German version
|
French version
Privacy Policy
Maple Media LLC (“Maple Media”, “we” or “us”) issues this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to inform you of our procedures and policies regarding the collection, disclosure, and use of Personal Information Maple Media receives or collects from users of our application and/or website. The term “Services”, as used in this Privacy Policy, references both the Maple Media website (the “Site”) mobile applications any other online services by Maple Media or its legal affiliates. This Privacy Policy applies to information that you provide to us (or permit third party sites to provide us) or that we collect through the Services.
This Privacy Policy will be updated at dates in the future to be determined by Maple Media. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Maple Media recommends that you consult this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Users outside the E.E.A, by using our Services you are consenting to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy now and as revised in the future by Maple Media LLC. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services.
What This Policy Contains
I. Entity Responsible for the Processing of your Personal Information
II. Personal Information Collected and Used, Processing Purposes and Legal Bases
III. Information Sharing and Disclosure
IV. How Long We Store Your Information
V. Your Rights
VI. Security
VII. International Transfer
VIII. Our Policy Towards Children
IX. Phishing
X. Links to Other Sites
XI. Your Responsibilities for Protecting Your Data
XII. Complaints
XIII. Contacting Us
I. Entity Responsible for the Processing of your Personal Information
Maple Media LLC, 9570 West Pico Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90035
USA
, is responsible for the processing of your personal information in connection with the use of our Services. You can find our contact information in Section XII below.
II. Personal Information Collected and Used, Processing Purposes and Legal Bases
Personal Information
As you use the Services, you may provide us with information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Personal Information”). An identifiable natural person is a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly.  Personal Information includes data such as your name and email address, but is not limited to this information and may vary based on the Services you are using. Personal Information may also include data like your IP address, information about your usage of our Services, financial or transactional details, user identifiers, your location, or other application specific information When you contact our customer support services, this may include a record of that correspondence and associated contact information.
Personal Information That You Provide
Registering and Paying for the Services.
Where applicable, you may sign up to use the Services directly via the Site or Application or via certain third party social networking sites (each, a “Social Networking Site”). If you decide to create an account to use the Services via a Social Networking Site, we may extract the Personal Information you have provided to such Social Networking Site (such as your “real” name, email address and other information you make available via the Social Networking Site) from the account you have with such Social Networking Site and use that Personal Information to create your Maple Media account, or an account for a Maple Media Service; the Personal Information we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the Social Networking Site. We use this Personal Information with your consent.
If you choose to purchase any Services or any virtual goods as part of your use of the Services, to the extent available, we or our third party service providers may collect Personal Information from you to facilitate your payment for such virtual goods. We use this Personal Information to perform our contract with you to provide the Services to you.
We use other Personal Information that you provide in connection with your registration and/or use of the Services (e.g., your name, user name, password, time of registration, birthday, gender, zip code (on its own) and individual preferences) in order to provide our Services and your user account to you. If you participate in a contest, we may use any Personal Information included in your submission. We may also use any Personal Information that you include in any inquiry that you send to us. We use the aforementioned Personal Information to perform our contract with you to provide the Services to you.
Optional Push Notifications.
If you wish to receive push notifications on your cell phone, we may use your user ID, the content of the push notifications we send to you and your user preferences that trigger the push notification. We use this Personal Information with your consent. You can always opt-out for the future.
Email and Marketing Communications.
If you wish to receive personalized email newsletters, we may use your name, email address and the content of the marketing communications we send to you. We send you our personalized email newsletters on the basis of your consent or our legitimate interests to send you information about similar Services to those that you have previously used or purchased. We may personalize our marketing communications based on the information you provide to us, your preferences, your interactions with the Services, information obtained from third parties, and your search and booking history. You can always opt out for the future. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “user preferences” information. (See “
Your Rights
,” below.) Please note that where you opt-out of receiving email newsletters, we may still send you certain communications relating to your use of the Services, such as service announcements, notices regarding the Service and administrative messages.
Information from Your Device You Permit Us to Access as Part of the Services.
With your consent, we may access Personal Information from your device, such as your specific or general location, calendar, or photo library in order to provide Services you have requested. For example, if you are using a weather app and would like to receive weather updates for your current location, you may need to enable access to your location. Similarly, if you are using a calendar app and would like to use the app to manage your calendar, you may need to enable access to your calendar for that purpose. Or if you are using a photo editing app, you may need to enable access to your photos if order for the app to modify your photos. We will not seek to access the category of information described in this paragraph without your consent, and we will not ask for your consent unless it is useful or necessary to provide the Services you have requested.
Secure Data.
Some services are encrypted and collect data that we are not capable of decrypting under any circumstances. For these services, this includes all or select information stored in your accounts and is associated with your login credentials and your device. We have no way of accessing or providing decrypted Secure data, and we never receive copies of unencrypted Secure data. Your secure data is your property. We claim no rights to it beyond those necessary to deliver services to you. You may add, modify, and delete secure data at your discretion. You are responsible for maintaining your credentials and managing access to your secure data, as outlined in Section XI.
Fitness and Wellness Data
Fitness and wellness data includes data you may input when using our Services related to your dietary habits, dietary restrictions, fitness activity, fitness goals, lifestyle (e.g. eating habits and recipes), life events, fitness goals, height, weight, measurements, fitness level, heart rate, sleep data, BMI, and similar types of data relating to physiological condition, and activity. We collect this data in order to provide the Services and to tailor features, advertising, and services to your interests and goals, including providing meal suggestions, reporting and analytics, workout plans, and meal planning related services and product recommendations. Fitness and Wellness Data may also include data you enable to be shared from other services to Maple Media applications, for example, Apple Health.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically
Our Services may require additional Personal Information or permissions from your device in order to function effectively.
Log Data
. When you use the Services, whether as a registered user or a non-registered user, for example in accessing our Services through a Social Networking Site, (any of these, a “Maple Media User”), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or application (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include Personal Information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type or the website or application you were visiting before you came to the Service, pages of the websites or application involved in the Service that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for, access times and dates, operating system, software version, and statistical information related to your use of the Services. We use the Log Data to monitor and analyze use of the Services, to technically administer and maintain the Services, to provide the Services to you, to improve and increase the functionality and user-friendliness of our Services, and for security purposes. For example, some of the Log Data is collected so that when you use our Services again, it will recognize you and will make your continued use of the Services easier (e.g. by storing your game progress or remembering that you are logged into the Services). We also use the Log Data to verify that visitors to the Service meet the criteria required to process their requests. We use the Log Data to perform our contract with you to provide the functioning Services to you.
Cookies and Similar Technology.
Like many websites and applications, our Services use cookies and mobile advertising identifiers (“Cookies”) to collect Personal Information. A Cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We do not link the information we store in Cookies to any Personal Information you submit while using our Services. Please find more information about the Personal Information we collect and use when using Cookies in
Section III
, below.
How We Use Your Personal Information:
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Providing, Improving, and Developing the Services
Provide the Services to you
To set up your user account
Recognize you when you return to our Services, keep your game progress, save your registration ID and login password for future logins, and store information about your use of the Services
Display your achievements on leader boards within the relevant Application (which will include your basic social media profile information if you choose to link your social media accounts with the Services)
To enable you to purchase any Services or make purchases within our Services
Provide customer service and to respond to any inquiry that you send to us
Operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Services and the user experience, such as by performing analytics and conducting research
Communicate with you and to send you information by personalized email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our Services, contests, support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications.
Make your user experience easier, more personalized, more enjoyable and more efficient
Address problems with and improve our Services and technologies, as well as to develop new Services
Enable certain features of the Services in order to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage.
Facilitate your ability to share Personal Information (e.g., game scores or photos you have edited) to social media
Administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions. We may provide further information on the use of your Personal Information in connection with contests when you sign-up for the contest and submit your entry
Help us learn more about your product preferences
Send you push notifications with app-related information when you give us your consent
Fulfill your purchase requests and process purchase payments and refunds
Operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Services and experience, and personalize and customize your experience. We use your Personal Information on the basis of our legitimate interests in improving our Services and your experience. With your consent, we conduct profiling based on your interactions with the Services.
Creating and Maintaining a Trusted and Safe Environment
Prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud, security breaches and activities that are or potentially may be prohibited or illegal
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments
Verify or authenticate information
As we believe to be required or appropriate to protect the rights, property, safety and security of Maple Media and our employees, customers and others
As we believe to be required or appropriate under applicable law, to respond to requests from government authorities and to comply with legal process, investigations, regulatory or governmental inquiries or for other legal or regulatory purposes
Comply with our legal obligations
Resolve any disputes with any of our users and enforce our agreements with third parties
Enforce our Terms of Service or other policies.
We use your Personal Information for these purposes given our legitimate interest in protecting the Services and to comply with applicable laws.
Marketing, Surveys, Sweepstakes, Contests and other Commercial Partnerships
Personalize, measure, and improve our advertising
Administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Maple Media or its third party partners.
We may use, and disclose the following categories of information about you or your use of the Services for our business and commercial purposes, including to personalize your experience or market other services to you: Identifiers (such as name, email address); commercial information, financial data, user-generated content; device information and identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); professional and employment related information; location data; demographic data (such as gender); inference data; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you
We use your Personal Information for these purposes with your consent, where required, or to perform our contract with you to provide the Services to you.
III. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Maple Media Registered Users
. If you register through the Services on the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile, for Maple Media or for any Maple Media applications, websites, or services, other registered users may see your “User Name” (“Subscriber Identifier”).
Third-Party Advertisers:
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information; Advertisers. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes.
In particular, we share Non-Identifying Information (including the advertising identifier currently associated with your device) and Log Data and other aggregated information with third party advertising and technology companies. The data we share with them may include data about your device, approximate location, and use of our Applications, including IP address, device identifiers and information, Application usage data, and purchase data as well as information you provide to us when using our Applications such as game progress and certain technical information. Such information may be used to send you targeted advertisements for products and services that are relevant to your interests. In some cases these third parties will also use the data that they collect for their own purposes, such as aggregating your data with other data they hold in order to inform advertising related services provided to other clients. These third parties may place a Cookie on your browser, or use a web beacon, to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear across the Services, or on other websites, apps and services. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. On your mobile device, you can manage your privacy preferences in app settings, and you may be able to reset some identifiers by taking the following steps (for iOS:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
and for Android:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
). If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the website or all functionality of our Services, and advertising will no longer be targeted to your interests.
For example, we may collect and share the advertising identifier associated with your device (such as the Apple IDFA and Android Advertising ID) with advertisers. An advertising identifier is an alphanumeric string that can be used to identify your device so that advertisers can serve relevant ads to you. We use the Apple IDFA only as permitted by Apple, and we use the Android Advertising ID only as permitted by Google. An advertising identifier is assigned, and ad tracking is turned on, by default on your mobile device. You may limit the use of or reset your advertising device ID using the privacy settings on your mobile device; in some instances you may need to reset the operating system to reset the advertising device ID. We do not associate any of your personal information with your advertising device ID without your consent (which may be given by you in our terms of use for an Application).
A list of the third party advertising and technology companies that we use is set forth below:
AdAdapted, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Admob (Google LLC) –
Privacy Policy
Amazon Services International, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Amazon Ad Server –
Privacy Policy
AppLovin Corporation –
Privacy Policy
Beachfront Media, LLC –
Privacy Policy
Chartboost, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Criteo –
Privacy Policy
Flipp –
Privacy Policy
Fyber –
Privacy Policy
Google Ad Manager –
Privacy Policy
GumGum –
Privacy Policy
HyprMX –
Privacy Policy
ID5 –
Privacy Policy
Index Exchange –
Privacy Policy
Inmobi Pte Ltd –
Privacy Policy
ironSource Mobile Ltd. –
Privacy Policy
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
LiveRamp –
Privacy Policy
Meta Audience Network (Facebook, Inc.) –
Privacy Policy
Mintegral –
Privacy Policy
Mobfox –
Privacy Policy
MobileFuse, LLC –
Privacy Policy
My Code Media, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Next Millennium Media, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Nexxen Group –
Privacy Policy
PubMatic, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Rubicon Project, Inc. (Magnite) –
Privacy Policy
Sharethrough, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Smaato, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Tappcelerator Media, S.L. –
Privacy Policy
The Trade Desk –
Privacy Policy
TripleLift, Inc. –
Privacy Policy
Unity Ads (Unity Technologies) –
Privacy Policy
Verve Group –
Privacy Policy
Vrtcal (VRTCAL Markets, Inc.) –
Privacy Policy
Vungle –
Privacy Policy
Xandr –
Privacy Policy
This Site is affiliated with Publisher First, Inc. dba Freestar (“Freestar”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Freestar will collect and use specific data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Freestar’s data usage, click here:
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/
This list may be updated at any time. Please check this Privacy Policy for the most current information.
Email Targeting:
When you enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar) or when you use our app, we may share personal data or other information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), mobile advertising identifier, IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our partners which include LiveRamp, ID5, the Trade Desk and their group companies, acting as joint controllers, and other partners. These partners may use this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data. We place this code in our first party cookie or a partner cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc).
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy and opt-out here:
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time.
Detailed information on ID5’s data processing activities in connection with this ID and ID5’s opt-out is available in ID5’s platform privacy policy here:
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy
.
You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time
Detailed information on the Trade Desk’s data processing activities is available in the Trade Desk’s privacy policy and opt-out here:
https://www.thetradedesk.com/us/privacy
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or
opt-out
to the processing of your personal data at any time.
Additional partners may be added or removed at any time.
Service Providers:
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide our Services on our behalf, to perform services related to our Services (e.g., without limitation, analytics and reporting services, database & hosting services, distribution platforms, and other web or app services) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We have carefully selected these service providers and entered into data processing agreements, if required by applicable law. The service providers will use your Personal Information outside the EU/EEA (e.g. in the U.S.).
Service providers with whom we share your Personal Information may include:
Web, App and Game Distribution, Payments and Operating System platforms, including, but not limited to, Apple Inc., Google LLC, Amazon.com, Inc., Facebook, Inc., Stripe, Inc.
Analytics and Consent Management Service Providers, including, but not limited to, Sisense Ltd., Google LLC (operating as Firebase, Google Analytics, BigQuery, or Google Cloud Platform), Appsflyer, OneTrust, LLC
Web, App or Game Software, Hosting, Database & API Service Providers, including, but not limited to, Google LLC (Google Cloud Platform) and Amazon.com, LLC (Amazon Web Services)
Customer Support Platforms, including, but not limited to, Zendesk, Inc.
Group Companies.
We may share your Personal Information with our group companies where it in order to provide our Services or customer support to you or based on our legitimate interests for internal administrative and management purposes (for example, for corporate strategy, compliance, auditing and monitoring, research and development, and quality assurance).
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.
Maple Media cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any Personal Information to government or law enforcement officials where necessary to respond to any government or law enforcement requests or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Maple Media or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Business Transfers.
Maple Media may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Other Disclosures.
We may share your Personal Information with our legal, regulatory, audit, and other professional advisors. Those companies may use your Personal Information to assist us in our operations consistent with our legitimate business interests.
IV. How Long We Store Your Information
We keep your Personal Information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Information is processed. The length of time for which we retain Personal Information depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims.
V. Your Rights
Your EU Privacy Rights
If you are a user located in the EU/EEA/UK, you have the following rights regarding your Personal Information:
Right of access: You may ask us to confirm whether we process your Personal Information and, if so, to provide you with a copy of that Personal Information (along with certain other details).
Right to rectification: If the Personal Information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask for rectification or completion.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Information in some circumstances, e.g., if you believe we no longer need it or if you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If you completely delete all such Personal Information, then your account may become deactivated.
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information in some circumstances, e.g., if you object to us processing it.
Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain Personal Information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format for reuse under certain circumstances.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Information, and we will do so under appropriate circumstances, if we (1) rely on legitimate interests to process your Personal Information, except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing, or (2) process your Personal Information for direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based solely on automated processing, including profiling, and it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on your consent as legal basis for processing your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
You can learn more about these rights at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en
.
If you want to get access to, correct, or request erasure of your Personal Information, restrict, or object to the processing of your Personal Information; or request to receive your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format please contact us as described in Section XIII. To protect your privacy and security, we also will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access, making corrections, or following such a request to correct or delete your Personal Information.
Notice of California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Maple Media who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us as described in
Section XIII
.
At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals.  For information about Do Not Track, please visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Some browsers and browser extensions support the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) (
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
), which can send a signal to websites you visit that signals your intention to opt out of certain types of data processing. Where required by law, when we detect such a signal, we will make reasonable efforts to respect your choices indicated by a GPC setting.
Under California law, California residents have the right to request:
the deletion or correction of the Personal Information we have about them
additional information about whether and how we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold Personal Information about them
the specific pieces of Personal Information we have about them
that we opt them out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their Personal Information (“Right to Opt Out”), which can be done at the below “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link.
California residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if they exercise the rights list above. As noted above, we do not knowingly use or share sensitive categories of data about individual users (in California, “Sensitive Personal Information”) other than as needed to perform specific services you have requested. For example, if you want real-time weather data for a specific location, we may request that you give us access to your location for that purpose. We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that product legal or similarly significant effects concerning individual users (in California, “Automated Decision-Making”).
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
We do not sell consumers’ covered information for monetary consideration (as defined in Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes). However, if you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to sell certain information about you. To submit such a request, please contact us at
privacy@maplemedia.io
.
State Health Privacy Rights
In addition to the information provided above, please see our Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy for additional information about the data we collect, process, share, and disclose, and your rights under applicable law.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests (Open to Eligible Residents of Some U.S. States)
Some U.S. states (such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, Utah, Washington, Texas, Oregon, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire & New Jersey) have privacy laws that grant residents the right to make requests regarding how their personal information is collected, use, and shared and to request access to certain information collected about them. We seek to comply with applicable law and to respect the wishes of our users.
When you make a request, we may require that you provide information and follow procedures so that we can verify the request and your jurisdiction before responding to it. The verification steps we take may differ depending on the request you make and the requirements of state law. We will attempt to match the information that you provide in your request to information we already have on file to verify your identity. If we are able to verify your request, we will process it. If we cannot verify your request, we may ask you for additional information to help us verify your request.
Eligible users will be required to submit their first and last name and email address and may also be asked to provide other information so that we can verify the request. Please provide as much of the requested information as possible to help us verify the request. We will only use the information received in a request for the purposes of responding to the request.
Where permitted by law, eligible users may use an authorized agent to make privacy rights requests. We require the authorized agent to provide proof of the user’s written permission that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request. An authorized agent must follow the process described below to make a request, and we will additionally require the authorized agent to verify his/her own identity.
You may submit a  privacy rights request to us by:
Using the privacy rights request options available in the Settings menu of your app (available to app users only) or in the cookie preferences center in your web browser (available to web users only on our sites)
Completing
this form
Emailing us at
privacy@maplemedia.io
To exercise the Right to Opt Out, in addition to contacting us using the above information, you may use the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION.
VI. Security
Maple Media is concerned with safeguarding your Personal Information. We employ reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to help protect your information from unauthorized access. No security, however, can eliminate the possibility that your Personal Information may be accessed by an unauthorized third party and we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will remain secure in all situations.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email, mail, telephone, or conspicuous posting on our website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. We reserve the right to choose which method we use to contact you about such an event.
VII. International Transfer
We may transfer your Personal Information outside the European Union/European Economic Area. Whenever we transfer your Personal Information out of the EU/EEA, we ensure an adequate level of protection is afforded to it by ensuring, where required by law, at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
Transferring Personal Information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Information by the EU Commission, or
Using standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission which give Personal Information the same protection it has in Europe.
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to request a copy of the specific safeguard by contacting us as described in
Section XII
.
VIII. Our Policy Toward Children
The Services are not directed to children under 18. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at contact@maplemedia.io. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
Where the General Data Protection Regulation applies, our Services are not intended for children and we do not knowingly process Personal Information relating to children under the age of 18.
IX. Phishing
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Maple Media. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
X. Links to Other Sites
Our Services may provide links to other websites and applications. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own Cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit Personal Information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the Personal Information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
XI. Your Responsibilities for Protecting Your Data
You are responsible for knowing your account credentials and password.
It may not be possible for to recover your password, or your data on your behalf, should you not be able to provide correct account credentials when they are requested.
We are not responsible for lost credentials and cannot guarantee access to our services if your credentials are lost.
You should also create a strong and secure password and take precautions to protect your account.
For some services, when you create your account, you will create a Master Password. You should create a unique, strong and secure Master Password that is not easily guessed. It may not be possible to access or recover your account or your data without your Master Password.
It’s important to understand that anyone with your account credentials, including your Master Password, may be able to access your data on the services.
It may not be possible for us to assist you with certain customer service requests, unless you are using your confirmed account credentials, in order to protect your account and data.
XI. Complaints
If you have any complaints concerning Maple Media’s processing of your Personal Information, please email us at
privacy@maplemedia.io
or write to us at 9570 West Pico Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90035.
Please note that if you our Services from the EU/EEA, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority that is responsible for the protection of Personal Information in the country where you live or work, or in which you think a breach of data protection laws might have taken place.
Customers in the United Kingdom can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office by telephone on 0303 123 1113, or by using the live chat service that is available through the Information Commissioner’s website
www.ico.org.uk
XII. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you would like us to delete your Personal Information, you can delete your account from the website or app at any time in Settings, or by contacting us at
privacy@maplemedia.io
or at Maple Media LLC, 9570 West Pico Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90035.
If you would like to submit a data request under CPRA or GDPR, please complete
this form
, or manage your preferences in the Privacy Center in your app or browser.
Last Updated: July 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://info.adadapted.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 17, 2020
Welcome to
www.adadapted.com
(the “Site”). This Site is comprised of various web pages operated by AdAdapted, Inc. (“AdAdapted”). AdAdapted provides native ads, supported by advanced data analysis tools, which are customized to look and feel like a natural extension of a mobile application (the “Services”). This Site is offered to advertisers contracting with AdAdapted to increase and track consumer engagement (“Advertisers”), publishers contracting with AdAdapted to develop a custom native ad solution (“Publishers”) (collectively “Clients”) and individuals browsing our service offerings (“Visitors”) (Clients and Visitors are collectively referred to as “you” or “your” or “Users”). Use of our Site and/or Services is conditioned on acceptance, without modification, of the terms, conditions, notices and policies contained herein (the “Terms”), and use of this Site and/or Services constitutes agreement to all such Terms, including those in this privacy policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use our Site or Services, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. So check this policy for updates each time you visit. If we make a material change to how we handle personally identifiable information under this policy, we will post notice of that change on the main page of our Site and may provide notice to users via e-mail or other methods reasonably calculated to bring that change to your attention.  The next time you visit the Site or Services after any changes to this policy, you will by using the Site or Services be deemed to have accepted the changes.
What information do we collect?
We collect personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information (also referred to as “personal information”) is any information that can be used to individually identify you from a larger group, such as data including, but not limited to, your:
first and last name;
email address;
state/region
comments or messages provided in free text boxes.
The personally identifiable information we collect is limited to what you give us.  You may provide us with personal identifiable information when you:
subscribe to our newsletter,
request information,
fill out a form to submit an order, or
register on our Site
The information that you provide in each case will vary.  In some cases, we may ask you to create a username and password that should only be known to you.  When ordering from or registering on our Site, as applicable, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, or phone number. You may, however, visit our Site without entering any personally identifiable information.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information related to your device, specifically, the device model, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the device country, language, date and time zone.  We collect this information using automated tools that are detailed below:
Cookies.
A “cookie” is a small data file transmitted from a website to your device’s hard drive.  Cookies are usually defined in one of two ways, and we may use both of them: (1) session cookies, which do not stay on your device after you close your browser; and (2) persistent cookies, which remain on your device until you delete them or they expire.  Of course, if you do not wish to have cookies on your devices, you may turn them off at any time by modifying your internet browser’s settings. However, by disabling cookies on your device, you may be prohibited from full use of the Site’s features or lose access to some functionality.
Google Analytics.
The Site sends aggregated, non-Personal Information to Google Analytics for the purpose of providing us with the ability to conduct technical and statistical analysis on the Site’s performance.  For more information on how Google Analytics supports the Site and uses information sent from the Site, please review Google’s privacy policy available at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
.
Web Beacons.
A Web Beacon is an electronic image. Web Beacons can track certain things from your computer and can report activity back to a web server allowing us to understand some of your behavior. If you choose to receive emails from us, we may use Web Beacons to track your reaction to our emails. We may also use them to track if you click on the links and at what time and date you do so. Some of our third-party marketing partners may use Web Beacons to track your interaction with online advertising banners on our Site.  This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your Personal Information. Please note that any image file on a webpage can act as a Web Beacon.
Embedded Web Links.
Links provided in our emails and, in some cases, on third-party websites may include tracking technology embedded in the link. The tracking is accomplished through a redirection system. The redirection system allows us to understand how the link is being used by email recipients.  Some of these links will enable us to identify that you have personally clicked on the link and this may be attached to the Personal Information that we hold about you. This data is used to improve our service to you and to help us understand the performance of our marketing campaigns.
Third-party Websites and Services.
We work with a number of service providers of marketing communications technology. These service providers may use various data collection methods to improve the performance of the marketing campaigns we are contracting them to provide. The information collected can be gathered on our Site and also on the websites where our marketing communications are appearing. For example, we may collect data where our banner advertisements are displayed on third-party websites.
What are your choices in selecting privacy preferences?
We want to provide you with relevant information that you have requested.
If we provide subscription-based services, such as email newsletters, we will allow you to make choices about what information you provide at the point of information collection or at any time after you have received a communication from us while you are subscribed.  Transactional or service-oriented messages are usually excluded from such preferences, as such messages are required to respond to your requests or to provide goods and services, and are not intended for the purposes of marketing.
We will not intentionally send you email newsletters and marketing emails unless you consent to receive such marketing information.  After you request to receive these emails, you may opt out of them at any time by selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email.  Please note that by opting out or unsubscribing you may affect other services you have requested we provide to you, in which email communication is a requirement of the service provided.
Any such communications you receive from us will be administered in accordance with your preferences and this policy.
How do you access your personally identifiable information?
We strive to maintain and process your information accurately.  We have processes in place to maintain all of our information in accordance with relevant data governance frameworks and legal requirements.  We employ technologies designed to help us maintain information accuracy on input and processing.
To view and change the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us, you can contact us directly for assistance.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To provide Clients with data analysis tools and impression information.
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs), facilitate Site usage, and enforce our Terms.
To prevent malicious activity and provide you with a secure experience.
To prevent unwanted messages or content.
To improve our offerings (we continually strive to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To send periodic emails (the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions).
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personally identifiable information.  The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We advise you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We do our best to protect your personal information.  But we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site or Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are also not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site or Services.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating and, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties contractually agree to keep such information confidential and take reasonable administrative, technological, and physical measures to protect that information. We may disclose your personally identifiable information to our trusted third-party business partners in accordance with this policy. We work with a number of partners that help us process your requests, deliver customer service and support, send email marketing communications, and provide experiences that you have come to expect from us.  We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties in order to fulfill the service that they provide to us. These third-party partners are under contract to keep your Personal Information secure and not to use it for any reason other than to fulfill the service we have requested from them.
Except as described in this privacy policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your notice and consent, unless it is under one of the following circumstances: (1) when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site or Services policies, (2) to protect our or other’s rights, property, or safety, (3) in the event of a merger, restructuring, sale or transfer of some or all of AdAdapted’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by AdAdapted is among the assets transferred, (4) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, (5) to enforce or protect the rights and properties of AdAdapted, (6) protecting the rights or personal safety of AdAdapted employees, and (7) for any other purpose with your consent. We may provide or share non-personally identifiable information to other parties without restriction, including without limitation for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Does this privacy policy apply to third-party websites?
This privacy policy does not apply to websites or other domains that are maintained or operated by third parties or our affiliates.  Our Site may link to third-party websites and services, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter, but these links are not endorsements of these sites, and this privacy policy does not extend to them.  Because this privacy policy is not enforced on these third-party websites, we encourage you to read any posted privacy policy of the third-party website before using the service or site and providing any information.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on the Site from anyone under 13 years of age, and no part of our Site is directed to persons under the age of 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THIS SITE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old. In the event AdAdapted discovers that personal information has been collected from a person under 13 years of age, without verified parental consent in accordance with COPPA, AdAdapted will delete such information.
Your California rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section § 1798.83, we will not disclose or share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purposes of third-party marketing to you without your prior consent.
Other than as disclosed in this privacy, the Site does not track users over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising.  Therefore, the Site does not operate any differently when it receives Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals from your internet web browser.
What if I am situated outside the United States?
We do not warrant or represent this policy or the Site’s use of your personally identifiable information complies with the laws of any other jurisdiction.  Furthermore, to provide you with our services, we may store, process, and transmit information in the United States and other locations around the world, including countries that may not have the same privacy and security laws as yours.  Regardless of the country in which such information is stored, we will process your personally identifiable information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy.
If we make any changes to this privacy policy, a revised privacy policy will be posted on this webpage and the date of the change will be reported in the “Last Revised” block above.  You can get to this page from any of our webpages by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link (usually at the bottom of the screen).
Terms of Use
Please review our Terms of Use establishing accepted use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Site.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
AdAdapted, Inc.
206 East Huron Street, Suite #101
Ann Arbor, MI 48104
Email Address: info@adadapted.com
Telephone number: +1 (313)-744-3383
26864307.1
Sub-policy 1
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/48182:
Skip to main content
Sub-policy 2
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Amazon Publisher Services Privacy Notice
A9.com, Inc. (“Amazon”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
Please note that Amazon owns and operates this web site and is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. If you have an account on Amazon.com and an Amazon.com cookie, information gathered by Amazon, as described in this Privacy Notice, may be correlated with any personally identifiable information that Amazon.com has and used by Amazon and Amazon.com to improve the services we offer.
As a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Amazon follows the same information practices as Amazon.com, and information we collect is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice.
By visiting the aps.amazon.com or ams.amazon.com site, you are accepting the practices described in the
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.beachfront.com/privacy-policy:
We use cookies to enhance the performance and relevance of our website. By clicking “Accept Cookies,” you’re opting into the use of cookies as outlined in our
Website Privacy Policy
.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept Cookies
Deny Cookies
PLATFORM PRIVACY POLICY
It’s worth knowing what we will and won’t do with your information.
Beachfront Media, LLC, (“Beachfront”, “BFM”, “we”, or “us"), is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our products and services, including transparency and accountability in our privacy practices. The following Platform Privacy Policy was prepared to inform you of the information we collect about you, how that information is used, whether and to whom we disclose it, and the choices you have regarding your personal information relating to. the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users of our services (“Services”). For information specific to your access to and use of BFM’s website at
www.beachfront.com
(“Site”), please visit our “Website Privacy Policy” available at
https://www.beachfront.com/beachfront-media-corporate-website-privacy-policy
.
The purpose of this Platform Privacy Policy is to inform you of the following:
Who we are and the Services we provide so that you can understand how our business may impact your privacy.
What kind of information, including any personally identifiable information, is collected from you.
Who collects the information, how the information is used, with whom the information may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, deletion, and distribution of the information.
The security procedures that are in place to protect the information; and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
It is very important that you read and understand our Platform Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms set out in our Platform Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. We may update this Platform Privacy Policy from time to time. We will advise you that changes have been made by posting a notice on our website or otherwise. Your use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of our Platform Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by us, and you are advised to consult our Platform Privacy Policy regularly for any changes (revisions will be reflected by the “last update” notation above). If you have any questions regarding BFM’s policies or practices relating to privacy, please direct them to
privacy@beachfront.com
.
This privacy policy applies only to BFM. It does not apply to the practices of companies that BFM does not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
OUR BUSINESS
BFM has a technology platform.
We use our proprietary technology to offer advertising solutions to our clients, which includes working with advertisers to deliver their advertising campaigns across our network of publishers and application (“app”) developers (our ”BFM Platform”).
We offer technologies to advertisers and publishers that allow them to sell and purchase space or digital advertisements to try and ensure that the audience they desire sees their ads and that the advertising itself is delivered and its performance can be analyzed. We act as intermediaries that connect advertisers and publishers to deliver relevant digital ads. Types of data that may be used for this purpose range from behavioral or interest-related information to geographical or demographic user data. We participate in the IAB’s Transparency & Consent Framework and comply with its specifications and policies.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Personally Identifiable Information.
We collect personally identifiable information in order to help our clients buy, sell, and deliver online advertising. “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII” means information that alone or when in combination with other information we collect, may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you. There may be some opportunities, for example when you use our Site or Services, where you may choose to enter your name, contact information, and other personal details. For example, if you were interested in becoming one of our clients or using our Services you could provide us with contact details through our Site.
We also may collect device advertising IDs: unique identifiers used for advertising purposes on various devices, including mobile devices, Connected TV (CTV) devices, and others. Some examples of device advertising IDs (not an exhaustive list) are the following: (a) Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) is used on Apple devices running iOS (b) Android Advertising ID (AAID) is used on Android devices; (c) Google Advertising ID (GAID) is a unique advertising ID assigned to Android devices by Google Play services (d) Roku Advertising ID is a unique identifier assigned to Roku devices; (e) LG Smart TV Advertising ID is a unique identifier assigned to LG smart TVs, (f) Samsung Smart TV Advertising ID is a unique identifier assigned to Samsung smart TVs; and (g) third-party IDs: unique identifiers that belong to third parties. Third-party IDs may be associated with broad aggregate audience segments and shared with advertisers to serve more relevant ads to you based on your interests (for example, ads related to sports or fashion).
Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Non-personally identifiable information is information that, without additional information, cannot be linked to a specific individual by us. We may collect non-personally identifiable information while you are visiting our Site or the websites of one of our advertisers or publishers (collectively, “Customers”). For example, while providing the Services to publishers, advertisers and those working for them, we may collect your IP address, Web pages that you visit, the time and date, and whether or not you clicked on various advertisements (collectively, “Web Surfing Data”).
TECHNOLOGIES WE MAY USE FOR DATA COLLECTION
We use different types of technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information, including cookies, action tags, Web beacons, and single pixel GIFs.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes when you request through your browser to receive a particular Web page or content. We use these cookies for three purposes:
Persistent Cookies for Customers Use of Our Site
For our Customers who login to our Site so that they may use our Services, we utilize persistent cookies to potentially save your login information for future logins to the Site. This functionality works as it does on many websites that enable you to have an easier experience logging in and navigating their websites. We do not use persistent cookies in connection with helping our customers buy, sell, and deliver online advertising.
Session Cookies to Help Ad Delivery and Accounting
We utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services, to better understand how you interact with the Services, and to monitor aggregate usage by our users and Web traffic routing on the Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
User Data Cookies for Ad Targeting
We utilize cookies to store user data that can aid in targeting of advertisements. This data is usually collected by our Customers and used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to a user’s interests.
Use of Cookies By Others
Also, the Web publisher or advertiser with whom we partner may use cookies, action tags, GIFs, or Web beacons to collect information when you are visiting their websites. The information they collect is governed by their individual privacy policies, not ours. You are encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites that you visit. You can learn more about how cookies and related technologies are used in connection with online advertising and analytics by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/how-interest-based-ads-work
.
OPT-OUT PROCEDURE AND COOKIE CONTROL
Should you wish to opt-out of us placing a cookie on your browser, you can click
here
to deploy an “opt-out” cookie on your browser. This cookie, when installed on your browser, will prevent us from placing a new cookie on that browser and from collecting data on that browser.
Our opt-out tool is cookie-based. Opt-out tools only prevent us from collecting data pertaining to you on the browser on which they are installed and will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt-out cookie from a browser’s cookie files, we may collect data and place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is reset on that browser. If you block third-party cookies from being set on your browser, you may not be able to enjoy some features or functionality, and you may see the same content and advertisements repeatedly on some websites.
OPT-OUT PROCEDURE FOR MOBILE INTERNET-BASED, MOBILE DEVICE OR CTV ADVERTISING
Some of our partners may collect information on mobile internet based sites, mobile or CTV (also known as smart TVs or connected TV devices). Should you wish to opt-out of this type of targeting on both Android and/or IOS platforms please click on the below links:
Android:
https://developer.android.com/google/play-services/id.html#get_started
IOS:
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising on CTVs
Our Customers may display interest-based advertising on CTVs (based on your use of CTVs over time and across non-affiliated CTV apps). To learn more about these practices and how to opt out, please review your connected TV’s settings menu and visit
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
USE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Use of Non-Personally-Identifiable Information
The non-personally identifiable data that we and/or our Customers collect when using the Services are used for marketing and sales efforts and to better target advertisements to people across the different websites they visit. We may also use the non-personally identifiable data to better target content to individuals in an effort to create a personally relevant experience for each person. The non-personally identifiable data is also used to predict responses to advertisements, and to help determine which ads perform best and which ads are most appropriate for different individuals.
Use of Personally-Identifiable Information
We use personally identifiable information we receive primarily to communicate with our Customers as we provide the Services. We use information we receive from business customer prospects in the same ways.
Data from Customers
We allow our Customers to import data that they have collected or purchased to deliver advertisements to certain audiences through the Services. We are not responsible for and do not control the collection of this data. If you wish to opt out of collection of your information by third parties, then you must do so directly with those third parties.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We do not provide personally identifiable information to our Customers or other third parties for their marketing purposes except under the following conditions. If a visitor to our Site provides personally identifiable information as part of an inquiry about products or services provided by us, we will provide that information only to the proper unit/individual so that they may attempt to respond to the inquiry.
We may share non-personally identifiable information collected via our BFM Platform with unaffiliated third parties for our business purposes. This does not include users from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Switzerland. We may also disclose and share user level Non-PII and aggregate Non-PII collected via our BFM Platform with unaffiliated third parties for our business purposes, including but not limited to enabling our business partners to help us target ads via the BFM Platform. This information cannot be used to contact or identify any person individually.
We may also disclose your information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
Like most businesses, we will use information we receive for our business purposes and keep this information for as long as we have a legitimate business purpose as permitted by applicable law. We may also disclose your information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
Purposes and Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
We Process your information to provide our Services when it is permitted by law and supported by a valid legal justification (“Legal Basis”). We rely on the Legal Basis of consent for the following Processing activities:
Ad delivery
: to deliver ads to you;
Ad reporting
: to verify an ad was delivered to you with accuracy;
Cookie syncing
: to match our cookie IDs with third-party IDs to more effectively deliver relevant ads to you. When we are authorized to use a cookie ID, we try to match it against third-party IDs and third-party cookie IDs.; and
Impression Counting
: to count the number of times ads are displayed against a Digital ID.
We rely on the Legal Basis of legitimate interests for the following Processing activities:
Ad vetting
: to prevent fraud, malware, and other unacceptable behavior; and
Troubleshooting, optimizing, and product improvement
: to improve our Services and ensure ads are delivered correctly to you.
We rely on the Legal Basis of legal obligations for the following Processing activity:
Privacy Rights
: to view and enforce your opt-out choices, and honor your privacy choices/rights. For example, if you make a request to delete your Personal Data, we will use your Personal Data to search, identify, and delete your Personal Data.
We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of BFM.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to provide the Services on our behalf, including without limitation, maintenance services, database management, Web analytics, security and quality of advertising, and improvement of the Site’s features, or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Services are used (“Service Providers”). These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. For a list of our current Service Providers, you can contact
privacy@beachfront.com
. If you object to your information being shared by any new Services Providers after you have signed up for the Services, we will tell you how you may opt-out of having your information shared with these new Services Providers.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We may disclose information when necessary, in cooperation with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose information about you to government or to law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including, but not limited to subpoenas), or to protect our rights, property, or those of others.
Business Transfers
In addition to the above, there is also the possibility that we may one day be purchased by, or merged with, another company or otherwise be reorganized or sold. If that’s the case, the acquiring (or merging) company will have access to your information.
DATA RETENTION
The amount of time that we retain personal data we collect on our systems varies in length based on the type of data collected but is only retained by us so long as necessary to fulfill our legitimate business needs or as required to meet legal or regulatory requirements. We may also create and retain anonymized information and continue to use this information in accordance with our privacy policy. Specifically, we retain data as follows:
Personally Identifiable Information
We retain account information obtained from vendors and business partners we work with indefinitely but reserve the right to delete such information at our convenience.
Any personal information voluntarily provided to us via email communication or through our Site is maintained indefinitely until deleted by the corporate email account owner.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We retain click-stream data (such as IP address, date/time of visit, browser type, web pages visited, etc.) for up to thirteen (13) months. After thirteen (13) months, information may be stored in aggregate for statistical and analysis purposes or is deleted.
We retain behavioral segment data, excluding such data of EU and UK users, for periods as short as thirty (30) days, but may retain some behavioral segment data for up to thirteen (13) months. After thirteen (13) months, information may be stored in aggregate for statistical analysis purposes or is deleted.
We retain demographic data for periods as short as thirty (30) days, but may retain some demographic data for periods of thirteen (13) months. After thirteen (13) months information may be stored in aggregate for statistical analysis purposes or is deleted.
PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
If you are a resident of California or located in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, please see our Privacy Rights Notice available at
https://www.beachfront.com/beachfront-media-llc-privacy-rights-notice
web policy to learn more about the privacy rights available to you. If you are located in a jurisdiction with data protection laws that you believe offer you privacy rights not described in this Privacy Policy or our Privacy Rights Notice, please contact us at
privacy@beachfront.com
.
International Transfers of Personal Information
Our servers are located in the United States, which may be outside the jurisdiction where personal data is collected. Also, some of the third-party service providers with which we may share personal data are located in and may transfer personal data to various jurisdictions. These other jurisdictions may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your place of residence (and, in some cases, not as protective).
When we transfer personal data outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we ensure that appropriate legal protections are in place. These protections may include a transfer mechanism, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and such transfer mechanism, the terms of the transfer mechanism will govern.
LINKS TO WEB PUBLISHERS, ADVERTISERS, & OTHER WEBSITES
Our Services are combined with content from our Customers and other third-party advertisers. Our Services may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit a Customer or other third-party advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party’s website. Our provision of a link to a website or a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement of that website or advertisement, nor is it an endorsement of the privacy or information security policies or practices of that website or advertiser. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Web publishers, advertisers, or other websites that may be linked to our Site. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. This Privacy Policy addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you through our Services. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. You are encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
ACCESSING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, MAKING CHANGES, OR REQUESTING DELETION
Where we process personally-identifiable information on our own behalf, you may request access to, correction of, or deletion of personal data held by us by filling out a Data Subject Access Request form at
https://www.beachfront.com/data-subject-access-request
. Because we generally process data for others, for any of that data you should make your request directly to the party collecting the information or on whose behalf it has been collected.
SECURITY
We use technical, physical and administrative safeguards intended to protect the personal information that we collect from and about you through the Services. Our safeguards are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and include (as applicable) measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and a procedure for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing of personal information. We have an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data, limiting access only to those employees who we reasonably believe need to know such information for the purpose of performing their jobs. However, no company, including BFM, can fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information.
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
If we become aware of any accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to any personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed on our equipment or in our facilities (“Security Breach”), we will promptly notify our Data Controllers and respective parties of the Security Breach without undue delay, investigate the Security Breach and provide Data Controllers and respective parties with all relevant information and take all steps to mitigate the effects and to minimize any damage resulting from the Security Breach.
CHILDREN
Neither this Site nor the Services is directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. No sensitive segments or segments are targeted at children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
privacy@beachfront.com
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete such information from our files.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits end users who are California residents to request certain information regarding BFM’s disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email
privacy@beachfront.com
.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
BFM is committed to continually examining and reviewing its privacy practices, and may make changes to its Privacy Policy. In the event that any changes that we believe are material are made to the company’s privacy practices, we will post a dated revised Privacy Policy on this website.
LAST UPDATED MAY 8, 2024
Sub-policy 6
https://www.chartboost.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Data Sharing Addendum
T&C Addendum
Subprocessors
Tipalti Agreement
Advertiser Guidelines
Cookie Policy
Security
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Your Privacy Choices
OVERVIEW
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how information (both customer and end user information) is collected and utilized by Chartboost, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Chartboost”, “our”, or “we”). This Privacy Policy applies to the websites provided by Chartboost, including without limitation, www.Chartboost.com (the “Sites”) and Chartboost’s online services (“Online Services”). Our Online Services allow publishers of mobile applications to show ads on their applications, and advertisers to reach audiences that may be interested in their products or services (“Customers” or “customers” refers to publishers and advertisers (current and prospective) and their employees. “End users” or “end users” refers to end users of our customers’ services.” “You” and “your” refers collectively to customers and end users). If you have any concerns about this Privacy Policy you may send an email to
privacy@chartboost.com
.
1. COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Purposes of processing
. Our primary goals in collecting and using information are:
to provide the Online Services and the Sites,
to administer and assist customers with their Online Services account, and
to provide a better experience with and to improve the Online Services.
How we process your data
. Information about customers and end users will be stored and processed by us in the United States. For more information about the transfer of your data to the United States, please refer to Section 5.
Legal basis for processing
. Some jurisdictions require a legal basis for processing personal data. The EU and Swiss and similar legal systems’ legal basis for the processing of end users’ personal data is consent for our use of end user personal data and the performance of the agreement between Customer and Chartboost Inc for our use of end user personal data on behalf of customers, or, for employees working for a customer, the legitimate interests Chartboost has in processing such data in order to provide the Online Services to our customers. In some instances, we may also rely on consent that has been given for specific forms of processing.
2. WHAT INFORMATION WE PROCESS
a) Information about Customers
Registration
: During the registration process on our Sites, customers may be asked for certain information, which may include their name, their email address, the company for which they work, their country, and a password. This registration information is used to validate customers when they visit the Sites. It may also be used to send customers additional promotional information about our services. Employees of customers can opt out of receiving promotional emails at any time by using the link provided for this purpose in each email. If customers are entered in a Chartboost promotion in connection with their registration, we will also use their name and email address to contact them if they have won a prize in that promotion, and will ask them for the address at which they would like to receive their prize. We store all data associated with customer accounts, including contact information, applications and campaigns. Contact/Content: On the Sites we may offer online forms to enable customers to contact us. We may also offer customers the opportunity to request specific content, like newsletters and whitepapers we publish. When we request contact details (such as name and email address), we may ask for consent to use these to send information about our Online Services in the future.
Cookies and Beacons
: A “cookie” is a small text file that contains a string of alphanumeric characters. There are two types of cookies that may be used at our Sites: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie gets entered by a Web browser of a visitor to our Sites (“Site visitor”) into the “Cookies” folder on their computer and remains in this “Cookies” folder after their browser is closed. Persistent cookies may be used on subsequent visits to the Sites. A session cookie is held temporarily in a computer’s memory and disappears after a Site visitor closes their browser or shuts off their computer. The Sites or the emails we send may also use Web beacons (also called “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) in conjunction with cookies. Web beacons are small strings of code that are placed in a Web page. If a Site visitor arrives at the Sites by clicking on a banner ad for one of our products or services, a session cookie may be used. This cookie will contain an identification number for the ad that a Site visitor clicked on, or will contain an identification number for the Sites that a Site visitor was visiting when they clicked on the banner ad. This session cookie helps Chartboost determine which of our ads attract the most visitors. If, after a Site visitor arrives at our Sites and requests further information from us about our products and services, the information provided in that request will be linked to the information in the session cookie. This also helps Chartboost measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Because this is a session cookie, it will disappear once a Site visitor closes their browser. Our Sites may use persistent cookies, Web beacons and information collected in our log files (such as Internet Protocol Address, referring URLs, etc.) about activities at the Sites to better understand how the Sites are used, resolve technical problems, and enhance the experience of Site visitors. We may use a third-party email technology to send emails that customers have agreed to receive. Web beacons are used in those email messages to measure the effectiveness of our advertising. In addition, Chartboost may serve ads on the Sites using our own ad serving technology. In doing so, one of our ad servers will place or read a unique ad-serving cookie on a Site visitor’s computer and will use information about their browser and activities at the Sites. The ad serving cookie is a persistent cookie. We may also allow third parties to place cookies on our Sites to track use of the site to enable us to analyze the traffic of our marketing pages. Examples of such providers of analytics services may include Google Analytics.
b) Information about End Users
Online Services
: When an ad is served through our Online Services, we and others may collect the following from end users’ devices: bundle ID, language ID, operating system version, device model, software developer kit (SDK) version, unique device identifier, and IP address. In order to enhance contextual targeting, we and others may collect some screen, audio, connectivity, storage and battery settings and information of devices. In addition, when an end user accesses a video ad, we and others may collect additional stats about videos and video playback such as: start/boot-up information, amount played/session length information, memory on device used for our video cache, videos cached on a device and complete view event. We identify an end user’s device using Chartboost’s internal device ID, which is linked to an end user’s Apple IDFA, Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID, as applicable. If a customer uses Chartboost’s Post-Install Tools, which include Post-Install Analytics, Publisher Segmentation and Retargeting, we and others may access and collect data such as the following: when an end user launches the app, how long the end user plays the app, and in-app events. We and others may use this information to provide customers with an end user’s usage data, advertising campaign optimizations, and user re-targeting based on a user’s usage patterns. We also receive any of the information described in this section about end users from third party data providers, advertisers, or advertising services companies including mobile device identifiers, geolocation, IP addresses, website cookie information and usage data. We and others combine information about end users with additional demographic, geolocation and interest-based segment data, along with cookie information, including from third-party providers. We and others may also derive inferences about demographics, geolocation and interests based on end user information. The additional information we, infer, access, and collect may determine the nature of the ad that the end user sees. [GBdCG7] If customers do not want to expose end users to behaviorally targeted advertising campaigns, customers can choose to opt out of behavioral targeting by following the relevant instructions as set out on the Sites.
3. INFORMATION SHARING OR DISCLOSURE
We may share any of the information described above as follows.
Processors and service providers
. We contract with third parties to provide some part of the Online Service or to assist us in analyzing our services or information. Chartboost may provide this information to such third parties, or such third parties may collect information from you or the end users on our behalf or on behalf of our customers. We may also share this information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship, including on behalf of our customers, such as advertisers, demand side platforms, measurement/attribution companies, and advertising services companies. The information shared with these third parties may be used, among other things, for industry analysis, tracking ad conversions, cross-device matching, behavioral advertising or demographic profiling, and to provide services on behalf of our customers. These third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and applications.
Business partners
. We may also provide this information to our business partners or other trusted entities, including on behalf of our customers, for the purpose of providing you with information on goods and services we believe will be of interest to you.
Public authorities
. Public authorities. We may be required to disclose information about you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and will disclose such information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Chartboost, our customers, end users, or any third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. In addition, we may disclose this information to third parties in connection with a corporate re-organization, bankruptcy, liquidation, merger or amalgamation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
By Your request
. We may share information for other purposes if you or our customers direct us to do so or you consent to such sharing.
Aggregate or anonymous data
. Finally, in addition to the information described above, we may share aggregate or anonymous information about you or end users with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties, including on behalf of our customers.
4. PRIVACY PRACTICES OF CUSTOMERS AND THIRD PARTIES
In our Terms & Conditions, we require Chartboost customers to post a privacy policy, to provide and/or obtain all required end user notices and/or consents, and to comply with all applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, but we are not responsible for our customers’ privacy practices. To assist customers in compliance with their obligations under applicable law, our Privacy Policy contains information on the way Chartboost processes end user personal data. In particular, information given to the end users who are based in the EU, Switzerland or jurisdiction with similar rules at the time their consent is asked, should include the following:
the collection of their data by Chartboost as described in this Privacy Policy, including a link to this Privacy Policy;
that their data will be collected by Chartboost to show ads on customers’ applications, including ads which are based on behavioral targeting (for example: ads for games which are similar to those which they have installed and played before);
the transfer of their data to Chartboost in the US under the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses;
their rights as data subjects, as described in Section 8;
their right to withdraw consent at any time;
their right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
End users of a customer should review that customer’s privacy policies. We also do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other third party, and any website or service that links to or from our Sites or the Online Services. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Chartboost.
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Chartboost is a company based in the United States. In the context of the provision of Online Services, your Personal Data may be transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom to Chartboost in the United States, and to our affiliates and third parties that are based in other countries. Any such transfers will be made on the basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, as may be found at https://ec.europa.eu.
For the transfer of data from other jurisdictions to the United States, Chartboost relies on Your express consent to such transfer, as given on your access and use of Online Services, Online Service Interface and Online Service Apps. Chartboost will make all reasonable efforts to guarantee the same level of security, confidentiality and lawfulness for the processing occurring in the United States as You would have in your own country.
6. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
Chartboost adopts and employs adequate security measures to protect any and all personal data it collects, processes and holds on customers and end users. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to your data will not occur, we make good faith efforts to prevent such occurrences and, should they occur, we will take all the adequate and reasonable steps to eliminate or minimize the effects of such occurrence and to prevent it from happening again. We do not warrant or represent that your account or any of your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
7. COMMUNICATIONS
It is our policy to provide communications, whether such communications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to our customers via e-mail notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our Sites, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our customers.
8. DO NOT TRACK, CALIFORNIA DO NOT SELL MY INFO, AND END USER CHOICES
Because the Sites we operate do not collect or use the type of information that is generally subject to your browser’s “Do Not Track” (DNT) privacy preference, our websites do not look for this signal from your browser. Your DNT settings, however, may affect the third-party services we use. You may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser. You may opt out of interest-based advertisements by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. For iOS mobile devices, go to “Settings” from the device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile devices, go to “Google Settings” on the device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.” You can review https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices for more information regarding how you may opt out via the mobile platform. If you would like to disable the collection of your mobile device geolocation information, you can make this selection on your mobile device. To learn more about interest-based advertising, and to access the opt-outs of certain online advertising companies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/#completed or Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) at https://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You should complete the opt-out process for all devices and browsers you use. If you opt-out of targeted advertising, you will still receive general advertisements.
9. RIGHTS OF EU AND SWISS DATA SUBJECTS
Chartboost recognizes that any individual in the EU, Switzerland or other jurisdictions with similar rules for data protection has the following rights in relation to their information:
The right to obtain, at reasonable intervals and free of charge, confirmation as to what personal data about them are processed by Chartboost
The right to object to processing of personal data about them for direct marketing purposes
The right to have personal data about them rectified, blocked or deleted if the data are incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant, outdated or processed unlawfully
The right to object to processing based on their particular situation
The right to receive the personal data about them which they have provided to Chartboost in a structured and commonly used format and to transmit those data to another controller
The right to obtain information about how their data has been shared with third-parties
The right to revoke consent and have data processed on such basis to be erased.
Online Services Interface tools
. Some of your information can be changed or deleted by following the process provided in the Online Services Account, unless we must keep the information for legitimate business or legal reasons. If you delete certain portions of your information, your account may become deactivated.
Support requests
. If the request you wish to make is not possible through our Online Services Interface tools, you may file a support request by visiting answers.chartboost.com and going to the ‘Contact Us’ page.
Identity verification
. We may request evidence of your identity for verification purposes. We will respond to your request within the applicable statutory term. If an end user exercises any of their rights with you with respect to the processing of their information by us, please use the tools in the Online Services Account to accommodate their request, or, if this is not possible, please visit answers.chartboost.com and go to the ‘Contact Us’ page.
10. RIGHTS OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Customer Data
. The processing of certain personal information about customers that are California residents is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the following rights apply with respect to that data.
Right to know and right to delete
. Customers have a right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about them. Much of the information about categories of data is already included in this privacy policy. Customers also have a right to request that we delete certain personal information we have about them. Customers may make such a “request to know” or “request to delete” their personal information (subject to our verification of your identity and a number of exceptions) by visiting
https://support.chartboost.com/
and going to the ‘Contact Us’ page.
Right to opt out
. Customers have the right to opt out from future “sales” of personal information. To do so, review section 8 of this policy (DO NOT TRACK, CALIFORNIA DO NOT SELL MY INFO, AND END USER CHOICES).
Customer’s End User Data
. We are a service provider as defined by CCPA with respect to personal information we process on behalf of our customers about their respective end users. To understand rights end users have with respect to personal information we process as service providers on behalf of our customers, please visit their respective privacy notices.
11. RETENTION PERIOD
Chartboost retains information about you for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the data, except if required otherwise by law. We may store information for longer periods for complying with our legal and regulatory obligations, to defend Chartboost interests (in case of a dispute), for archiving or statistical purposes in which case we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the information is used solely for this purpose.
12. COMPLAINTS
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy or the way Chartboost processes information about you, you can also lodge a complaint to a competent supervisory authority in your country of residence.
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. Any relevant changes or modifications to this Policy will be notified to You by the posting of a notice on the Sites and, if you are a customer, by either e-mail or other means of communication, as set out in Section 7. If You access the Online Services after the new version of the Policy is published and/or communicated to You, You agree to its new terms; should You disagree with the terms of the new version, You must cease using the Online Services and/or the Online Services Apps. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above.
14. CONTACT
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, or have any concerns about privacy, please contact us at
privacy@chartboost.com
.
Cookie Settings
Sub-policy 7
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Sub-policy 8
https://corp.flipp.com/legal/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Pour la version Française de notre Politique de confidentialité, veuillez visiter
https://corp.flipp.com/legal-politique-de-confidentialite/
. In case of discrepancy between the original English version of this Privacy Policy and the French version, the English version prevails.
PLEASE READ THIS FLIPP OPERATIONS INC. PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) WHICH IS PART OF THE FLIPP OPERATIONS INC. LICENSED APPLICATIONS TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (COLLECTIVELY “TERMS OF USE”) CAREFULLY.  THIS PRIVACY POLICY PERTAINS TO YOUR (“YOU”) ACCESSING AND USING THE FLIPP.COM WEBSITE, THE REEBEE.COM WEBSITE, ANY DOMAIN OWNED & OPERATED BY FLIPP THAT LINKS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THE FLIPP IPHONE/IPAD APP, THE REEBEE IPHONE/IPAD APP, THE FLIPP ANDROID APP, THE REEBEE ANDROID APP, FLIPP SERVICES OFFERED THROUGH THIRD PARTIES, INTERACTIONS BETWEEN USERS, FLIPP, CONSUMER PACKAGED GOODS COMPANIES (“CPGs”), FOODSERVICES COMPANIES, AND RETAILERS IN STORES AND AT THE POINT OF PURCHASE, AND FLIPP SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS INCLUDING ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THESE VARIOUS PLATFORMS (COLLECTIVELY “SERVICE”). ANY REFERENCE TO ‘FLIPP’ OR ‘WE’ OR ‘US’ HEREIN SHALL REFER TO FLIPP OPERATIONS INC. AND/OR ANY OR ALL OF ITS AFFILIATES.
The Service is operated by Flipp Operations Inc. (“We” or “Us”). This Privacy Policy describes the information collected during registration for and through Your use of the Service, how We use it, how We share it, how We protect it, and the choices You can make about Your information. All references throughout this Privacy Policy to “Flipp” shall include all Flipp affiliates, and all services, applications or platforms owned and operated by Flipp and/or such affiliates.
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SERVICE.  DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SERVICE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY IN FULL. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICE. You acknowledge (a) that You have read and understood this Privacy Policy; and (b) this Privacy Policy shall have the same force and effect as a signed agreement.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service shall be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Please review the Privacy Policy each time You use the Service.  BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE MOST RECENT VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY.  If We materially change this Privacy Policy, We’ll let You know by showing it to You again when You access the Service and/or updating the apps.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER OF INFORMATION:
Please note that the Service is hosted in the United States and Flipp is headquartered in Canada, and additionally Flipp uses service providers in the United States, Europe, and Canada.  Therefore, Your information, including any personal information provided pursuant to the Service, may be processed and stored in the United States, Europe, and Canada. As a result, United States or European federal and state governments, Canadian federal or provincial courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of Your information through laws applicable in the United States, Europe, and Canada. Additionally, some of our service providers use subcontractors or service providers outside of these listed jurisdictions, so there are limited instances in which processing and storage of your personal information may occur outside of the United States, Europe, and Canada. Your use of the Service or Your submission of any information to Us will constitute Your consent to the transfer of Your information outside of Your country of residence, which may provide for different data protection rules than in Your country. Please contact Us at
privacy@flipp.com
if You have any questions about how Your information may be processed or stored in the United States, Europe, or Canada.
I. Information We Collect
Consent
As permitted by law, Your consent may be implied by Your use of the Service and Your acceptance of, and agreement to, this Privacy Policy. We may seek consent to use and disclose Your personal information after it has been collected in those cases where We wish to use the information for a new or different purpose where You have not already consented to such a use of Your personal information.
In most cases and subject to legal and contractual restrictions, You are free to refuse or withdraw Your consent at any time upon reasonable, advance notice to privacy@flipp.com. It should be noted that in certain circumstances, the Service can only be offered if you provide Us with Your personal information. Consequently, if You choose not provide Us with the required personal information, we may not be able to offer You the Service.
Information You Provide to Us
We may collect identifiers from You when You register for and use the Service, contact or interact with us, fill out a form, and voluntarily provide Us with Your comments and other content in connection with using the Service.  When calling us, Your telephone number and name may be collected.
When You register on the Website or the Apps, We may collect identifiers including Your name, email address, telephone number, address, IP address, password, and any other information that You provide in the registration process. We may associate commercial information with you including shopping lists, receipts and any other information You provide with Your registered profile.
When You submit a “Contact Us” form, We collect identifiers including Your name, phone number, email address, and any other information You choose to provide to Us.
When You create a support ticket, We collect identifiers including Your email address and any other information You choose to provide to Us.
When You enter contests or respond to promotions, We may collect identifiers and commercial information included in Your entry information such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, age, photo, videos, social account information and any other information You provide.
When You add a loyalty card to your account, redeem a coupon or otherwise interact with a company with which You have a loyalty account, We may collect commercial information and identifiers including Your Loyalty ID and/or Loyalty account number.
When You apply for a job through the Service, We may collect identifiers, education information, and professional or employment-related information including: Your name, email address, telephone number, current employer, social media account links, and any information You provide through Your responses to questions posed or in Your cover letter, resume or otherwise through the Careers/Job Openings section of the Flipp.com Website.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Service
We may automatically collect identifiers, commercial information, audio, electronic, visual, or other similar information, geolocation information, internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from all of the above, regarding each user of our Service, including: Your location, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, NFC (near field communication) or other connection information, network connection information, Internet Protocol (IP) address, telephone number, browser and device information, advertising identifiers, the domain name of Your Internet search provider, the Service features You use, and the time of Your use.  For App users, We may read, modify or delete content on Your device and enable Your device to take pictures or videos (such as to submit a photo of a receipt in connection with claiming a rebate).  We may also collect information about Your access to and use of the Services via third party service providers, as described in the Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising Services, or Functionality on or for Our Service section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may collect information including identifiers, geolocation, and commercial information about You from third party sources including, but not limited to, social media companies, advertising partners, measurement partners, third party websites, retailers, CPGs, and food service companies, and our employment services provider(s). This information includes Your personal information (such as Your address, e-mail address, social media identifiers, device or advertiser IDs, IP address, and customer or account IDs), location data, online activity (including purchase history), and the same types of information we collect when You use the Service through our Website or Apps. Examples of specific partners and the kinds of information we collect can be found in this section.
Social Media
The Website and the Apps provide connections with Facebook, Twitter, Google, Pinterest, and LinkedIn.  If You connect with Facebook through the Service, We receive Your public profile (which includes Your Facebook User ID, Your profile photo, Your public information, and Your friends’ User IDs), Your language, Your country, and whether You are in an age group, for instance, under 18, between 18-20, or 21 and over, and any other information Facebook provides.  We can also access, store, and update the information You share through Facebook.  If You connect with Twitter through the Service, We receive Your Twitter identity (which includes Your Twitter avatar and user name and Your followers’ user names).  We can also access, store, and update the information You share through Twitter.  If You sign in through Google, We receive Your public profile and Your email address.  If you sign in through Pinterest, we receive your public profile information.
Advertising Partners
We may receive information about You from other digital advertising companies with which We work (“Advertising Partners”) to help Us deliver ads to You and recognize You across browsers and devices. This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some companies or third party ad platforms choose to share with us, such as Your “Customer ID” with a company or an identifier associated with a hashed version of Your email address. We may work with these Advertising Partners to synchronize their unique, anonymous identifiers to our own to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.
Flipp works with LiveRamp which allows companies to integrate their customer records with online advertising (also known as CRM onboarding).  We may receive a hashed version of Your information from LiveRamp, to enable better targeted advertising where LiveRamp already possesses Your email address, device ID, or other advertising ID.
Through our marketing automation service provider, Salesforce, we collect information including IP address, operating system, browser, pages visited when You indicate interest in our services through their service.  Information about Salesforce’s  privacy practices is available here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
We also use Zendesk for marketing automation services and through them collect IP address, email, name and pages visited when you contact us through their service. Information about Zendesk’s privacy practices are available here:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/
and here:
https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408837672346-Default-Data-Types-Captured-by-Zendesk-Services
.
Community Engagement
When you participate in our community engagement panel provided in association with Alida, We may receive information about You to assist us with reviewing and responding to any feedback or comments You provide. Alida’s privacy policy is here:
https://www.alida.com/privacy-policy
, and information about their cookie policy and opt-out can be found here:
https://www.alida.com/cookie-policy
.
Third Parties and Partners
When You access the Service through a third party website, such as a retailer or media company, We may receive the same types of information about You as We receive when You use the Service through our website or Apps.
We may also receive information about You from our partners, such as their CRM data about You or transaction information collected at the point of purchase. We may receive Your location information when You enter or are near one of our partners’ stores such as Your device’s GPS, Bluetooth, NFC or other communications signal and information about nearby WiFi networks, cell towers, and other communications infrastructure.
Employment Services
We use Greenhouse for online employment applications. Greenhouse’s privacy policy is available here:
https://www.greenhouse.com/privacy-policy.
We may receive personal information about You from Greenhouse as described in Section III(B) below.
We may combine all of the information We collect from or about You and draw inferences from such information, and further use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
II. How We Use Your Information
We use the information that We collect for several business and commercial purposes, including:
The purposes for which You provided it;
To provide services to You;
To provide user verification services;
To create or update Your account;
To connect with Your social media accounts and post content You choose to share;
To process and respond to Your inquiries and comments;
To send You information about Your relationship or transactions with us;
To develop new products and services;
To personalize and enhance Your experience using the Service;
To personalize and enhance Your shopping experience;
To send notifications through the Apps;
As permitted by law, to send periodic emails. The email address You provide may be used to send You information and updates pertaining to Your account, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.  Note: If at any time You would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, We include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email;
To generate and review reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns;
To compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;
To display relevant advertising and remarketing across websites;
To prevent fraud and abuse of the Service and to otherwise protect users and visitors and our business;
To administer, operate and improve the Service and for internal business purposes;
To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas; and
To perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, personal information We collect may be processed by our partners in providing related services to the Service (such as administration services, technical services relating to the maintenance, servicing, and upgrading of the products, software, hosting services, data migration services and analytical services, among others).
For the purposes of the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(the “
CCPA 2018
“), as amended by the
California Privacy Rights Act of 2020
(the “
CRPA
“, and together with the CCPA 2018, the “
CCPA
“), We collect and use your identifiers, commercial information, and geolocation information for internal business purposes including:
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with the CCPA and other standards;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Performing services to you including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services; and
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Ad Choices / Do Not Share My Personal Information
Flipp may partner with companies to provide you with interest-based or online behavioural advertising in order to serve you with the most relevant content and advertising. To learn more about interest based advertising, or if you would like to opt-out of receiving such ads at participating websites, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website at
http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info
.
III. How Your Information is Disclosed
Information may be disclosed to third parties in accordance with our Privacy Policy, including our service providers and business partners, employment service providers, partners, media companies, and advertising partners. In certain instances and jurisdictions, this disclosure may be deemed to be a sale of your personal information. This information includes Your personal information (such as Your address, e-mail address, social media identifiers, device or advertiser IDs, IP address, and customer or account IDs), location data, and information about Your use of the Service. Examples of specific partners and the kinds of information we disclose can be found in this section. Please note that a user may choose not to share certain information as described in Your Choices Regarding Your Information below, and certain jurisdictions have specific rights that are also called out in Section XIV below.
A. Third Party Service Providers and Business Partners
We may use third party service providers and business partners to perform functions in connection with the Service, such as coupon processing, rebate processing and payment, site analytics, remarketing, and functions related to analyzing and improving the Service usefulness, reliability, user experience, and operation, advertising, storing data, providing users with products and services, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We also may share users’ personal information with advertisers for their direct marketing and promotional purposes and so they can provide services to you. We may use remarketing cookies or pixels from Google and Facebook and share some of your personal information with Facebook and Google for use in advertising. For information on how you can disable these cookies, see Section IIIE below.
We use Alida as our community engagement partner, and we may share some of your personal information and information about your interactions with the Services with Alida if you choose to participate in a community panel. Alida’s privacy policy is
here
, and information about their cookie policy and opt-out can be found
here
.
B. Job Openings
We use a third-party service provider, Greenhouse, to collect information on the Job Openings Page and the storage, sharing, and use of that information is governed by its privacy policy, which you can review
here
.
If you are interested in pursuing career opportunities within the United States or Canada, you can review and apply for job openings listed in an online jobs database. If you elect to proceed, you will be seamlessly linked to a website maintained by Greenhouse, headquartered in New York, U.S. As we are not responsible for the content, data collection or privacy policies of Greenhouse, we urge you to read the privacy and security policies of Greenhouse (see link above) before providing any personal information.
If you choose to apply online for a posted job that is linked to the Greenhouse website, you will be required to provide your name, email address, current employer, a resume, and responses to questions posed on the site. Your responses to these questions will be used in evaluating your qualifications for a position. Please do not include your social security number/social insurance number, credit card or bank account numbers, and non-work related personal information such as eye color, marital status, etc.
At the beginning of the application process, you will be asked to provide your email address. If you do not have an email address, please contact Human Resources at 1-844-204-2900 or
HR@flipp.com
.
The personal information that you submit to Greenhouse while online may be accessed and downloaded by Flipp professionals located in the U.S. and Canada through a secured connection to the Greenhouse database and used for evaluating your qualifications for the job for which you have applied and other jobs that may suit your experience and qualifications. In addition, the provisions of this policy relating to use of information apply to any information that may be accessed or downloaded by Flipp from the Greenhouse database.
You may receive emails from Greenhouse about your application, such as an email thanking you for submitting your resume.
Other than with Greenhouse, we do not share resume or application information with third parties without specific authorization from you.
C. Advertisers
We may share your information with advertisers and their service providers who use our services, including but not limited when you read and interact with an advertiser’s flyer, advertising, coupons or rebates, when you enter or are near an advertiser’s physical location, when you make purchases at an advertiser, and when you use a loyalty or reward program of an advertiser. We do not control the privacy practices of our advertisers or their service providers. Please contact the advertiser directly if you want to learn about its privacy practices or submit any requests.
D. Third Parties that Incorporate our Technology into their own Mobile Applications or Websites
In addition to partners, other companies such as media companies, incorporate our technology into their services. We may share your information with such companies when you interact with the Service.
E. Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising Services, or Functionality on or for Our Service.
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Service may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. Such third parties include:
Advertising Partners, which help Us and our customers provide ads that are tailored to users’ interests and understand how users respond to those ads
Flipp may provide an encrypted version of Your information to its advertising partner LiveRamp, to enable better targeted advertising, attribution and measurement services where LiveRamp already possesses Your email address, device ID, or other advertising ID.  LiveRamp’s privacy policy describes its services and may be accessed here
http://liveramp.com/privacy/
. To opt out of LiveRamp’s advertising services for website browsers, click
http://liveramp.com/opt_out/
To opt out of LiveRamp’s advertising services for mobile devices, click
http://liveramp.com/mobile-opt-out/
We may share your information with affiliate program networks including Amazon, eBay, Impact, and Commission Junction, and the advertisers using such networks, when you interact with content provided through those networks on the Service
Our remarketing providers, Google and Facebook, use cookies and other tracking mechanisms on the Service and allow Us to market our products to You through advertisements on other websites based on Your past interactions with the Service. You can opt out of Google remarketing by downloading and installing Google’s
opt-out browser add-on
(see below).  We may use remarketing cookies and pixels from Facebook and share some of Your personal information with it for use in advertising.  Facebook’s privacy policy is here: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. You can control the information that We receive from Facebook using the ad settings and privacy settings in Your Facebook account
We may deliver advertisements to You. We may work with Advertising Partners that help deliver these advertisements to You. To learn more about third-party online advertising and to opt out of certain types of advertising, please see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Note that clearing cookies from Your browser will remove the above opt-outs because they are stored in cookies
Audience-measurement companies, which help Us measure the overall usage of our Service and compare that usage to other online services
Social networking services (like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google) that may enable You to login to certain of our Services and to share things You find on our Services with Your social network
If You choose to connect with a social networking service, such as Facebook, We may share information with that service, and that service may share information about You with us
Analytics providers, which help Us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about Your use of the Service.  These tools collect information sent by Your device or the Service and other information that assists Us in improving the Service.  This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand Your online activity
We use Google Analytics and other third-party analytics providers to better understand who is using the Service and how people are using it These analytics providers use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to collect and store information such as Website pages visited, places where users click, time spent on each Website page, IP address, type of operating system used, location-based data, device ID, search history, and phone number. We use this information to improve the Website and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Please see
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
for information about how Google Analytics uses this information, visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
for information about the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, and visit
http://www.google.com/settings/ads/
to adjust the settings for Your Google account
We also use Google Analytics and other third-party analytics providers in connection with our Apps. Google Analytics collects and stores information from users of the Apps, such as an identifier that helps Google determine which ads it has served to other mobile applications on Your device, location-based data, IP address, type of operating system used, device ID, application pages visited, and time spent on each application page and in total
We may also participate in certain Google Advertiser features including Demographics and Interest Reporting, Remarketing, and Google Display Network Impression Reporting. These features use third-party cookies and other tracking mechanisms and allow Us to market our products to You through advertisements on other websites.  You can opt out of these Google features by downloading and installing Google’s
opt-out browser add-on
(see above)
Our service providers Braze and Appsflyer collect information about Your device when You use the Service, including Your location, account information (including your e-mail address) and device identifier, in order to assist us with providing You with relevant notifications and provide us with analytics to improve our service. Information about their services, opt-out options, and privacy policies can be found at
https://www.braze.com/privacy/
and
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Our Service incorporates software from, and interacts with, Foursquare Labs, Inc. in order for the Service to provide certain location services and exchange data with Foursquare. Foursquare may collect and use information that identifies you, such as your device type, advertising identifier on your device and device usage information (for example, a date/time stamp and your location when the Service communicates with Foursquare).  All such information is used by Foursquare for its own purposes in accordance with Foursquare’s privacy policy (available at https://foursquare.com/legal/privacy), as updated from time to time. This sharing of these identifiers and geolocation information may be considered a “sale” of data, please see Section XIV “Your State Privacy Rights” for information on how to opt-out of this sale.
F. Cookies and Similar Technologies
These and other third parties may collect or receive information about your use of the Service, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services, which may be used for remarketing and may track users across websites and apps and over time. For instance, Facebook and Google enable us to present users with retargeting advertising on other sites based on users’ previous interaction with the Service. You can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies. But if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all portions of all functionality of the Service.
(a)
Cookies
We use cookies, which are small data files that are saved to your device when you visit our website and use the Service.
(i)
Type of cookies we use
We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie is a temporary file which is only active while you are on the website and is erased once you close your browser. Unlike a session cookie, a persistent cookie is not deleted when you close your browser and will remain on your device indefinitely. We use cookies to identify when you return to our website, save login information (excluding passwords), track usage statistics and store your preferences.
(ii)
Adjusting cookie settings on your browser
By default, most browsers will automatically accept cookies. However, you can disable cookies completely, or be prompted prior to a cookie being loaded, by adjusting your browser’s settings. Consult each individual browser’s “help” feature for more information.
(b)
Web Beacons
Web beacons are small graphic images or other programming code (also known as “web bugs,” “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) used to keep track of your navigation through the website and your electronic communication with us. We may include web beacons in our web pages and email messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to our website, to monitor how users navigate the website, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. Web beacons may be used to collect certain personal information (for example, the email address associated with an email message).
(c)
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is a programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with our website, such as information about the links on which you click. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider. The code is active only while you are connected to our website, and is deactivated or deleted once you disconnect from the website.
G. Business Changes
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, joint venture, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, we may transfer your information to a third party or parties in connection therewith. Specifically, we may disclose information about you to third parties without your consent where we believe that such disclosure is necessary to determine whether to proceed with a prospective business transaction or to complete a transaction in progress, or where the information is necessary to carry on the activity that was the object of the transaction. A “business transaction” includes:
i. the purchase, sale or other acquisition or disposition of an organization or a part of an organization, or any of its assets; ii. the merger or amalgamation of two or more organizations; iii. the making of a loan or provision of other financing to an organization or a part of an organization; iv. the creating of a charge on, or the taking of a security interest in or a security on, any assets or securities of an organization; v. the lease or licensing of any of an organization’s assets; and vi. any other prescribed arrangement between two or more organizations to conduct a business activity.
H. Affiliates
We may also share your information with our affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Our affiliates will be required to maintain that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I. Investigations and Law
We may disclose information about you to third parties without your consent if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to:
Investigate fraud and abuse on the Service;
Take action regarding suspected illegal activities;
Enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or other agreements with us;
Comply with the law or guidance and cooperate with government or law enforcement officials or private parties;
Protect our rights, reputation, safety, and property, or that of users or others;
Respond to claims and legal process (for example, subpoenas); and/or
Protect against legal liability.
Where obliged or permitted to disclose information without consent, we will not disclose more information than is required.
K. Aggregated Information
We may share aggregated information relating to users of the Service with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties. This aggregated information does not contain personal information about any user.
IV. Security
We implement a variety of physical, procedural and technical security measures with respect to our offices and information storage systems and facilities to protect the safety and prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access to, disclosure, or modification of Your personal information when You enter, submit, or access Your personal information.  We further protect Your personal information by restricting access to it to those employees that require access to the information in order that We may provide the Service.
Please keep Your account and device passwords secure to help ensure the safety of Your personal information.
While We take reasonable measures to protect the information You submit via the Service against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. No Internet, email, or mobile application transmission is ever fully secure or error free.  Email or other messages sent through the Service may not be secure. You should use caution whenever submitting information through the Service and take special care in deciding with which information You provide us.
We cannot guarantee that transmissions of Your personal information will be fully secure and that third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or the security measures of our partners.  WE ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION DUE TO TRANSMISSION ERRORS, THIRD-PARTY ACCESS OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
V. Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Your information for as long as You use the Service and for a reasonable time thereafter. The length of time we retain information varies, depending on the purpose for which it was collected and the nature of the information. Please note that some or all of the information We have collected may be required in order for the Service to function properly.
When Your personal information is no longer required for Our purposes, we have procedures to destroy, delete, erase or convert it into an anonymous form.
VI. Links to Other Websites or Applications
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service. The Service may contain links to other websites or apps or may forward users to other websites or apps that We may not own or operate. The links from the Service do not imply that We endorse or have reviewed these websites or apps. The policies and procedures We describe here do not apply to these websites or apps. WE NEITHER CAN CONTROL NOR GUARANTEE, REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE PRIVACY PRACTICES, CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED IN SUCH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR APPS IS ACCURATE, LEGAL, NON-INFRINGING OR INOFFENSIVE, OR THAT SUCH WEBSITES DO NOT CONTAIN VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS CODE OR WILL NOT OTHERWISE AFFECT YOUR COMPUTER. BY USING THE SERVICE TO LINK TO A THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE OR APP, YOU AGREE AND UNDERSTAND THAT WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF, OR RELIANCE ON, THE SERVICE TO LINK TO A THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE OR APP.
We suggest contacting these websites or app providers directly for information on their privacy policies. Nonetheless, We seek to protect the integrity of our Service, and welcome any feedback about these linked websites and mobile applications.
When You connect with Facebook, Google, Pinterest, and Twitter through the service, Facebook, Google, Pinterest, and Twitter may provide Us with information as described in Section I above.
VII. Access to and Correction of Your Information and Withdrawal of Consent
We permit the reasonable right of access and review of Your personal information held by us and will endeavour to provide the information to You within a reasonable time. Flipp may refuse access or Your right of access may be limited in accordance with exceptions to access required or permitted by law. To guard against fraudulent requests for access, we may require sufficient information to allow us to confirm that the person making the request is authorized to do so before granting access or making corrections.
We do not routinely update Your personal information but will amend or delete Your personal information when You have indicated to us that it is inaccurate or incomplete.
You can withdraw Your consent to Our use of Your personal information at any time. Withdrawal of consent does not operate retroactively and may affect Your ability to use our Services.
VIII. Your Choices Regarding Your Information
You have choices regarding the use of information by the Service.
Changing Your Information
.
To change Your information, please update Your settings on Your mobile device or contact Us at
privacy@flipp.com
.
Closing Your Account
.
You may close Your account by contacting Us at
privacy@flipp.com
.  If the email account associated with Your email address is not active, We may close Your account without notice.
Email Communications
.
You can make changes regarding receiving email communications from Us by contacting Us at
privacy@flipp.com
.
Push Notifications/Alerts
.
With Your consent, We may send push notifications or alerts to Your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings within our mobile application(s) or by uninstalling our application(s) from Your device.
Social Networking
.
You should make sure You are comfortable with the information that a third party social networking service may make available to Us by carefully reviewing the service’s privacy policy and terms and conditions and by modifying Your privacy settings directly on that service.
Location Information
.
We currently use location information in connection with our Apps.  You can disable location information, but if You do so, Your experience on the Service will not be as customized and some features may not work.  If You initially consented to Our collection of location information, You can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by following the standard uninstall process to remove our Apps from Your device. Additionally, if You consented to the collection of location data on our website, or on our partners’ websites, and wish to withdraw that consent, You can adjust the settings in Your Internet browser.
Opt-Outs Available from Our Partners
.
Some of our partners allow users to opt-out of their collection of information.  See Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising Services, or Functionality on or for Our Service section above for details.
IX. Information Collected From Other Websites and Mobile Applications and Do Not Track Policy
Through cookies We place on Your browser or device, We and our partners may collect information about Your online activity after You leave the Service. Just like any other usage information We collect, this information allows Us to improve the Service and customize Your online experience, and otherwise as described in this privacy policy. Your browser may offer You a “Do Not Track” option, which allows You to signal to operators of websites and mobile applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that You do not wish such operators to track certain of Your online activities over time and/or across different websites and mobile applications and services. The Service does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that We collect information about Your online activity both while You are using the Service and after You leave the Service.
X. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from an individual under age 16.  If You are under the age of 16, please do not submit any personal information through the Service.  If You have reason to believe that We may have accidentally received personal information from an individual under age 16, please contact Us immediately at
privacy@flipp.com
.
XI. Terms and Conditions
Please also visit the Flipp Terms of Use (also applicable to the reebee App and any other aspect of the Service) at
https://corp.flipp.com/terms
which states the terms, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing Your use of the Service.
XII. Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time.  Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before You provide any information. This Privacy Policy was made effective on the date indicated below.
XIII. Resolving Your Privacy Concerns
In the event of questions about: (i) access to Your personal information;  (ii) our collection, use, management or disclosure of personal information or Your withdrawal of consent; or (iii) this Policy; please contact Us by e-mail privacy@flipp.com or by writing Us at 350-3250 Bloor Street West, East Tower, Bloor Islington Place, Toronto, ON M8X 2X9. We will investigate all complaints and if a complaint is justified, we will take all reasonable steps to resolve the issue.
XIV. Your State Privacy Rights
Consumers have certain rights with respect to the collection and use of their personal information. Those rights vary by state. We provide detailed information below regarding the data subject rights available to consumers. Consumers can find more detail below and by referencing the applicable statute in their respective states.
Certain states require that we permit residents to request from a business, with whom the resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.  Consumers may make one request each year by emailing Us at privacy@flipp.com or writing Us at 350-3250 Bloor Street West, East Tower, Bloor Islington Place, Toronto, ON M8X 2X9.
Consumers also have the right to request that we (a) delete all personal information; (b) provide a copy of all personal information we collected; or (c) opt them out of any sale of their personal information (see:
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
). If you would like to exercise one of these rights, please fill out the form found
HERE
(also available from within the Flipp mobile application), or reach out to
ccparequests@flipp.com
(for California residents) or privacy@flipp.com for assistance. Consumers can also opt out of the sharing of their personal information by visiting the links provided above under the Ad Choices / Do Not Share My Personal Information heading. Please note that certain consumers may also have the right to appeal a decision we make about their data subject requests. If appeal rights apply to you and you choose to appeal a decision, please email privacy@flipp.com stating in the subject line that your request is an “Appeal” and describing, in the body of the email, the date and nature of your original request.
Consumers can
Limit the Use of Their Sensitive Personal Information
by opening the ‘Settings’ page on the Flipp or reebee application and tapping the icon under ‘Location’ to turn off precise geolocation tracking.
You shall not be discriminated against as a result of your choice to exercise these rights, however certain account and personalization functionality may be lost as a result of your request to delete your information or opt-out of sale of your information.
In accordance with applicable law, we are required to verify your identity before processing a request for deletion or request for information. We will attempt to do so based on your account information (where applicable) and the information you provide when submitting the request, however there may be instances where we do not have sufficient personal information about you in order to reasonably verify your identity. In such cases, we will let you know and treat a request for deletion as a do not sell request, as required by applicable law.
For information on the number of CCPA requests received by Flipp, please see HERE.
XV. Your Quebec Privacy Rights
For residents in Quebec, you can contact Our Privacy Officer by emailing privacy@flipp.com, using the subject line “Quebec Privacy Matter”.
Last updated May 29, 2024
Sub-policy 9
https://www.digitalturbine.com/fyber-services-privacy-statement/:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 10
https://support.google.com/admanager/answer/10075997:
Skip to main content
About Privacy & messaging
This article describes Google's Privacy & messaging tool, a comprehensive solution for managing user privacy choices and monetizing content. The tool allows publishers to create and manage user messages, including consent requests and opt-out options, in compliance with regulations like GDPR and US state privacy laws.
Google has a long history of taking a user-first approach in everything we do. As a part of our commitment to users, we
never sell personal information
and give users transparency and control over their ad experiences via tools like
My Account
,
Why this Ad
, and
Mute this Ad
. We also invest in initiatives such as the
Coalition for Better Ads
, the
Digital News Initiative
, the
Google News Initiative
and
ads.txt
in order to support a healthy, sustainable ads ecosystem and help you, our publishers, grow.
As part of this effort, we’ve developed an integrated Privacy & messaging tool to help you manage privacy choices and monetize your content. Use the controls on the Privacy & messaging page to manage the settings for various privacy regulations. Optionally, use the messaging features to create and manage the messages you use to obtain consent from your users. Draft new messages, display them to users, and measure user engagement to understand how users are interacting with the consent messages you've created.
Use Privacy & messaging to create
user messages
—messages you create and display to users on your site or app. User messages present users with information about your request and different choices depending on the message type and settings you’ve selected. Privacy & messaging can help you communicate with users to gather consent or opt-out requests, as required by regulations like the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and US state privacy laws, or recover lost revenue from ad blocking users.
There are several
types of user messages
and each message type is designed to help you streamline a particular process.
This article will help you understand the tools available in Privacy & messaging.
Get started
Settings
Messages
Supported languages
Test your messages
Reporting
API
Get started
Sign in to your Ad Manager account and click
Privacy & messaging
in the Ad Manager sidebar.
Settings
Use the settings in Privacy & messaging to manage account-level privacy and message settings:
Privacy regulations settings
: On the "Settings" tab for each privacy regulation, you can manage the account-level settings related to that specific regulation, including the types of ads you want to serve and the ad partners you want to use. These settings were previously located on other pages in your account.
Message settings
: You can also manage account-level message settings on the "Settings" tab if you have chosen to use Privacy & messaging to create and manage user messages. The first time you create a new message for a particular message type, you may be asked to review key account settings.
To access and adjust message settings, click
Privacy & messaging
, then click
on one of the message type cards.
Learn more about the message settings available in Privacy & messaging:
European regulations settings
US state regulations settings
Ad blocking recovery tagging settings
Messages
The messages list displays the draft and published messages you’ve created. It includes their current status, how many sites and apps they’re associated with, and the languages in which they’re available. Draft new messages, display them to users, and measure user engagement with the messages you’re currently displaying.
To access the messages list, click
Privacy & messaging
. Click
Manage
on one of the message type cards on the Privacy & messaging page.
If you have a combination of Ad Manager, AdSense, and AdMob accounts, changes to messages in one account will affect your other accounts. Learn
how your messages work across the platforms
.
Supported languages
You can create messages in a variety of languages. The language your message is displayed in is determined at serving based on the language setting on the user’s device.
Languages supported for European regulations messages
Bulgarian
Catalan
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English (US)
English (UK)
Estonian
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Icelandic
Italian
Japanese
Latvian
Lithuanian
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese (Portugal)
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish
Turkish
Languages supported for US state regulations messages
English (US)
Spanish
Spanish (Latin America)
Languages supported for IDFA messages
Arabic
Bangla
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English (UK)
English (US)
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lithuanian
Marathi
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Romanian
Russian
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Spanish (Latin America)
Swedish
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Languages supported for ad blocking recovery messages
Arabic
Bangla
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English (UK)
English (US)
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
German (Switzerland)
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lithuanian
Marathi
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Romanian
Russian
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Spanish (Latin America)
Swedish
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Languages supported for Offerwall messages
Arabic
Bangla
Bulgarian
Chinese (Simplified)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English (UK)
English (US)
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
German
German (Switzerland)
Greek
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lithuanian
Marathi
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese (Brazil)
Portuguese (Portugal)
Romanian
Russian
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Spanish (Latin America)
Swedish
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Test your messages
Apps
: For European regulations messages, use the Google User Messaging Platform (UMP) SDK to test your app's behavior as though the device was located in the EEA or UK. Learn more about
geographical testing for the UMP SDK on Google Developers
.
Sites
: Test a message by appending the testing parameters to the URL of a site tagged to display messages using a Google Publisher Tags (GPT) ad tag. To test a message:
Site message testing instructions and parameters
Publish one or more messages to your site pages.
Navigate to the site page on which you want to test the message.
In your browser’s address bar, append the query parameters to the page URL:
Parameter
What it does
Example
?fc=alwaysshow
Displays the published message. Ignores region.
http://www.example.com/
sports.html
?fc=alwaysshow
?fc=alwaysshow&
fctype=gdpr
Displays the European regulations message that is currently published for your site. Ignores region.
http://www.example.com/
sports.html
?fc=alwaysshow&fctype=gdpr
?fc=alwaysshow&
fctype=ccpa
Displays the US state regulations message that is currently published for your site. Ignores region.
http://www.example.com/
sports.html
?fc=alwaysshow&fctype=ccpa
?fc=alwaysshow&
fctype=ab
Displays the ad blocking recovery message that is currently published for your site. Ignores ad block detection.
http://www.example.com/
sports.html
?fc=alwaysshow&fctype=ab
?fc=alwaysshow&
fctype=monetization
Displays the Offerwall message that is currently published for your site.
Note that this only works if there is nothing preventing the Offerwall from showing such as an active page exclusion.
Find more details in the
Offerwall troubleshooting guide
.
http://www.example.com/
sports.html
?
fc=alwaysshow&
fctype=monetization
When testing your messages, keep the following in mind:
The purpose of the query parameters is to preview the “look and feel” of the message as displayed on the selected site page. For example, after viewing a message on your site’s page, you may decide to go back and make changes to the colors, fonts, or language of the message.
In order for the query parameter to display the message, the message you're testing needs to be published to your site and the GPT ad tag needs to be located on the page.
We suggest testing the message in a browser that clears cookies, such as Chrome in incognito mode.
Use
?fc=alwaysshow
if only one type of user message is published for your site. Use the other testing parameters if you want to test a specific type of message.
Learn more about
testing and debugging user messages on your site at Google Developers
(English)
Reporting
You can use the
Privacy & messaging report
in Ad Manager to report on the full range of available metrics.
Privacy & messaging API
The
Privacy & messaging API
provides a library to interact with the Google consent management tool. The API has general functionality, but also functionality specific to consent gathering. It can:
Suppress the Google consent management message for any given user
Query the ad blocking status of a user
Allow a user to revoke consent (if applicable)
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Overview
1 of 6
About Privacy & messaging
2 of 6
Guidelines for using Privacy & messaging
3 of 6
Available user message types
4 of 6
Add sites and apps
5 of 6
Using Privacy & messaging across Ad Manager, AdMob, & AdSense
6 of 6
Remove a site's host in Privacy & messaging
Release notes
Read about the latest Ad Manager features and Help Center updates.
See what's new
14482562681498142321
true
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Community
Google Ad Manager
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
true
true
148
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 11
https://gumgum.com/terms-and-policies/privacy-policy:
📼
Maximize Impact with Perfectly Placed Video
Get Started
Maximize Impact with Perfectly Placed Video
Get Started
Solutions
The GumGum Platform™
Contextual
GumGum's Contextual Intelligence Platform
Attention
Maximize Ad Relevance & Performance with Attention Metrics
Creative
GumGum's Full Product Suite and Contextual Offerings
The Mindset Graph™
Find Relevant, Untapped Audiences for Your Brand
BY CUSTOMER TYPE
Advertisers
Resources and Support to Amplify Media Strategies
Publishers
Resources and Support to Unlock Targetable Inventory
Platforms & Partners
Media Partnerships and Product Integrations
By Solution Type
OLV Advertising
Video That's Perfectly Place to Resonate
Connected TV Advertising / In-Video
Grow Your Audience With Connected TV (CTV) Advertising
GumGum's Exchange
Enriched with Brand Safety in Every Impression
In-Game Advertising
Expand Your Reach With In-Game Advertising
Creative Gallery
Advertisers Gallery
A Comprehensive Guide to GumGum's Ad Units for Advertisers
Publishers Gallery
A Comprehensive Guide to GumGum's Ad Units for Publishers
New Ad Unit: Hang Time -
Designed to grab attention and drive awareness through engagement.
Learn More  →
Insights
GUMGUM library
GumGum Blog
Articles, Culture and Events from GumGum
Research & Guides
Third-party Testing, Analysis and Studies to Prove the Power of Contextual Advertising
Case Studies
Client Campaign Recaps and Success Stories
Webinars
Agency Conferences, Leadership Panels and Talk Series
Contextual Pioneers
GumGum's Client Video Series and Interviews
View More →
GUMGUM community
Tech Blog
All the Latest from GumGum's Tech Team
Culture Blog
All the Latest about Life at GumGum
The VOICE
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur.
About
About Us
The Vision, Mission and History of GumGum.
Mission & Values
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
Leadership
Meet GumGum's Executive Team
Careers
we're hiring
Lead the industry with us. Join our global team.
Newsroom
GumGum in the News and Media
Engineering @ GumGum
Explore the Engineering Team's Programs, News and Research
Culture @ GumGum
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging
GumGum's Work to Create a Culture of Inclusivity
We're Hiring!
Apply Here to Work with Us - We're Hiring for Remote & In-Person Roles Based in Multiple Global Regions
Apply Now →
Contact
Login
Privacy Policy
September 2, 2022
Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Opt-Out
Prohibited Content Policy for Buyers and Sellers
Acceptable Use
DMCA
Terms
Clients DPA
Vendor DPA
Publisher Terms of Service
GumGum Japan
Japan Policies & Terms
Archives
Archives
JustPremium
JustPremium Policy & Terms
OUR PRIVACY PHILOSOPHY
Thanks for visiting our website and using our services! GumGum is committed to providing you with meaningful information and making sure you know your rights when it comes to any information you share with us. We want you to know that we are a “Privacy Forward” company and that we embrace protecting consumer privacy. Our goal is to be transparent about the data we collect, whether directly or through our partners, and inform you about how your data is (or is not) used, so that you can exercise your right to control the use of your personal data.
‍
‍
‍
ABOUT US & OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when you visit the website
https://www.gumgum.com
and when you access our services (collectively, our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website and through our services.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through any mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this Privacy Policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by GumGum or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
When we say “GumGum,” “we,” or “us” in this Privacy Policy, we mean the GumGum entity that acts as the controller or processor of your information. A controller is the individual or entity which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data. A processor is the individual or entity which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
This Privacy Policy is also relevant for any European Economic Area (“EEA”), Swiss, UK, or California resident sharing his/her personal data directly or indirectly with GumGum and is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
Please also refer to the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this Privacy Policy.
‍
‍
‍
‍
DID YOU RECEIVE AN AD FROM US?
First, you’ll be happy to know that GumGum doesn’t know who you are! We don’t know your name, the names of your family or friends, yours or their phone number, home address, exact location - nothing! So, then you may be wondering how is it that you keep receiving ads that seem to be “targeting” you? Well, let us explain. GumGum serves advertisements contextually – meaning, we only use images and text to serve ads relevant to you based on your browsing habits. We have no idea who you are, only that you enjoy shopping for sneakers!
How do we do it? Well, everyone has heard of cookies. No; not the chocolate chip or peanut butter variety but the small text files sent by us to your computer or mobile device that enables GumGum features and functionalities that are unique to your account or your browser. To find out more about cookies, visit
this site
.
For advertising, cookies help GumGum to:
Understand your online behaviors as you go from one site to another so that we can show you more relevant ads (and not a bunch of ads that you don’t have any interest in);
Know if you have interacted with or viewed a particular ad; and/or
Synchronize audience data between advertising buyers and sellers. Basically, the cookies allow buyers and sellers to communicate about what you like. So, if you’ve frequented sneaker sites, a sneaker company can build a profile about you based on your computer or mobile device’s behavior. GumGum then uses the cookie to say to the buyer, “Hey buyer, this device is browsing a site and probably likes sneakers, do you want to buy that ad space for a sneaker ad?” The buyer will, in turn, either buy the space to serve you a sneaker ad or not. This process is called syncing and helps ads get served to you so that you can hopefully get a deal for those awesome sneakers!
As you see, we do not in any way collect any of your personal data or information. We really don’t want it. We just want to keep serving ads to you based on things you’re already shopping for!
‍
‍
TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
Did we mention we are transparent? The table below explains exactly what kind of data we collect. We use the data to:
Identify you when you visit our websites or access our platforms
Perform under a contract
Provide the products and services you request
Improve our services and product offerings
Conduct statistical performance analysis
Respond to your inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests
Internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationship with you
‍
Categories
Types of Data and Purpose for Collection
Account Registration
For clients, we may collect your name, company name, email, phone number, and contact information when you create an account (user ID, password, access level, etc.) or sign-up for our services.
Employment
If you apply for a job posting or become an employee, we may collect personal information necessary to process your application. This may include your name, email, postal address, phone number, or your tax identification number.
Feedback & Support
If you provide us feedback, require technical support or if you contact us for other assistance, we will collect your name and email address and possibly other personal information, as well as any other content you send to us in order to reply.
Financial Data
To fulfill our obligations pursuant to our contract with you or your business, we may collect your bank account/payment detail in satisfaction of payment.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists, we may collect your email address and/or postal address.
Marketing & Communications
We may collect information about (1) how you use our website, products and services, including testimonials, (2) your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and (3) your communication preferences.
Mobile Devices
We may collect information from your mobile device, such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device or hardware and software specifications. We may also ask you if you would like to share your location information from your mobile device.
Sports MVC (GumGum Sports only)
We collect and store public data that is collected, processed and shared in our platform, which is not deemed personal information and therefore excluded under certain privacy laws like CCPA.
Technical User Data
We may collect your IP address, IP browser user agent and other browser information, such as browser location data received from GPS coordinates, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you.
Third-Party Tracking
We participate in behavior-based advertising. This means that a third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. That advertising may appear either on our websites or on other websites (e.g., social media platforms, search engines). You can opt-out of receiving behavior-based advertising by going to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance websites.
‍
‍
‍
‍
OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
For both our Advertising and Sports lines of business, we also collect, use and share aggregated data (e.g., statistical or demographic data). In Advertising, though this aggregated data may be derived from your personal information, it is not considered personal information under the law because this information does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. If, however, we happen to combine or connect aggregated data with your personal information so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal information, which will be used strictly in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
‍
‍
‍
‍
OPTING OUT
You can always ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing message, even if you gave your consent previously. Just log into the website and check or uncheck relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or you can click the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you, or click here:
Exercise Your Rights
.
Opting out of receiving marketing messages does not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or experience or other transactions.
‍
‍
‍
‍
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal information for the purposes it was collected, unless we reasonably determine that we need to use it for another purpose that is compatible with the original. If you want to know how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please
Contact Us
.
‍
‍
‍
‍
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE DO NOT COLLECT
Special Categories.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, which includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric information.
Age Restrictions/Limitations.
GumGum does not knowingly permit the use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 18 years old. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please
Contact Us
and we will take immediate action to delete such information.
‍
‍
‍
‍
‍
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect information from and about you, including:
Direct interactions.
You (on behalf of a business or as an individual) may give us personal information by registering for one of our Service dashboards or platforms, completing online forms, or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. Examples of the types of Services or online correspondence you may provide such personal information may include:
Sign-up for our products or services;
Create an account on our website or platform;
Subscribe to our service or publications;
Request marketing materials be sent to you;
Enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
Give us feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
‍
‍
‍
ABOUT COOKIES
GumGum is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. As such, if you are interested understanding or learning more about tailored browser advertising and how you can best control cookies from being put on your device, please visit
NAI Consumer Opt-Out
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Consumer Opt-Out
. Here you can opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from businesses that participate in those programs.
You can also set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our or our partner website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see
OUR COOKIE POLICY
.
We retain information collected for tailored advertising purposes for up to 12 months from the date of its collection, unless you reset your device or clear your cache or cookies referred to above.
If we need to keep your information for longer than 12 months for reporting, accounting, regulatory or legal reasons, then we will retain it only for as long as necessary under the applicable laws, policies or agreement and will use the information only for the purposes for which it was retained.
‍
‍
‍
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
Our website or platforms may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share personal information about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
We may engage third parties as service providers or business partners to process other information and support our business or services that we provide pursuant to our obligations under a written agreement. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services.
We require all third parties with whom we work to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
‍
Internal Third-Party Disclosures
Current and future corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control) are joint controllers or processors who provide technology and system administration services;
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets;
To the extent permitted by applicable law, in addition to our websites, applications and other digital channels, we may also obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms and other third parties; or
Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them.
‍
External Third-Party Disclosures
Service providers acting as processors who provide technology, fraud prevention, and system administration support services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Other disclosures with or without your Consent. We may disclose your personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your personal information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies.
‍
‍
‍
‍
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate technical and organizational security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used, accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. They will only process your personal information on our instructions.
We have procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach. If we are required by law to tell you about any unauthorized access of your personal information, we may notify you in writing or by telephone. We will also notify any applicable regulator of a breach that we are legally required to. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is fully secure so, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. But rest assured, we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Some of our websites permit you to create an account, which requires you to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for any access to or use of your account by someone else with your password, whether or not it has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
‍
‍
‍
HOW LONG WILL WE HOLD PERSONAL DATA?
We only keep your personal information for as long as we need it to fulfill business purposes while fulfilling our obligations pursuant to a contract, as permitted by law, and/or in satisfying any legal, accounting, or other regulatory reporting requirements.
When we decide how long to keep your personal information, we consider (1) the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, (2) the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, (3) the purposes of processing your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and (4) the applicable legal requirements – all with a commitment to make sure your rights are not any less protected regardless thereof.
‍
‍
‍
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
If you are internationally located, including the European Union, we may share your personal information with other GumGum entities outside of your country, like the United States. Some of our external third parties are global and based outside of the EEA so their processing of your personal information may involve a transfer of data outside the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland.
Whenever we transfer your personal information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we make sure a similar degree of protection is afforded to you by ensuring we use specific contracts approved by the European Commission that give personal information the same protection it has in Europe.
‍
‍
‍
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), UK AND SWISS RESIDENTS: YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
If you are an EEA, UK or Swiss resident, you have the right to access, rectify, download, or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances. We describe these rights below:
‍
‍
Access
You can access your personal data by submitting a data subject access request. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. You may also request to correct any incomplete or inaccurate personal data that we hold about you. However, we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
‍
‍
Rectify/Restrict/Limit/Remove
You have the right to ask us to rectify, restrict, limit, or remove the processing of your personal data where (1) there is no good reason for us to continue processing it, (2) we may have processed information inaccurately, unlawfully or (3) we were required to erase for compliance with local law. Note that we may not always be able to comply with your request to erase for specific legal reasons, which will be notified to you at the time of your request.
You may also request the transfer of your personal data to a third party, in which we will provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This right only applies to automated information that you previously consented for us to use and/or used to perform a contract with you.
‍
‍
Object/Withdraw
You may object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances when relying on a legitimate interest of yours or of a third party that you feel impedes on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information, which overrides your rights and freedoms.
You may also withdraw consent to processing your personal data at any time. This does affect the lawfulness of any processing we have done prior to your consent withdrawal, and we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you after your consent withdrawal. We will notify you if this is the case at the time of your consent withdrawal.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
dataprivacy@gumgum.com
.
‍
‍
No Charge/Fees (in most cases)
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, or we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
‍
‍
What We May Need from You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any other right). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
‍
‍
Time Limit to Respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty (30) days. Occasionally, however, it may take us longer to process your request if it is particularly complex and/or if you have made multiple requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated on the status of your request(s).
‍
‍
Your Right to File a Complaint
If you are based in the European Union, you also have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local regulator for data protection matters. We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you approach the regulator so, please contact us in the first instance.
If you are based in the UK, you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)—the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues
ICO UK
.
‍
‍
United Kingdom
‍
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Phone: +44 (0) 0303 123 1113
Email:
icocasework@ico.org.uk
‍
If you are based in the EU, you can make a complaint to the data protection authority at:
Netherlands
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Bezuidenhoutseweg 30
P.O. Box 93374
2509 AJ Den Haag/The Hague
Tel. +31 70 888 8500
Fax +31 70 888 8501
Website:
https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/
Member:
Mr Aleid Wolfsen
- Chairman of the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
‍
‍
To contact GumGum with any questions or concerns, please contact us at:
UNITED KINGDOM
GumGum UK Limited
WeWork Building
138 Holborn
London, UK EC1N2SW, GB
Company Number: 09922859
Email:
Global Compliance Officer
Phone: 1-310-260-9666
‍
EU
Stationsplein – NO 410
Constellation Building
1117CL Schiphol
The Netherlands
‍
‍
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
GumGum, Inc.
Data Protection Officer
1314 7th Street, 4th Floor
Santa Monica, CA 90401
Email:
Global Compliance Officer
Phone: 1-310-260-9666
‍
‍
‍
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: CCPA DISCLOSURES
The CCPA requires businesses that are subject to this law to provide consumers who reside in California with certain rights with respect to their personal information.
As a California resident and within 45 days, GumGum will respond to your right to:
Request a copy of the specific personal information collected about you during the 12 months before your request (a “personal information request”);
Have such information deleted (with exceptions);
Request that your personal information not be sold to third parties, if applicable; and
Not to be discriminated against because you have exercised any of these rights.
Should you choose to exercise any of your rights above, CCPA allows consumers to make a personal information request no more than twice in a 12-month period and that business will need to collect information from the requesting party so that It can verify a Consumer’s identity. However, because GumGum collects very limited personal data that is further pseudo-anonymized, most times we will not be able to provide you with copies of specific personal information or delete same.
‍
‍
‍
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER RIGHTS – DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
‍
For California Residents Only:
GumGum provides two ways to exercise your rights: Compete the form at
DO NOT SELL
or call 866-I-OPT-OUT and enter service code 319 when prompted. To assure a timely and accurate response, we kindly ask that you contact us by selecting only one of these methods.
‍
‍
‍
‍
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
GumGum may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, GumGum will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services.
‍
‍
‍
‍
CONTACT GUMGUM
Questions or concerns about this policy, please email us at:
dataprivacy@gumgum.com
.
‍
‍
GLOSSARY
Ad Delivery and Reporting (ADR)
is separate and distinct from Personalized Advertising, and means the collection or use of data about a browser or device for the purpose of delivering ads or providing advertising-related services, including, but not limited to: providing a specific advertisement based on a particular type of browser, device, or time of day; statistical reporting, traffic analysis, analytics, optimization of ad placement; ad performance, reach, and frequency metrics (e.g., frequency capping); security and fraud prevention; billing; and logging the number and type of ads served on a particular day to a particular website, application, or device.
‍
Applicable Laws
means laws, rules, directives, regulations issued or enacted by any government entity (including any domestic or foreign, supra-national, state, county, municipal, local, territorial or other government, which includes to the extent applicable, Directive 95/46/EC, Directive 2002/58/EC, European Commission decisions and guidance) each as transposed into domestic legislation of each Member State or other country and as amended, replaced or superseded from time to time, including by the GDPR and laws implementing or supplementing the GDPR, and any industry self-regulatory principles that are applicable in the location or region where the Services are provided or received, related to the Processing of Personal Data or the interception, recording or monitoring of communications.
‍
CCPA
means Assembly Bill 375 of the California House of Representatives, an act to add Title 1.81.5 (commencing with Section 1798.100) to Part 4 of Division 3 of the Civil Code, relating to privacy and approved by the California Governor on June 28, 2018 (California Consumer Protection Act, “CCPA”).
‍
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
‍
Cross-App Advertising
is the collection of data across applications owned or operated by different entities on a particular device for the purpose of delivering advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected.
‍
Cross-Device Linking
is the practice of linking two or more devices or browsers used or likely used by the same user, for advertising purposes.
‍
De-Identified Data
is data that is not linked or intended to be linked to an individual, browser, or device.
‍
Device-Identifiable Information (DII)
Formerly referred to as “Non-PII,” Device-Identifiable Information (DII) is any data that is linked to a particular browser or device if that data is not used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual. DII may include, but is not limited to, unique identifiers associated with browsers or devices, such as cookie identifiers or advertising identifiers, and IP addresses, where such data is not linked or intended to be linked to PII. DII includes data that is linked to a series of browsers or devices linked through Cross-Device Linking, if that data is not used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual. DII does not include De- Identified Data.
‍
EU Model Clauses
means the standard contractual clauses approved by European Commission on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of Personal Data to Processors or Controllers established in third countries (but which shall exclude any contractual clauses designated by the European Commission as optional in that decision), as amended or replaced from time to time by the European Commission.
‍
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
means Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC; The terms, “Controller”, “Processor” “Data Subject”, “Member State”, “Personal Data” or “Data”, “Personal Data Breach”, and “Processing”, and “Supervisory Authorities” shall have the same meaning as in the GDPR, and their cognate terms shall be construed accordingly.
‍
Interested Party
means the party to the Main Agreement and on whose behalf GumGum processes the Personal Data of Interested Party or of Interested Party’s clients, whether received from Data Subjects/Consumers, third parties or Interested Party.
‍
Interest-Based Advertising
means the collection of data across web domains owned or operated by different entities for the purpose of delivering advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected.
‍
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted by law).
‍
Main Agreement
means the agreement between the Interested Party and GumGum whereby GumGum provides the Services and, in connection with the supply of such Services, engages in the processing of Personal Data of Data Subjects on behalf of Data Controller.
‍
Opt-In Consent
Opt-In Consent is an affirmative action taken by an individual that manifests the intent to opt in.
‍
Opt-Out Mechanism
is an easy-to-use mechanism by which individuals may exercise choice to disallow Personalized Advertising with respect to a particular browser or device.
‍
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
‍
Personal Directory Data
is calendar, address book, phone/text log, or photo/video data (including any associated metadata), or similar data created by a user that is stored on or accessed through a device.
‍
Personalized Advertising
is a collective term for Interest-Based Advertising, Cross-App Advertising, and Retargeting, as well as any combination of these practices.
‍
Personally-Identifiable Information (PII)
is any information used, or intended to be used, to identify a particular individual, including name, address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, and government-issued identifier.
‍
Precise Location Data
is information that describes the precise geographic location of a device derived through any technology that is capable of determining with reasonable specificity the actual physical location of an individual or device, such as GPS-level latitude-longitude coordinates or location-based Wi-Fi triangulation.
‍
Retargeting
is the practice of collecting data about a browser’s or device’s activity in one unaffiliated web domain or application for the purpose of delivering an advertisement based on that data in a different, unaffiliated web domain or application.
‍
Sensitive Data
means and includes:
Social Security Numbers or other government-issued identifiers;
Insurance plan numbers;
Financial account numbers;
Information about any past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments, including genetic, genomic, and family medical history based on, obtained or derived from pharmaceutical prescriptions or medical records, or similar health or medical sources that provide actual knowledge of a condition or treatment (the source is sensitive);
Information, including inferences, about sensitive health or medical conditions or treatments, including but not limited to, all types of cancer, mental health-related conditions, and sexually transmitted diseases (the condition or treatment is sensitive regardless of the source); and
Sexual orientation.
‍
Services
means the services as defined in the Main Agreement between Interested Party and GumGum.
‍
Sub-processor
means any third party (including any Processor affiliate) appointed by or on behalf of Data Processor to process Personal Data on behalf of Interested Party in connection with an Agreement.
‍
Viewed Content Advertising
is the collection of Viewed Content Information, or the use of such data for the purpose of tailoring advertising based on preferences or interests known or inferred from the data collected. Viewed Content Information is data about the video content viewed on a television.
‍
Sub-policy 12
https://www.hyprmx.com/privacy-policy:
AccessDenied
Access Denied
P8VN1WM6FWV8P19F
ONvaX2IUxtdKu6kBHa4XgPEN0gEeQ1y3/MD4ne7U+1vgdu52fdTskvipf9wVEwPNgF3tii5Y3cV9sSMjkd5nMu8RPtrf3Z/HmEFKAqlAuNw=
<Error>
<Code>
AccessDenied
</Code>
<Message>
Access Denied
</Message>
<RequestId>
P8VN1WM6FWV8P19F
</RequestId>
<HostId>
ONvaX2IUxtdKu6kBHa4XgPEN0gEeQ1y3/MD4ne7U+1vgdu52fdTskvipf9wVEwPNgF3tii5Y3cV9sSMjkd5nMu8RPtrf3Z/HmEFKAqlAuNw=
</HostId>
...
</Error>
Sub-policy 13
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy/:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our  878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy
What is the ID5 Platform (or the "Platform")?
ID5 operates an identity platform for the digital advertising industry.
      By "Platform", we mean that we provide technology that websites, mobile
      apps and publishers of other internet-connected properties (such as
      internet-connected TV's), use to recognize users on their websites,
      mobile apps and other digital media properties (which we collectively
      refer to as "
Digital Properties
"), and that
      advertisers, or companies on an advertiser's behalf, use to target
      advertising to users in the most efficient way possible. Digital
      publishers and other "sellers" want their ads to be relevant to their
      readers, which helps them to offer content for no cost or lower cost.
      Advertisers, advertising agencies, and other "buyers" want to use their
      advertising dollars efficiently by reaching the right audiences, and by
      measuring the effectiveness of their ads. To accomplish these goals, our
      clients – including digital publishers and advertising technology
      platforms and service providers – use our Platform to more efficiently
      and effectively recognize their users and/or to enable their own clients
      to do so. ID5 is not an ad network, a media buyer or seller, or a data
      broker. We do not own digital properties on which we advertise, and we
      engage in advertising only in a limited manner for our own recruiting
      purposes and to advertise to other businesses (not to consumers).
What do we mean by Platform Data?
The Platform is designed to use certain types of information, that
      collectively we call "
Platform Data
". This includes
      information collected by our technology, products and services on the
      Digital Properties ("
Collected Data
"), which may
      include such information as IP address, unique browser or device
      identifiers, and the latitude and longitude of your device when you view
      a website that may want to show you an ad; (ii) information provided or
      uploaded to us or our Platform by our clients ("
Client Data
"), which typically includes a "hashed" copy of your email address
      ("hashing" prevents us from seeing the actual email address); and (iii)
      "
ID5 IDs
" (described below), which are random unique
      identifiers that we create and connect to Collected Data and/or Client
      Data. See "
What Information Do We Collect?
" below for more details on the type of information that may be
      included in Platform Data.
Some Platform Data (for example, cookie IDs, mobile advertising
      identifiers, ID5 IDs, and IP addresses) may identify a particular
      computer or device, and may be considered "Personal Data" or "personal
      information" (or another term with a substantially similar definition
      and obligations) in some jurisdictions, including the European Economic
      Area (see below on the meaning of "Personal Data" under the EU General
      Data Protection Regulation) and certain U.S. states. This data - which
      we call "Personal Data" - allows us to recognize a particular computer
      or device over time. We call cookie IDs, mobile advertising IDs, ID5
      IDs, and other random unique identifiers "
Digital Identifiers
".
Our Platform is not designed to utilize information that by itself
      identifies an individual in the "real world", such as "un-hashed" (i.e.,
      actual) name, address, phone number, email address, or government
      identifier. Instead, it is designed to utilize only Digital Identifiers
      that enable the recognition of a specific device or browser.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, what is the meaning of
      "Personal Data" under the EU General Data Protection Regulation
      ("GDPR"), and what does this mean for Platform Data?
Under GDPR, "
Personal Data
" means any data relating to
      an individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from that
      data. It can take the form of a name or address, and can also extend to
      unique identifiers that do not tell us who an Internet user is in the
      "real world" but may, when combined with other information, allow the
      identification of an individual.
Our Platform does not rely on Personal Data that identifies you as an
      individual in the "real world", such as your actual, un-hashed name,
      email address, or phone number. When you (an Internet user) first visit
      a Digital Property that has integrated our technology, this triggers a
      request to our Platform. When this occurs, we assign an "ID5 ID" to your
      browser or device, which allows the Platform to recognize your browser
      or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has
      integrated our technology. Such Digital Identifiers are considered
      "Personal Data" under the GDPR.
This allows our clients and certain other third parties selected by our
      clients to sync their own Digital Identifiers against this ID5 ID (see
      "
ID Syncing
" below) so that our clients can
      use their own data on other platforms that they may have associated with
      their own Digital Identifiers.
Glossary of Certain Terms
Browser
: A browser, or web browser, is the user interface or
      application through which you view web Digital Properties. Examples of
      prominent browsers are Microsoft's Internet Explorer, Google's Chrome,
      Apple's Safari, and Mozilla's Firefox.
Cookie
: A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a web
      browser by a website or Ad Server. By saving information in a cookie,
      websites and servers can remember preferences or recognize web browsers
      from one visit to another or from one website to another. Cookie IDs are
      Digital Identifiers.
ID Syncing
: ID syncing (sometimes also referred to as cookie
      syncing) is a common and long-standing process in the digital
      advertising industry that enables advertisers to link up data from
      multiple advertising platforms. (In other words, it helps advertisers
      buy ads in more than one place and on more than one service.)
Here's an example of how ID syncing works. Let's say you sell a product
      on your website. A customer visits your site. Your website stores a
      cookie to recognize that customer's browser, and the cookie contains an
      ID of 12345. You then associate that ID with information about what the
      customer shopped for on your site. If you want to then use that
      information to advertise to that user, you might go to an online
      advertising marketplace to buy ad space. In order to buy the right ad
      space to show your ads to the right user, you'll need to match your ID,
      which is 12345, to the ID that the marketplace has assigned to the same
      customer (which let's say for this example is ABCDE).
The result is a record that says ID 12345 = Marketplace ID ABCDE. That
      way, when the marketplace offers to sell you ad space to show your ad to
      ABCDE, your system will know that ABCDE is the same as 12345, and you
      can pick the right ad to show the customer.
Interest-Based Advertising
: Interest-based advertising
      associates a user’s activity and interest information, demographic
      information, geographic information, and similar information with a
      browser cookie or other online identifier in order to provide more
      useful and relevant advertising. It is sometimes also called "online
      behavioral advertising", "targeted advertising", "cross-context
      behavioral advertising" or "tailored advertising".
Mobile Advertising Identifiers
: Mobile advertising identifiers
      (e.g., Apple's iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Google's Android
      Advertising ID (AAID)) are unique IDs that are similar to cookies, but,
      instead of being stored on your web browser, are associated with
      individual mobile devices. They usually are user-resettable. Like other
      Digital Identifiers, Mobile advertising identifiers do not tell us who
      an Internet user is in the "real world", but may, when combined with
      other information, allow the identification of an individual. Mobile
      advertising identifiers are used in connection with apps on your mobile
      device as opposed to websites that you access through a browser.
Cookie Use by the Platform
Although the specific cookies employed on the ID5 Platform may change
      from time to time, this describes how and why the ID5 Platform uses
      cookies. These cookies enable our clients to recognize users and to see
      users' consent choices (including opt-out choices).
The Platform uses unique cookies to distinguish between unique web
        browsers.
The Platform uses cookies with non-unique values for server
        load-balancing and similar technical purposes.
The Platform uses non-unique cookies to store users’ opt-out choices.
Some browsers or other software may be configured to block third-party
      cookies by default.
THE ID5 PLATFORM PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Modified: October 10, 2023
Overview
This ID5 Platform Privacy Statement (this "Privacy Statement") describes
      how ID5 collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes Platform Data. It
      describes how ID5 may enable or allow clients and third-party providers
      to use Platform Data, but otherwise does not apply to our clients' or
      other third parties' practices. If you are interested in our website
      privacy policy, please
click here
.
What information do we collect and use?
The Platform is designed to collect and use only Platform Data
          (i.e., Collected Data, Client Data, and ID5 IDs) as described in
          this Privacy Statement.
Details
.
How do we collect information?
The Platform may use cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
          technologies to collect and store Platform Data about web browsers
          and devices across websites and apps and over time.
Details
.
For what purposes do we use the collected information?
ID5 uses the information collected on the Platform to provide,
          operate, manage, maintain, and enhance the Platform and allow our
          clients to use our Platform. This means facilitating user
          identification; using information for fraud detection and the
          prevention and detection of malicious behavior and maintaining and
          enhancing our products and services (including our Platform),
          including using information for machine learning, optimization and
          statistical analysis.
Details
.
In European Jurisdictions, on what legal basis do we process
          Personal Data?
Where (i) you are a European Economic Area ("
EEA
"),
          United Kingdom or Switzerland (such countries, collectively with the
          EEA, "
European Jurisdictions
") data subject and
          (ii) ID5 is acting as a "controller" of Personal Data relating to
          you, ID5's legal basis for collecting and using such Personal
          depends on the data concerned and the specific context in which we
          collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is Personal
          Data in a European Jurisdiction, we generally rely on consent
          obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties that use
          our technology or use technology that interacts with our Platform;
          with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data, we rely on
          consent obtained by or on behalf of the particular client that
          provides it to us or our Platform.
Details
.
What information do we share with third parties?
Where permitted, we provide clients access to their Platform Data
          that they collect, acquire, or use on the Platform, and typically
          they may remove it from the Platform for their own use. ID5 may also
          provide Platform Data to our clients and service providers for the
          purpose of operating, managing, maintaining, or enhancing our
          products and services, (including our Platform), including for the
          safety and security of the Platform and the online advertising
          industry, or as required by law. ID5 does not share the information
          collected via the Platform with other third parties, unless legally
          required.
Details
.
How is the information stored and how long is it kept?
Platform Data is stored using generally accepted security standards.
          It is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
          retained in the Platform for up to 18 months from the date of
          collection before aggregation or deletion.
Details
.
What are your choices?
For European Jurisdiction data subjects, we are registered as a
            vendor with, and support, the
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"). When you visit a Digital
            Property, the TCF Framework is designed to enable Digital
            Properties - which may include our clients - to (i) choose which
            third parties they wish to allow to access your device and
            collect, use and share your Personal Data and (ii) provide dynamic
            transparency and choice to you about each of these third parties
            (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in connection with such
            Digital Property, depending on that third-party's use of your
            Personal Data and legal basis.
Various clients and third-party providers using our Platform may
            be accessing your device or collecting, using and sharing your
            Personal Data as independent controllers for different uses and
            based on different legal bases or as processors on behalf of other
            independent controllers.
Web browser users may opt out of the use of the Platform for
            interest-based advertising in their web browser. Mobile app users
            have access to choices provided by certain apps or in their device
            system software.
Details
.
What happens if this Privacy Statement is changed?
Please check this Privacy Statement for changes. The date of the
          last update can be found at the top of this Privacy Statement.
          Material changes will not be applied to previously collected
          Platform Data.
Details
.
Questions?
Please email us at
privacy@id5.io
.
What Information Do We Collect?
Collected Data
When you visit a Digital Property (e.g., a website) that uses our
      technology (or that uses technology that transacts with parties using
      our Platform), we collect certain information about you and your device,
      including:
Information about your browser
, including:
the type of browser
browser language
browser settings
cookie information
Information about your device
, including:
information about the device's operating system including its
            version and connection type
device make, device model
mobile advertising identifiers, such as your Apple IDFA or Google
            AAID
the IP address from which the device accesses a client's Digital
            Property
Information about the Digital Properties you visit
,
        including web pages or apps visited or used and the time those web
        pages or apps were visited or used.
Information about your Internet service
, including
        information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use.
Client Data
Our clients may provide or upload to us or our Platform "Client Data",
      which typically includes a "hashed" email address ("hashing" prevents us
      from seeing the actual email address). Our clients and vendors, and our
      clients' third-party clients and vendors, may use their own tags,
      pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other
      affiliates) within their advertisements and on certain Digital
      Properties. We are not responsible for our clients, vendors and/or our
      clients' third-party providers for their privacy practices, including
      their collection, use, and/or sharing of data and/or their use of
      technology on their Digital Properties or in their advertisements.
How Do We Collect Information?
The Platform uses cookies, pixels, tags, mobile SDKs, and similar
        technologies to collect data associated with particular web browsers
        or devices
We and the Platform also receive data from our clients and other third
        parties
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
To provide products and services (including our Platform) to our
        clients, including in connection with ID5 IDs
To develop, maintain, and improve our products and services (including
        our Platform), including:
Conducting research and development, such as conducting machine
            learning to better optimize the efficiency of our products and
            services
Investigating, protecting against and deterring malicious
            activity, fake traffic or fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal
            activity on the Platform and on the internet
To compile statistics about the activities occurring on or through our
        Platform, including for reporting and marketing purposes
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (Data Subjects of European
      Jurisdictions)
If (i) you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and (ii) we are
      acting as the controller of "Personal Data" relating to you, our legal
      basis for processing such Personal Data (see "
What Information Do We Collect?
" above) will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in
      which we collect or use it. With respect to Collected Data that is
      Personal Data of a European Jurisdiction data subject, we generally rely
      on consent obtained for us by the operators of the Digital Properties
      that use our technology or use technology that interacts with our
      Platform; with respect to Client Data that is Personal Data of a
      European Jurisdiction data subject, we rely on consent obtained by or on
      behalf of the particular client that provides it to us or our Platform.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
      legal basis on which we process Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@id5.io
.
How and Why Do We Share the Information We Collect?
ID5 shares Platform Data with the following third parties:
Clients and their third-party vendors
We provide ID5
        IDs to our clients and, if and as elected by our clients (including,
        if applicable, pursuant to your choices on their Digital Properties),
        our clients’ third-party vendors.
For European Jurisdiction data subjects
, our
            clients may utilize multiple controls to choose the third parties
            with whom we share your information that we collect through our
            clients' use of our Platform including:
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
(the "
TCF Framework
"):
We are registered as a vendor with, and support, the TCF
                    Framework.
When you visit a Digital Property on which the TCF
                    Framework is utilized, the TCF Framework is designed to
                    (i) allow the Digital Property to choose which third
                    parties (e.g., vendors) they wish to allow to access your
                    device and/or collect, use and share your Personal Data
                    and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you
                    about each of these vendors (e.g., an opportunity for you
                    to consent) in connection with your visit to the Digital
                    Property, depending on that third-party’s use of your data
                    and legal basis.
Platform-provided "controls" ("
Platform Controls
") with respect to about third parties operating through our
                Platform:
Our Platform provides our clients with information about
                    the other clients operating through our Platform,
                    providing transparency for disclosure purposes and
                    "allow-listing" capabilities – to create lists of approved
                    companies – to control which third parties may receive,
                    use and share your information
For users who are not European Jurisdiction data
              subjects
, we provide our clients with Platform Controls, including our
            allow-listing capabilities, to control which third parties may
            receive, use, and share your information.
Vendors
We share Platform Data with, and enable the
        collection of Platform Data by, our vendors (including data center
        providers, hosting providers, data analytics providers, and
        anti-fraud, technology and security providers), so that they can
        provide services to us, including to detect and prevent malicious
        activity or fake traffic and to provide analytics and reporting about
        our products and services. Our vendors are subject to obligations
        consistent with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality
        and security measures.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law
We may also
        disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect
        malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is
        required by law, subpoena or other legal process, including to meet
        national security or law enforcement requirements.
ID5 Affiliates
We share Platform Data with other
        companies in the ID5 group of companies to use for any of the purposes
        described in this Privacy Statement.
Business Transfers
We may transfer Platform Data to a
        successor entity in connection with a corporate merger; consolidation;
        sale of assets, equity, or business; bankruptcy; or other corporate
        change.
How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is It Kept?
Security
ID5 uses generally accepted industry security standards to protect
        information transmitted over or stored on the Platform.
We review our information collection, storage and processing
        practices, including physical security measures, to guard against
        unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to information to employees, contractors and agents
        who need the information in order to process it for us, and who are
        subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be
        disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information
        can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure. Once we receive
        Platform Data, we will use strict procedures and security features to
        try to prevent unauthorized access. Please also be mindful that we are
        not responsible for the security measures of third parties.
Retention
We never store any information longer than we need it. Platform Data
        is usually aggregated or deleted within 30-90 days, but may be
        retained in the Platform for up to 18 months for specific clients and
        for use for security and the detection and prevention of fraud and
        invalid traffic from the date of collection before aggregation or
        deletion. When we no longer need the information we collect, it is
        deleted or aggregated.
Aggregated anonymized information is used for reporting and analysis,
        and may be stored in the Platform indefinitely.
When third-party vendors receive information through us or clients
        remove their information from the Platform, their storage and
        retention of the removed information is governed by their own privacy
        policies and applicable laws, rules, and/or regulations.
What Are Your Choices?
IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework
: We are
      registered as a vendor with, support, and encourage our clients to use,
      the
TCF Framework
, which is designed to provide European Jurisdiction data subjects with
      dynamic transparency into and choice about the various third parties
      used on Digital Properties on which the TCF Framework is utilized. If
      you are a European Jurisdiction data subject, the TCF Framework is
      designed to enable Digital Properties – which may include our clients –
      to (i) choose which third parties (which may include ID5) they wish to
      allow to access your device and collect, use and share your personal
      data and (ii) provide dynamic transparency and choice to you about each
      of these third parties (e.g., an opportunity for you to consent) in
      connection with such Digital Property, depending on that third-party's
      use of your Personal Data and legal basis for such usage.
ID5 Web Browser Opt Out
: If you have not already chosen to do
      so, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt out of having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. When you opt out, an opt-out cookie
      (from id5-sync.com) will be stored in your web browser. The Platform
      will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and
      will apply your choice to all companies using the Platform. If you block
      or delete the ID5 opt-out cookie, you will cease to be opted out with
      respect to the Platform and will need to perform the opt-out process
      again.
ID5 Web Browser Opt In
: If you have previously chosen to opt
      out, but would now like to opt in, you may visit
https://id5-sync.com/privacy
to opt in to having the Platform used to enable our clients to more
      efficiently serve you relevant ads. This does not overwrite any consent
      settings you may select on a given Digital Property.
Important things to note about the ID5 web browser opt out:
Blocked cookies
The opt-out cookie may not work if
        your browser is configured to block third-party cookies.
Deleting or protecting opt outs
If you delete your
        cookies, you will need to opt out again. There are browser plugins to
        help you preserve your opt-out cookies. For more information, please
        visit
https://www.aboutads.info
.
Only this browser
The opt out only applies to the
        browser profile in which you set it. For example, if you set the opt
        out while using Firefox, but then use Chrome, the opt out will not be
        active in Chrome. To opt out in Chrome, you will need to repeat the
        opt-out process. This is because the cookies cannot be read between
        different browsers or browser profiles.
The opt out does not block or delete cookies
It also
        does not prevent the use of cookies or other technologies for purposes
        other than interest-based advertising. If you opt out, data may still
        be collected about your web browsing activities and you will still see
        advertising. Ads may be selected, for example, based on the content of
        the web page in which they are shown. If you wish to block or delete
        cookies altogether, you can use web browser settings to do so.
To access the opt outs of other online advertising companies, visit the
      consumer choice pages of such organizations, as follows:
EU
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance,
        at
youronlinechoices.com
(by clicking the "Your ad choices" link after selecting the
        appropriate country)
US
Digital Advertising Alliance, at
https://optout.aboutads.info/
Network Advertising Initiative, at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Mobile App Opt Out:
Mobile device system software such as Apple
      iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt
      out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to
      deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to
      opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings ("Opt out
      of Interest-Based Ads" on Android devices and "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS
      devices).
European Jurisdiction Data Subject Rights
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have certain
      rights and protections under the law regarding the collection,
      processing, and use of information about you. As stated above, the
      information we collect about you when you visit Digital Properties that
      use our technology may include certain identifiers that are considered
      "Personal Data" under European law.
If you are a data subject of a European Jurisdiction and certain
      requirements are fulfilled and/or under certain circumstances, you have
      the right: (i) to access and obtain a copy of your Personal Data; (ii)
      to erasure of your Personal Data; (iii) to rectification or updating of
      your Personal Data; (iv) to object to the processing of your Personal
      Data; (v) to restrict the processing of your Personal Data; and (vi) to
      data portability (i.e., to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data
      in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and/or to
      have such a copy provided to a third party). If you are interested in
      exercising any of these rights, you may do so via our privacy web form
      (available by
clicking here
)
      or you may email us at
privacy@id5.io
. Please note that, as
      the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
      "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to Correct",
      and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize an online
      identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access" by email, it
      generally will require more time and at least one more step than
      submitting your request via the privacy web form.
In addition, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any
      time. If you wish to exercise such right with respect to interest-based
      advertising, you can do so through the mechanisms and methods set forth
      above under object to the processing of your Personal Data.
Our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of Personal Data
      about you that we believe is necessary to provide our products and
      services. Because our Platform is not designed to collect information
      that directly identifies an individual, sometimes it is not feasible for
      us to provide individuals with information that is tied to their
      identities.
Also, as a data subject of a European Jurisdiction, you have the right
      to lodge a complaint about our processing of Personal Data with a
      European Data Protection Authority, in particular the Member State of
      your residence, place of work or alleged infringement of the GDPR. For
      contact details of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please
      click
here
.
Your Rights under Certain U.S. State General Privacy Laws
Consumer Rights
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective general privacy
      law (such as California under the California Consumer Privacy Act,
      including as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (as amended,
"CCPA"
), and Virginia under the Virginia Consumer Data
      Protection Act) (each such law, a
"US State Privacy Law"
), you have some or all of the
      following rights with respect to your Personal Data, as set forth in the
      applicable US State Privacy Law:
Right to Delete
: the right to request that a
        "business"/"controller" (each, as defined by the applicable US State
        Privacy Law) delete, following your verifiable/authenticated consumer
        request, the specific pieces of Personal Data such business/controller
        has collected from you.
Right to Know/Access
: the right to request that a
        business/controller disclose to you, following your
        verifiable/authenticated consumer request, some or all of the
        following (based on your applicable US State Privacy Law):
The categories of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data is
            collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or
            (under CCPA) "sharing" Personal Data
The categories of third parties with which the business/controller
            shares Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data the business/controller has
            collected about you
The categories of Personal Data about you that the
            business/controller disclosed for a business purpose
If the business/controller sells or (under CPRA) "shares" your
            Personal Data:
The categories of Personal Data that the business/controller
                sold or (under CCPA) shared about you
The categories of third parties to which your Personal Data
                was sold or (under CCPA) shared, by category or categories of
                Personal Data for each category of third parties to which the
                Personal Data was sold
The business or commercial purpose for selling or (under CCPA)
                sharing Personal Data
Right to Correct
the right to request that the
        business/controller correct any inaccurate Personal Data that it has
        collected about you
Right to Data Portability
the right to be provided
        with a copy of the Personal Data about you that the
        business/controller processes by automated means in a portable and, to
        the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you
        to transmit it to another party
Right to Opt Out
: based on the applicable US State
        Privacy Law, some or all of the following rights:
The right to direct a business /controller (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) not to sell (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law) or (under CCPA) "share" your
            Personal Data.
The right to opt out of "targeted advertising" (as defined by the
            applicable US State Privacy Law), which is a type of
            interest-based advertising
These opt-out rights are different from the opt-outs described above
        under the header "What Are Your Choices?" and does not require us to
        cease processing your unique ID5 ID. However, we currently effect
        elections to opt out of the "sale" or "sharing" of Personal Data
        and/or to opt out of "targeted advertising" by performing our browser
        opt-out process (please see below under the header "Methods of
        Submitting Requests").
Right to Non-Discrimination
: the right not to be
        discriminated against by a business because you exercise any of your
        rights under your applicable US State Privacy Law, including by:
Denying goods or services to you
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services,
            including through the use of discounts or other benefits or
            imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for
            goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or
            services
Personal Data
To provide and operate our products and services (including our
      Platform), we utilize (i) Personal Data collected by our products and
      services on the Digital Properties (
"Collected Personal Data"
), (ii) Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of our clients
      (
"Client Personal Data"
), and (iii) our ID5 IDs, which
      are Digital Identifiers (see table below). Even though Client Personal
      Data is provided to us, we may be considered to have "collected" such
      data under US State Privacy Laws.
We collect (and during the last 12 months have collected) the following
      categories of personal information, from the following categories of
      Personal Data, and for the following business or commercial purposes:
Categories of Personal Data
Categories of Sources
Business / Commercial Purposes
Identifiers
(such as an online identifier (e.g.,
            a cookie ID, a mobile advertising ID, or an ID5 ID) or an IP
            address)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Information: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Internet or other electronic network activity information
(such as browsing history, user agent or timestamp)
Collected Personal Data: we collect such information from
              consumers via their visits to and/or interactions with the
              Digital Properties
Client Personal Data: we receive such information from our
              clients or partners
Collected Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
Client Personal Data: we use such information to provide,
              operate, maintain, improve, and develop our products and
              services (including our Platform), including to create and
              reconcile ID5 IDs
With respect to Collected Personal Data, we believe that we are a
      "controller" or "third party" (each, as defined by the applicable US
      State Privacy Law) that collects such data via consumers’ visits to
      and/or interactions with the Digital Properties. With respect to Client
      Personal Data, we believe that we are a "third party", as we collect
      such information only from our clients and do not collect it from
      consumers.
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose sensitive Personal Data
      through our Platform, products, or services.
For information on how long we intend to retain each category of
      Personal Data, please see "How Is Platform Data Stored, and How Long Is
      It Kept? – Retention" above.
Disclosure of Personal Data
For purposes of applicable US State Privacy Laws:
"Sales"/"Sharing"
: we "sell" (as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) and/or "share" (as defined by CCPA)
        (and, during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified" date at the
        top of this Privacy Statement, have sold and/or shared) "identifiers"
        (a category of Personal Data) that we derive from each of the above
        categories of Personal Data to our clients in connection with their
        (and their respective clients’) advertising activities, including
        cross-context behavioral advertising and targeted advertising (each,
        as defined by the applicable US State Privacy Law); however, we do not
        knowingly sell or share the Personal Data of children under the age of
        16 without required affirmative authorization; and
"Disclosures for a Business Purpose"
: we disclose
        (and have disclosed during the 12 months prior to the "Last Modified"
        date at the top of this Privacy Statement) each of the above
        categories of Personal Data for a "business purpose" (as defined by
        CCPA) to "service providers"/"processors" (each, as defined by the
        applicable US State Privacy Law) that perform certain services on our
        behalf, such as data center providers, hosting service providers, and
        data analytics providers, and anti-fraud, technology and security
        providers.
Methods of Submitting Requests
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may submit requests to exercise your "Right to Know/Access",
      your "Right to Delete", your "Right to Correct", and/or your "Right to
      Data Portability" via any of the following methods:
By web form
, available by clicking
here
By toll-free telephone
, to:
1-888-821-2911
Please note the following:
As the process we currently use to verify/authenticate and process
        "Requests to Know/Access", "Requests to Delete", "Requests to
        Correct", and "Requests for Data Portability" requires us to recognize
        an online identifier, if you submit such a "Request to Know/Access"
        via the telephone number listed above, it generally will require more
        time and at least one more step than submitting your request via the
        web form.
If you are opted out of interest-based advertising on the applicable
        web browser, we may not be able to verify/authenticate or process your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", since we may have no
        reasonable method of connecting your request with the Personal Data we
        previously collected about you.
If we notify you that we were unable to verify/authenticate your
        "Request to Delete", your "Request to Know/Access", your "Request to
        Correct", or your "Request for Data Portability", you may appeal our
        determination by emailing us at
privacy@id5.io
and indicating why
        you disagree with our determination (including by providing additional
        information to support your request).
Because (i) our Platform is designed to collect the minimum amount of
        Personal Data about you that we believe is necessary to provide our
        products and services and (ii) our Platform is not designed to collect
        information that directly identifies an individual, it is generally
        not feasible for us to provide individuals information that is tied to
        their identities.
If we utilize "de-identification" to comply with a "Request to Delete"
        or similar obligation with respect to Personal Data, we will maintain
        and use such data in de-identified form and will not attempt to
        re-identify such de-identified data.
If you are a resident of a U.S. state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, you may exercise your applicable US State Privacy Law "Right(s) to
      Opt Out" via the following method(s):
By web form
, available by clicking
here
Via the "Global Privacy Control" user-enabled "universal opt-out
          mechanism"
, if such a universal opt-out mechanism is legally required as a
        method of opting out by the applicable US State Privacy Law (for more
        information regarding Global Privacy Control, please visit the Global
        Privacy Control website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/)
Please note that we currently affect US State Privacy Law opt-out rights
      elections by performing our web browser opt-out process, which results
      in an opt-out cookie (from id5-sync.com) being stored in your web
      browser. Such elections – including through the Global Privacy Control
      user-enabled "universal opt-out mechanism" – will be processed only with
      respect to the applicable web browser. For more information about such
      opt-out, please see "What Are Your Choices? – Important things to note
      about the ID5 web browser opt out" above.
Authorized Agents
If you are a resident of a US state with an effective US State Privacy
      Law, if and as required by that US State Privacy Law, you may use an
      "authorized agent" to submit requests to exercise your "right to
      know/access", your "right to delete", your "right to correct", your
      "right to data portability", and/or your US State Privacy Law "right(s)
      to opt-out" (as applicable) on your behalf under that US State Privacy
      Law. Your authorized agent will need to provide us with a copy of a
      written permission that is signed by you and indicates that you have
      provided such authorization.
"Do Not Track"
ID5 has not yet developed a response to browser "Do Not Track" signals,
      and we do not change any of our data collection practices when we
      receive such signals. We will continue to evaluate potential responses
      to "Do Not Track" signals in light of industry developments or legal
      changes.
While we do not support "Do Not Track" signals, we do honor opt-out
      preference signals received from Global Privacy Control as the
      applicable California consumer’s election to opt out of the sale and/or
      sharing (each, as defined by CCPA) of their Personal Data, to the extent
      technically feasible.
For more information on your privacy choices, please see "What are your
      choices?" above and also above in this "Your Rights under Certain U.S.
      State General Privacy Laws" section.
Advertising Industry Self-Regulation
ID5 supports advertising industry self-regulation, and endorses best
      practices and self-regulatory requirements that apply to the advertising
      industry. To learn more about interest-based advertising and industry
      self-regulation, please visit any of the following organizations:
EU
:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
US
:
Digital Advertising Alliance
or
Network Advertising Initiative
Global Operations and Personal Data Transfers outside the EEA
ID5 is a global company headquartered in the United Kingdom with data
      centers located in the EEA. If you are a European Jurisdiction data
      subject and access any of the Digital Properties that use our
      technology, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred
      to, stored and processed by us and our affiliates in our facilities in
      the EEA, the United Kingdom and other countries, and by those third
      parties with whom we may share your information.
Countries outside the EEA may not be deemed by the European Commission
      to provide an adequate level of data protection for your Personal Data
      or to have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in
      EEA countries. We will, however, ensure that where ID5 group companies
      receive Personal Data of EEA data subjects outside the EEA, or provide
      Personal Data to third-party service providers outside of the EEA,
      appropriate data protection safeguards are in place (such as "standard
      contractual clauses").
What Happens if this Privacy Statement is Changed?
Please check this page for changes, as we may change this Privacy
      Statement at any time. If we make changes that we believe are material,
      those changes will not be applied to information collected prior to the
      date the changes went into effect.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our data
      protection practices, or if you would like to contact our data
      protection representative, please feel free to contact us by email to
privacy@id5.io
or by postal mail to
      the following address: ID5 Technology Ltd, 15 Bishopsgate, London EC2N
      3AR, United Kingdom.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
      addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party
      dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
ID5 Platform Privacy Policy v3.0
Sub-policy 14
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/:
Welcome to the Index Exchange Privacy Center
We are committed to protecting your privacy and treating your personal information, personal data, or the equivalent term in your region (collectively,
Personal Data
) with transparency, care, and respect. Unless otherwise specified, any reference to
Index Exchange
,
we
, or our in the policies, notices, and other web links referenced in the Privacy Center means Index Exchange Inc., and its direct and indirect global subsidiaries.
Exchange Platform
The ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our advertising exchange platform; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you receive an ad on your web browser that was delivered with the help of our technology, the ‘Exchange Platform Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Website and Corporate
The ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to our corporate activities; it explains
what Personal Data we collect
and
why
, and how we use or
share
your Personal Data. For example, if you visit our corporate website or apply to one of our job postings, the ‘Website and Corporate Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice’ applies to you.
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE NOTICE
Your Privacy Rights
It is important to Index Exchange to ensure that you understand your privacy rights and how to make choices about your Personal Data. To learn more about how you can request access to and make decisions about the Personal Data we may collect, use, or share about you, please visit:
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
About Us
Index Exchange is a global digital advertising marketplace. Our technology (the
Index Exchange Platform
) helps our clients deliver advertising to you. The Index Exchange Platform hosts digital auctions that help our clients buy and sell online ads (collectively, our
Platform Services
). These ads can be found on websites, mobile applications (
Apps
), or video programming services, such as streaming apps on Smart TVs (collectively,
Digital Properties
).
As with any exchange platform, we act as an intermediary between buyers and sellers. Throughout this Policy, we refer to our clients that sell ad space as
Publishers
. Publishers own or operate the Digital Properties you may use or visit. We refer to clients that buy ad space (for example, advertisers) as
Buyers
. Buyers may include Demand-Side Platforms (
DSP
), Data Management Platforms (
DMPs
) and other partners (collectively,
Demand-Side Partners
). Demand-Side Partners act as additional intermediaries in the digital advertising supply chain that connect advertisers to Index Exchange to serve relevant ads to you on the Publisher Digital Properties you visit. Demand-Side Partners liaise with other Buyers, which also include advertisers (for example, brands), advertising agencies, and ad networks (collectively,
Ad Partners
). In summary, Index Exchange and Demand-Side Partners act as intermediaries that connect Ad Partners with Publishers to deliver relevant digital ads to you.
Learn more about us
Contact
Privacy Team at Index Exchange
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about the above or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@indexexchange.com
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange c/o Privacy
8 Spadina Avenue, Suite 2600, Toronto, Ontario
M5V0S8 Canada
Data Protection Officer
You can also contact our DPO at
gdpr@legalarmy.net
or at:
Attn: Index Exchange Data Protection Officer
Legal Army, S.L., B88103700
Calle Princesa 31, Piso 5, Puerta A1, Madrid, Spain, 28008
Sub-policy 15
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 16
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 17
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
Table of contents:
Who we are
The personal information we process
How we use your personal information (our purposes) and
our legal basis for processing it
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
International transfers
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security
Data retention
Automated decision-making
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Complaints, questions and suggestions
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are completely informed about your personal data. To access a particular section, you can click on the relevant link above.
I. WHO WE ARE
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is a mobile advertising company that provides customers with an advertising and optimization platform and software (the “Services”).
We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you. The company is registered in Delaware (registration number C3511707), with registered office at 555 Bryant Street, Suite #133, Palo Alto CA 94301.
We respect your right to privacy. “You” will fall into one of four categories:
“Site Visitor”: accessing or browsing the www.liftoff.io site (the “Site”);
“Customer”: requesting the provision of Services from us;
“Partner”: providing services to us, to allow us to provide Services to our Customers: or
“Targeted End User”: using mobile apps provided to you by our Customers (acting as an “End User”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and our Services. It describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information, as well as your privacy rights and choices. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy by email at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io, or using the additional contact details provided in Section XIII titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
II. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
The type of personal information that we collect and process falls into three categories, as further detailed below:
Information we collect from Customers and Partners in connection with the provision of our Services;
Information we collect and use when Targeted End Users interact with our Customers’ mobile applications; and
Information that we collect from Site Visitors using the Site.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it):
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email and telephone), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Transaction Data
such as your payment information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us.
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location, unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as account activity and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, information about content viewed, time and length of visits, traffic data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Advertising and Marketing Data
including your interests based on your use of our Site and other websites and online services, your preferences in relation to receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, and your preferences for particular products or services.
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it).
Categories of personal information
Source
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), device information (inc. ID, make, manufacturer, operating system and language settings), browser type, generic geographic location (such as country or zip code, as well as the granular latitude and longitude coordinates), carrier, Android ID or Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), connection speed.
Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (e.g., because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Characteristics specific to your device might be requested from you and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen).
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Usage Data
such as your activity on a Customer’s app and other websites or apps (e.g., forms you submit, content you look at) and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”). This will include app usage information, referring/ exit pages, pages and content viewed, clickstream data, and date/ time stamp.
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (e.g., your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).
Indirectly from you
Preferences
regarding the processing of your data.
Directly from you
Ad Engagement Data
such as information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it (e.g., whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or download an app, etc.)
Indirectly from you
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you when you visit our Site:
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us, and any other information that you actively provide to us via our Site
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location (country), unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, time and length of visits, traffic data, weblogs and other communication data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Third-party Data
including marketing data
We combine this data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Third parties (including email, marketing and analytics services, as well as publicly available databases)
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (OUR PURPOSES) AND OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IT
We use the personal information that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Contract
– we require certain personal information in order to provide and support the Services you request from us;
Consent
– in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal information for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, but only (i) in a way that is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms, and (ii) when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. These interests will normally be to: (i) operate, provide and improve our business, including our Services; communicate with you and respond to your questions; (ii) improve our Site or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our Services; (iii) detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, fraud); and/or (iv) to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors; or
Legal obligation
– there are instances where we must process and retain your personal information to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide our Services
Register, manage and administer your account
Fulfil your request for our Services
Service-related communications (inc. Service updates, confirmations and support)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Performance of a contract with you
Improve our Services
Analyse metrics related to transactions and behaviour (online and offline) to assess trends and the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns (inc. our “Mobile Heroes” programme), to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service and offers, to drive customer engagement, promote our business, and inform business decisions.
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Personalise and customise your experience
including to provide targeted content, marketing, ads and other information to Customers
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Location Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
To receive services
from you or the business you represent (where you or your business is a Partner)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you
Manage compliance with our terms of service
and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
Customers and Partners wishing to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from Liftoff can click “UNSUBSCRIBE” in marketing emails or email us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided in order to reach out to the individual (including those individuals nominated as a mobile hero). If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Personalise, target and deliver advertising
including to create an advertising profile of you
We build or improve a profile about you to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
To ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Location Data
Consent
Measuring advertising performance
To determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users, understand the impact of advertising campaigns and determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business).
Developing and improving services
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve or build new products and services. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Security
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and fixing errors (e.g., to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them).
Device Data
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests. It is in the interests of us, our clients, and you to ensure that ads are served in a safe and error free manner and that fraudulent third parties do not distort the true price to be paid for showing you ads.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Ad Engagement Data
Legal obligation
Our Privacy Principles for the use of data about Targeted End Users
Liftoff’s systems aggregate events/data at granularities that cover many users, as opposed to a specific user, unless the user consents. For instance: users with iPhone X’s in San Francisco have clicked on ads in app A 100 times and installed app B 50 times.
Liftoff does not tie together events/data across apps in a user-specific way, without the user’s consent. For instance: we do not track that a person did X in app A and also Y in app B from a different publisher, if the person opts-out of interest-based advertising.
Instead, Liftoff only ties events/data from a given specific user within the context of a given app. E.g. user with app-local ID 123 installed app A, then finished the tutorial, then made a purchase.
This allows Liftoff to understand the conversion rates from one event to another within an app, but not track the activities of a user across different apps.
Liftoff does not record or store personal information that the user cannot easily revoke, such as email address, physical address, photographs or phone number to personalize our advertising. Liftoff relies upon device IDs to uniquely identify a user, and Liftoff solely relies upon the user’s consent in allowing Liftoff to access this information.
Liftoff does not export per-user data outside of Liftoff, except for validation purposes to a company that already has access to that data
Details of how to opt-out of interest-based advertising from us can be found at:
https://liftoff.io/opt-out/
.
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide access to our Site
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Communicate with you
including to deal with and respond to enquiries
Communication Data
Legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you).
Analyse how our Site is used and to improve our Site
including managing our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Site, to improve our Site, and to develop new products and services.
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Send you marketing communications
We combine Third-Party Data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Third-party Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Manage compliance with our terms of service and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure)
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to analyse trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around our Site, to gather demographic information about our user base, and to serve interest based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Site or Services.
V. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be collected, transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located, including the United States and other countries where we or our group companies or service providers (among others) maintain facilities. Our group affiliates and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. We maintain primary data centers in the United States, Singapore, Japan and Germany. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to applicable law.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, including by entering into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal information, or where required, we will ask you for your prior written consent for such international data transfers.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” and “adequacy regulations” from the European Commission, Swiss and UK authorities.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) GDPR for transfers originating in the EEA, UK and Switzerland; and the UK Addendum under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the UK.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third-party service providers and partners can be provided on request. Please note that some sensitive commercial information will be redacted. If you have any questions or concerns related to international data transfers, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Data Privacy Framework
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles  with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and (ii)the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of personal information we receive in the U.S., as well as the purposes for which we collect and use it, are set out in Sections II and III titled “The personal information we process” and “How we use your personal information (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it”. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal information we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party, or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you otherwise wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Information about the types of third parties to which we disclose personal information and the purposes for which we do so is described in Section VI titled “How we share your personal information and who we share it with”.
If we have received your personal information in the U.S. and subsequently transfer that information to a third party acting as an agent, and such third-party agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we will remain liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are located in the EEA, UK (inc. Gibraltar) or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contact details provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity and we will respond to your request in accordance with the DPF Principles and applicable data protection laws. You may also opt-out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from us by writing to us at the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Liftoff Mobile, Inc. at:
DPO@liftoff.io
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF-related complaints or disputes within forty-five (45) days of receipt.
We commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolutionfor more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint is not resolved by us or by JAMS, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Please see
here
for additional information.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We may be required to disclose personal information we handle under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to amend this section from time to time consistent with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF requirements.
VI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We do not sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your personal information with third parties as described below. If you have consented to us sharing your personal information but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity.
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You will be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is necessary and related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that we collect through the Site and Services. If you have any questions about these practices, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and people, for example cloud service providers (“Third Party Service Providers”), such as Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, Salesforce and
Unity Technologies
to perform tasks e.g., provide computer and network infrastructure services on our behalf or as advertising exchange partners and we may need to share your information with them to provide products or Services to you. We only share your personal information with Third Party Service Providers to the extent necessary for them to assist us and they do not have any right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may also work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its clients through the use of remarketing tags. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies
here
.
Third Party Digital Advertising Partners
If you are a Targeted End User, we will share data about you with Partners, to be used by those Partners for advertising-related purposes, including establishing (on behalf of advertisers) whether to bid on the opportunity to show you ads. When we share data in this manner, we will also share with the relevant Partner details about whether you have consented to, or objected to, the use of your data by the Partner for specified purposes.
Group Companies
We may provide your personal information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf to provide the Site and the Services to you. These parties are required to process such information based on our instructions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Compliance with laws and legal proceedings
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Merger or Acquisition
If Liftoff Mobile, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
VII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us
We take appropriate steps to pseudonymize your personal information. For Targeted End Users, the advertising device IDs (which are the only per-user identifiers that we track, and can be reset by the user at any time) are SHA1-hashed before insertion. Since SHA1 is a one-way hashing algorithm, the original raw advertising device ID cannot be reverse-engineered from the hashed version.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
VIII. DATA RETENTION
If you have provided us with personal information for the purposes of holding an account with us, we will retain your information (including personal information) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services.
If we hold information about you through any other means we shall only process this information for as long as is necessary for the purpose and in any event for no longer than 28 days.
Information relating to Targeted End Users is retained for 30 days in pseudonymized form before it is automatically deleted from our active database. Backups are stored indefinitely.
We will delete it after the timescales stated above, except we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
IX. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We perform the following automated decision-making processes using your personal information:
To build lookalike targeting models to target users who are similar to the Customer’s existing users. Our Machine Learning does this automatically for every Customer. The more upfront device IDs Liftoff has, the more beneficial this is.
For power predictive ML features e.g. users who have purchased in the past are much more likely to purchase again in the future
To exclude existing users from User Acquisition campaigns, and power targeting rules for re-engagement campaigns e.g. target users who have registered but not purchased.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the rights and interests of individuals whose personal data is subject to automated decision-making. Our technical and organizational security measures can be provided on request.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under Section IV titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
X. YOUR RIGHTS
Opting-out of interest-based advertising from Liftoff
As described in this Privacy Policy, third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on, for example, your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements by clicking
here
(or if located in the EEA, click
here
)
. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Refer to our
opt out page
for instructions on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising when you are a Targeted End User.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at DPO@liftoff.io at any time. You have the following rights:
Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the UK or EEA.
Right to correct or update your personal information.  You have a right to request a correction or update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to request deletion of your personal information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to opt-out or stop marketing communications. You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us using the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose but we will still send you non-promotional emails (as applicable), such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
Right to object.  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in the EEA are available
here
and for the UK
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities will require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
XI. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to use the Site or register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to us or use the Site or the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of our Site or Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XIII. COMPLAINTS, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information who can be contacted at DPO@liftoff.io. If you have complaints about our Site or Services, please contact us at: DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
In the EEA/ UK, you may contact our representatives:
Jurisdiction
Representative
EEA
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff GmBH
Torstrabe 146/Linienstrabe 86, 10119, Berlin, Germany
UK
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff Mobile Limited
Drapers House, 76-78 Clerkenwell Road, EC1M 5QA, London, UK
You may also make a compliant to the appropriate data protection authority for data protection matters or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 18
https://liveramp.com/privacy/:
Data is a powerful tool. At LiveRamp, we believe a culture of accountability is essential to success in a data-driven world.
Read our Privacy Notices
Where required, we maintain privacy notices for various business purposes and multiple regions or regulatory jurisdictions of the world. The choices available to an individual may vary within these areas based on local laws and customs. Our full list of privacy notices is available on this page. Please select a privacy notice below to
understand what information we collect, how the information is used and what choices you have to protect your information.
General Privacy Notices
Product and Service Privacy Notice
(How we handle data within our databases when we are the business or controller.)
Web and Business Representative Privacy Notice
(How we handle data on this website and collected from corporate activities and events.)
Specific Country or U.S. State Privacy Notices
North America
California Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for California residents.)
Mexico Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for Mexico residents.)
Asia-Pacific
Australia Privacy Policies
Japan
European Union and United Kingdom
UK
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Security
In addition to our privacy notices, we maintain strict security policies and procedures. See our
Data Security Knowledge Base page
for details.
Your Privacy Choices
You may have certain legal rights with respect to data. These rights may include the right of access, deletion, limiting the use of or correction of personal data. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, if they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of any relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
Select the appropriate link below to exercise your rights:
Universal LiveRamp Opt Out Tools
United States Your Privacy Choices portal
Asia Pacific Countries (except Australia), email
apaclegal@liveramp.com
Australia Your Rights portal
Canada Your Rights portal
EEA Countries
The UK Your Rights Portal
France
residents, email dpo.de@liveramp.com
Germany residents
,
email privacy.de@liveramp.com
Spain
residents, email privacy.es@liveramp.com
Italy
residents, email privacy.it@liveramp.com
Belgium residents, email privacy.be@liveramp.com
The Netherlands residents, email privacy.nl@liveramp.com
Mexico Your Rights portal
Sub-policy 19
https://www.facebook.com/ads/manage/audience_network/publisher_tos/:
Facebook
Log In
Log In
Forgot Account?
Meta Audience Network Terms
These Meta Audience Network Terms (
"Audience Network Terms"
) are made and entered into by and between Meta Platforms, Inc. and Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (together,
"Meta"
) and the person or entity accepting these Audience Network Terms (
"Publisher"
). These Audience Network Terms are deemed accepted and agreed to by Publisher on the date that Publisher indicates its assent to these Audience Network Terms by clicking "agree" or "accept" (the
"Effective Date"
). If you are accepting on behalf of a legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of such entity with the authority to bind it to these Audience Network Terms.
General Terms.
Meta will work with Publisher to facilitate the placement of third-party and/or Meta advertisements or other commercial or sponsored content (
"Ads"
) on certain of Publisher’s properties, which may include Publisher’s mobile applications, as set forth in the Audience Network Policy (as defined below) and approved by Meta in its sole discretion (
"Publisher Properties"
). If applicable, Meta will work with Publisher to facilitate the placement of Ads on Publisher’s articles displayed on Meta’s technologies through use of Meta Instant Articles or Publisher’s games displayed through Meta’s products or services through use of Instant Games, in which case such articles and/or games shall also be deemed "
Publisher Properties
" hereunder. Publisher agrees that these Audience Network Terms will apply to any use by Publisher of the Audience Network Service (as defined below). As between Meta and Publisher, Meta retains exclusive ownership of the Audience Network Service (which, for clarity, excludes Publisher Properties).
Audience Network Participation.
Publisher agrees that Meta may serve Ads on the Publisher Properties (the
"Audience Network Service"
). Publisher will participate in the Audience Network Service during the Term in accordance with these Audience Network Terms. Publisher (a) understands and agrees that Meta may change, withdraw, or discontinue the Audience Network Service in its sole discretion and Meta will use good faith efforts to provide Publisher with notice of the same; and (b) agrees that to the extent Publisher elects to report to Meta problems, issues, ideas, feedback and suggestions for enhancements to and improvements to performance of the Audience Network Service (
"Program Feedback"
), such Program Feedback is entirely voluntary on part of Publisher and may be used without obligation of any kind to Publisher.
Implementation.
Publisher will comply with the Audience Network Service specifications provided by Meta from time to time to enable proper delivery, display, tracking and reporting of Ads, including without limitation, by not modifying, misusing or deriving data from the technology (e.g., the Audience Network SDK, Meta tags, or Meta APIs', as applicable) made available to Publisher by Meta (the
"Audience Network Tools"
). Meta may modify, suspend, or terminate Publisher’s access to, or discontinue the availability of, the Audience Network Tools at any time. Publisher may use the Audience Network Tools solely in accordance with Meta’s
Platform Terms
("
Platform Terms
") that are applicable to use of Meta’s platform.
With respect to the Publisher Properties, Publisher will integrate the applicable Audience Network Tools provided by Meta in connection with the Audience Network Service  as soon as reasonably practicable.  During the Term, if Meta provides an updated version of the Audience Network Tools, Publisher will update the Publisher Properties to include the updated version of such Audience Network Tools as soon as reasonably practicable.
Publisher will comply with Meta’s
Audience Network Policy
("
Audience Network Policy
"). Publisher will be solely responsible for all aspects of the Publisher Properties, including all content therein.
Any placement of Ads on the Publisher Properties will be subject to the Audience Network Policy.
Publisher acknowledges and agrees that Publisher may only integrate with a Meta-approved integration for monetizing with Audience Network (e.g., Publisher may only use
a Meta-approved bidding technology service provider or implement Publisher’s own bidding technology as approved by Meta in writing (email to suffice)).
Payment.
Each month during the Term, for all Publisher Properties on which Ads were displayed during the previous month, (a) for Tag Integrations, Meta will pay Publisher a percentage of Net Revenue (defined below) arising from such Publisher Properties for the previous month as solely determined by Meta, and (b) for Bidding Integrations, Meta will pay Publisher the bid amount specified in a bid response for the delivery of an Ad to Publisher Properties for all Ads delivered to Publisher that were viewable (as determined by Meta) during the previous month. All payments will be made in accordance with this Section 4.1 unless otherwise agreed to by Meta in writing. "
Net Revenue
" means (a) the amounts actually collected by Meta from advertisers for Ads displayed on Publisher Properties using Tag Integrations, minus (b) deductions for fraud, bad debt, chargebacks, refunds, credit card processing fees, and any other third party fees. Publisher agrees to accurately complete and timely provide to Meta any forms or documentation that Meta determines is required to set up payment to Publisher, and Publisher may update such payment information upon notice to Meta provided that such information is complete and accurate and Publisher has the requisite authority to provide such information. Subject to the foregoing, approximately 21 days following the end of the calendar month in which the transaction occurred, Meta will pay Publisher the amounts associated with such calendar month. In the event a payment from Meta to Publisher for any given pay period would be less than One Hundred United States Dollars ($100.00), Meta reserves the right to roll such payment over month to month until such threshold is met (unless Publisher’s account is being deactivated or terminated), at which time Meta will make the applicable payment to Publisher. Meta reserves the right to deduct from any payments due or payable to Publisher any amounts that are past due and remain uncollected by Meta from Publisher in connection with any other Meta product or service.
Publisher will not, and will not authorize or encourage any third party to, directly or indirectly, generate impressions, clickthroughs, conversions or other actions with respect to an Ad through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise invalid means, including through repeated manual clicks, the use of "robots" or other automated tools, or by payment of money, false representation, or any illegal or otherwise invalid for end users to take actions with respect to an Ad. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Audience Network Terms, Meta will not be liable for any payment (a) based on such fraudulent activity or invalid activity, as determined by Meta in its discretion, or (b) in the event of any breach by Publisher of these Audience Network Terms (including the Audience Network Policy) during any applicable pay period. Meta reserves the right to withhold payment or charge back Publisher’s account due to any of the foregoing pending Meta’s investigation, or in the event that an advertiser whose Ads are displayed in connection with Publisher Properties defaults on payment for such Ads. Meta’s records and figures will be used to determine all payments.
Publisher will provide Meta with applicable tax forms, documents, or certifications as may be required by applicable law for Meta to satisfy any information reporting and/or withholding tax obligations with respect to any payments hereunder. Where applicable, Publisher agrees that Publisher will be solely responsible for compliance with local tax regulations. Where applicable within the European Union, Publisher (A) agrees that Meta will prepare and issue VAT invoices under self-billing arrangement, (B) acknowledges and accepts the validity of such self-billed invoices, and (C) agrees that Publisher will be responsible for timely remittance to applicable tax authorities of any tax amounts on such self-billed invoices that were paid to Publisher by Meta.
Privacy and Data.
With respect to Publisher Properties, Publisher will (a) comply with all applicable privacy and data laws and regulations and industry and government guidelines (including but not limited to, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles); and (b) provide (i) robust and sufficiently prominent notice to and obtain the necessary consent in accordance with applicable laws from users regarding the collection, sharing and use of data by Meta and its affiliates that, at a minimum, includes a clear and prominent notice that third parties, including Meta, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from Publisher Properties and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads, (ii) information on how users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, and (iii) information on where a user can access a mechanism for exercising such choice (e.g., providing links to:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
).  In jurisdictions that require informed consent for the storing and accessing of cookies or other information on an end user’s device (such as but not limited to the European Union), Publisher must ensure, in a verifiable manner, that an end user provides any necessary consent before Publisher uses the Audience Network Tools to enable Meta to store and access cookies or other information on the end user’s device. (For suggestions on implementing consent mechanisms, visit
Meta’s Cookie Consent Guide for Sites and Apps
).
Publisher will not collect or store any data collected, derived or obtained from any Ad or use of the Audience Network Service (
"Meta Advertising Data"
), except solely as necessary to implement the Audience Network Service in accordance with these Audience Network Terms or as otherwise specified in this Section 5(2).
i.
Bid Response Data
. Any data provided by Meta to Publisher in connection with a bid request or ad request, such as the decision to respond or not to respond to an ad request and any bid amounts ("
Bid Response Data
") will be deemed Meta Advertising Data. For the avoidance of doubt, Publisher may only use Bid Response Data to determine whether the bid response is the winning bid for the applicable Ad inventory. If a bid response is not the winning bid, Publisher must not use the Bid Response Data for any purpose and will delete such data within thirty (30) minutes of receipt thereof. If a bid response is the winning bid, Publisher may only use the Bid Response Data for internal billing and auditing of the winning bid price for the Ad inventory, and Publisher will delete the Bid Response Data within ninety (90) days of receipt thereof.
ii.
Aggregate Impression Reports
. In connection with the Audience Network Service, Publisher may provide Meta with certain data segments (on an aggregate-level basis as specified by Meta) to enable Meta to provide Publisher with reporting on aggregate revenue for such segment ("
Aggregate Impression Reports
"). Publisher acknowledges and agrees that such Aggregate Impression Reports will be deemed Meta Advertising Data and all restrictions under Section 5 of these Audience Network Terms will apply to the Aggregate Impression Reports, provided that Publisher may use Aggregate Impression Reports to improve and evaluate Publisher’s monetization strategy and measure return on ad spend on an aggregate-level basis and for no other purpose.
Without limiting the generality of any of the foregoing restrictions, Publisher agrees that it will not (a) collect, store, or use any information about any user derived from the Ad served by Meta to such user on the Publisher Properties, including information derived from the content of the Ad creative, a user’s engagement with the Ad, or the content accessed by a user after navigating to the Ad landing page; (b) use (i) data from the Audience Network Service to categorize a user of Publisher Properties as a Meta user, (ii) identifiers provided by Meta to retarget users or deliver advertising based on user behaviors apart from the Audience Network Service, or (iii) any Meta Advertising Data to build or enhance profiles, including any profiles associated with any personally identifiable information, mobile device identifier, or other unique identifier that identifies any particular individual, user, browser, computer or device; or (c) directly or indirectly, transfer or sell any Meta Advertising Data to any third party. In addition, with respect to Publisher Properties, Publisher will (y) deploy administrative, physical and technical safeguards that prevent unauthorized access to any Meta Advertising Data in its possession or control; and (z) provide Meta with reasonably prompt written notice as soon as it becomes aware that it has or is likely to breach any of the terms set forth in this Section.
Meta will comply with its own publicly-posted
Privacy Policy
("
Privacy Policy
") in connection with Meta’s performance and use of data under these Audience Network Terms. In connection with receiving inventory from Publisher Properties through the Audience Network Service, Meta will receive data from Publisher Properties, which may include mobile device identifiers for advertising purposes ("
Specified Data
"), and such Specified Data will be used in accordance with Meta’s Privacy Policy. In connection with Meta’s use of data for ad targeting and optimizing Meta’s systems, Meta: (a) will use Specified Data for optimization only after aggregating such Specified Data with other data collected from other publishers, advertisers or otherwise collected on Meta Products; and (b) will not allow other advertisers or third parties to target advertising solely on the basis of Specified Data.
To the extent that Meta processes personal data through Publisher Properties to provide the Audience Network Service subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) ("
GDPR
"), Meta acknowledges that Meta Platforms Ireland Limited is a data controller of that personal data.
To the extent Meta processes personal data through Publisher Properties to provide the Audience Network Service subject to the UK GDPR (as defined in the UK’s Data Protection Act 2018), Meta acknowledges that Meta Platforms, Inc. is a data controller of that personal data.  The
UK Data Transfer Addendum (Audience Network Service)
applies to any transfer of personal data subject to the UK GDPR from Publisher to Meta Platforms, Inc. under this Section 5(6).
The parties acknowledge and agree that the
State-Specific Terms
(“State-Specific Terms”)
apply to the provision and use of the Audience Network Service, and are incorporated herein by reference. When Limited Data Use is enabled, Meta will (a) process personal data to provide measurement and analytics services, and (b) with reasonable advance written notice, and upon Publisher’s reasonable written request, take reasonable and appropriate steps to make available (no more than once in any 12 month period) information regarding Meta’s compliance with its obligations under the State-Specific Terms.
For clarity, the terms and conditions of Meta’s Platform Terms regarding the collection, sharing and use of data by Meta or its affiliates apply to the Audience Network Service.
Confidentiality.
"Confidential Information"
of a party means any and all nonpublic product plans or business plans disclosed by such party to the other party in connection with the Audience Network Service, and that is marked or designated as confidential at the time of disclosure.  During and after the Term, each party (a) will use the same degree of care to protect the Confidential Information of the other party as it uses to protect its own most highly confidential information, but in no circumstances less than reasonable care; and (b) will not disclose the Confidential Information of the other party to any person or entity other than its officers, employees, and consultants who need access to such Confidential Information to effect the intent of these Audience Network Terms and who are bound by written confidentiality obligations consistent with this Section.  The foregoing confidentiality obligations impose no obligations with respect to information which: (w) was in a party’s possession before receipt from the other party; (x) is or becomes a matter of public knowledge through no fault of a party; (y) was rightfully disclosed to a party by a third party without restriction on disclosure; or (z) is developed by a party without use of the Confidential Information of the other party as can be shown by documentary evidence.  A party may make disclosures to the extent required by law or court order, provided such party makes commercially reasonable efforts to provide the other party with notice of such disclosure as promptly as possible and provides reasonable cooperation to the other party in connection with any attempt to contest or limit such disclosure.  Without limiting the foregoing, Publisher will not issue any press release or otherwise make any public statements or disclosures (including to the internet press, e.g., any blogs) regarding these Audience Network Terms and the transactions contemplated hereby or consummated hereunder or about the relationship of the parties without the prior written approval of Meta.
Term and Termination.
The term of these Audience Network Terms will begin on the Effective Date and continue until terminated in accordance with this Section 7 (
"Term"
). These Audience Network Terms may be terminated by either party with or without cause immediately upon written notice to the other party; provided, however, that if Publisher provides written notice of termination, such termination will be deemed effective only after Publisher ceases to use the Audience Network Service. Sections 2.b and 5–8 of these Audience Network Terms will survive any termination or expiration of the Audience Network Terms.
Miscellaneous.
These Audience Network Terms govern Publisher’s use of the Audience Network Service.  The Audience Network Service (including the Audience Network Tools) is a Meta Product under Meta’s
Terms of Service
("
Terms of Service
") and the
Commercial Terms
("
Commercial Terms
"), which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of these Audience Network Terms and the provisions of the Terms of Service or the Commercial Terms, the provisions of these Audience Network Terms will control, but only with respect to the subject of these Audience Network Terms.  The provisions of the Terms of Service and the Commercial Terms will survive any termination or expiration of these Audience Network Terms to the extent Publisher continues to use any other features or services of Meta thereafter.  Meta may update or modify these Audience Network Terms at any time (via email or by posting notice on the Meta site). Publisher’s continued use of the Audience Network Service after such update will be deemed Publisher’s acceptance of the updated Audience Network Terms. Publisher agrees to the English version of these Audience Network Terms.  Any version in another language is for convenience only.  If there is any discrepancy, the English version takes precedence.
Effective Date: April 25, 2023
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Sign Up
Log In
Messenger
Facebook Lite
Video
Meta Pay
Meta Store
Meta Quest
Ray-Ban Meta
Meta AI
Instagram
Threads
Voting Information Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Center
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 20
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 21
https://www.mobfox.com/mobfox-legal/:
0
Mobfox Legal
GDPR
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
GDPR
Please note that we are an official vendor of the
IAB global vendor list
– our ID is: 311.
EU Representative – Mobfox CY Limited of 4 Foti Pitta Str., LABS TOWER, Nicosia, 1065, Cyprus
Terms & Conditions
Last update – Friday 4th March, 2022
1. AGREEMENT
The Mobile Advertising Network provided by Mobfox US LLC (“Service”), owned and operated by Mobfox US LLC and its affiliated companies under the name Mobfox (“Mobfox”), is provided to you (“Member”, “Publisher”) under the Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) of this Publisher Service Agreement and the Mobfox Guidelines for Publishers (collectively: the “Agreement”), and any amendments thereto and any operating rules or policies. Mobfox reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove all or part of the Agreement at any time. If this Terms and/or any modification to this agreement is unacceptable to Member, Member’s only recourse will be to terminate this agreement as set forth herein. Member’s continued participation with the Service following Mobfox’s posting of a new agreement on Mobfox’s site will constitute a binding acceptance of the change.
1.1
By accepting the Terms of the Agreement, the Member:
(a) Represents and warrants that Member is of at least 18 years of age;
(b) Agrees to provide accurate, current and complete information about Member as prompted by the Account Registration Form;
(c) Agrees to maintain and update this information to keep it accurate, current and complete;
If any information provided by Member is inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Mobfox has the right to terminate Member’s account.
1.2
BY COMPLETING THE ACCOUNT REGISTRATION PROCESS, AND CLICKING THE “REGISTER” BUTTON, MEMBER AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGES THE ESTABLISHMENT OF AN ACCOUNT ON BEHALF OF SUCH MEMBER (THE “ACCOUNT”).
2. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
The Service allows Publisher: (i) to offer and sell elements of a Digital Media (as defined below) that Publisher designates for placement of ads to any advertiser, demand side platform, advertising network or other participant with access to the Service (the “Advertiser(s)”); and (ii) access to data analytics, data enrichment and data processing and as a result access to targeted and unique digital ad inventory, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.
2.1 Editorial Review.
Without derogating from any other provision in this Agreement, Mobfox reserves the right, without any obligation herein, to review each Digital Media individually, and has the right, to edit, refuse, reject or remove the Publisher’s Digital Media from the Service at any time and for any reason.
2.2 Technical Support.
Members may receive technical help and resolve billing inquiries by contacting Mobfox Support via e mail (as written below). Should Member become dissatisfied with the Service in any way, Member’s will immediately contact Mobfox support by emailing directly to the relevant email address written below.
2.3
USE OF THE SERVICE SUBMISSIONS
By submitting material or web page listings to the Service (including information regarding the listing) you are irrevocably granting Mobfox, its licensees, and any entities in the Service, the right to use all parts of the material without limitation including, but not limited to, modifying it or using it commercially and authorizing others to do so.
3. MEMBER REPRESENTATIONS
Member represents and warrants that:
(a) Member is the legal owner of the assets that may include, without limitation, URL, mobile or CTV application, or any other digital media source (“Digital Media”) specified in his Account, an employee of the legal owner of the Digital Media or has obtained express written permission from the legal owner of the Digital Media in connection with the use of the Service with the aforementioned domain. Without derogating from any other provision in this Agreement, Member expressly agrees to indemnify Mobfox from any claims, losses, damages, including by any third party, arising from or in connection with the use of the Advertiser Service with the specified Digital Media.
(b) Member is the owner or is licensed to use the entire contents and subject matter contained in the Digital Media and/or any creative such as image, text, programming code, graphic content or any combination thereof (“Creative”);
(c) Member will fully comply with the Mobfox Publisher Guidelines
[See Schedule A]
.
(d) Member will include the Mobfox SDK Minimum Privacy Terms (“Minimum Privacy Terms”), or substantially similar terms, as part of its end-user privacy policy. The Minimum Privacy Terms are attached to the Mobfox Publisher Guidelines
[See Schedule B]
.
4. PRIVACY
Mobfox collects, stores and uses personal details of Member’s authorized users and contact persons in accordance with Mobfox’s privacy notice that is located at https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/. To the extent that any end-user’s data includes personal data of individuals, then Mobfox’s Personal Data Protection Addendum (DPA), which is attached hereto as Annex A, and serves as an integral part thereof, applies and the parties agree to comply with its terms.
5. MOBFOX REPORT
5.1.
During the Service, Member will be granted access and may view the online reports relating to its activity within the Mobfox reporting system (the “Report”), which during the relevant month are only estimated non-final numbers that may be changed or adjusted by Mobfox until 15 days after the end of the relevant month. At the end of the month the reports will be frozen and within 15 days will include the definitive numbers of earnings as maybe adjusted as aforesaid. Member agrees that Mobfox stats will be final and binding in every case and serve as the sole basis for the calculation of Member’s payments.
5.2.
Notwithstanding the provisions of section 5.1 above, Google reporting system for applicable ad program will be a basis for calculations of the amounts due to the Publishers utilizing Google programs.
6. PUBLISHER PAYMENT
6.1
Depending on the type of integration, the payment to the Publisher will be made as follows:
6.1.1
Mobfox will credit the Publisher’s account with a payout for each action made by a visitor through the Publisher’s Digital Media (“Transaction”) on the basis of the agreed payout rate under the applicable ad program. Mobfox will pay to the Publisher by wire or any other available payment method any amounts due to Publisher, approximately 60 days after the end of the month, to the extent proceeds have cleared from Advertiser to Mobfox. Publisher shall pay all applicable fees, taxes, commissions, transaction fees or the like in connection with such payment.
Mobfox may, at Mobfox’s sole discretion, apply an estimated number of payouts if: (i) the Publisher is referring visitors to Advertiser as verified by clicks through links to Advertiser with Mobfox’s Report, (ii) in the case of an error in Advertiser’s transmission of the Report data to Mobfox, and (iii) in an instance in which Mobfox is able to utilize a historical analysis of the Publisher promotion of Advertiser in order to determine an equitable number of estimated payouts.
If Publisher does not earn the minimum amount in a month, the balance will be carried forward until such time as the minimum amount is earned or until this Agreement is terminated. The Publisher acknowledges that the minimum amount may vary based upon the applicable currency being used and that the binding minimum amount will be the amount listed in Mobfox’s system as may be updated from time to time. Publishers are responsible for ensuring that their bank details and address are correct in their Mobfox Account details in order to receive payment.
6.1.2
Notwithstanding the provisions of section 6.1.1 above, payments to the Publishers utilizing Google Ad Manager or other Google programs will be made by Google per the payment agreement specific to Ad-Manager Open-Bidding between Google and Mobfox for each Transaction on the basis of the agreed payout rate under the applicable ad program. Publisher shall pay all applicable fees, taxes, commissions, transaction fees or the like in connection with such payment.
6.2
Notwithstanding the aforesaid, Mobfox reserves the right to reclassify any Transactions and reduce any payments due to Publisher because of any claims, demands, offsets or the like made by Advertisers for invalid events, technical errors, tracking discrepancies or similar events that produce invalid results, even if the applicable Transaction was originally approved. Mobfox will compile, calculate and electronically deliver to Publisher the relevant data required to determine Publisher’s billing and compensation. The Publisher acknowledges that payments are based on the Report and hereby waives any claim and/or demand towards Mobfox as a result of discrepancy between the Report and any other similar tracking system.
In addition, and without derogating from any other right under this Agreement, Advertiser or Mobfox may apply a debit to the Publisher’s account in circumstances of: (i) duplicate entry or other clear error; (ii) non-bona fide transactions; (iii) non-receipt of payment from, or refund of payment to the visitor by the Advertiser; or (iv) Publisher failure to comply with Advertiser’s program terms or other agreement with Advertiser (“Chargeback”). Chargebacks may be applied to the Publisher’s Account at any time, including previous payment cycles within 3 (three) months from such Chargeback event.
6.3
Mobfox reserves the right to change payment dates and amounts, at any time, with or without prior notification to Member, which may be posted on the Service website, in Member’s Service account, or emailed to Members.
7. CLICK FRAUD
All ad campaigns are monitored for fraudulent and/or otherwise non-compliant activity by Mobfox. Publisher accounts believed to be responsible for fraudulent or non-compliant clicks will be automatically restricted from use of their Publisher area and investigated for click fraud. Any revenue believed to be generated by fraudulent or non-compliant clicks will be refunded to the Advertiser in good faith. CLICKING ON YOUR OWN AD SPACE COUNTS AS CLICK FRAUD AND WILL RESULT IN AUTOMATIC TERMINATION. Mobfox reserves the right to reject any or all requests for investigation of assumed click fraud or other non-compliant clicks by any Member at its sole discretion.
8. TERMINATION OF SERVICE
8.1
Termination by Mobfox:
Mobfox may terminate the Service with or without cause at any time, effective immediately and without prior notice. Mobfox may terminate a Member via written or email notice as necessary at Mobfox’s sole discretion. Mobfox will not be liable to Member or any third party for Termination of Service.
8.2
Termination by a Member:
Publisher may terminate this Agreement upon 48 hours prior written notice to Mobfox via email.
Upon termination of the Service, by Mobfox or by a Member, Member’s right to use the Service instantly ceases. Member will have no right, and Mobfox will have no obligation thereafter, to forward any information associated with Member’s Account.
8.3
TERMINATION FOR ILLEGAL OR OTHER ACTIVITY
Mobfox may, but has no duty to, immediately terminate Member and remove it from the Service servers if, in its sole discretion, Mobfox concludes that Member is engaged in illegal activities or the sale of illegal or harmful goods or services or is engaged in activities or sales that may damage the rights of Mobfox or which are not permitted under this Agreement or others. Any termination under this section will take effect immediately, and Member expressly agrees that it will not have any opportunity to cure.
8.4
WAIVER: Member expressly waives any statutory or other legal protection in conflict with the provisions of this section.
8.5
DELETION OF INFORMATION: Upon termination, Mobfox reserves the right to delete from its servers any and all information contained in Member’s Account including, but not limited to, order processing information, mailing lists, and any data generated by the Service software.
8.6
SURVIVAL: The following sections will survive any termination of this Agreement:  9, 10, 11, 15 and 16.
9. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
9.1
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, MEMBER EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREES THAT MEMBER USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT MEMBER’S SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES.
9.2
IN PARTICULAR, MOBFOX, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO MEMBER THAT:
(A) MEMBER USE OF THE SERVICE WILL MEET MEMBER’S REQUIREMENTS,
(B) MEMBER USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR,
(C) ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY MEMBER AS A RESULT OF MEMBER USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, AND
(D) THAT DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO MEMBER AS PART OF THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
9.3
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT MEMBER’S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND MEMBER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO MEMBER AND/OR THIRD-PARTY COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
9.4
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY MEMBER FROM MOBFOX OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
9.5
MOBFOX FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10.1
MEMBER EXPRESSLY UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT MOBFOX, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO MEMBER AND/OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR:
(1) ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY MEMBER, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. THIS WILL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS;
(2) ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OR DAMAGE AS A RESULT OF:
(A) ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY MEMBER ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN MEMBER AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS THROUGH THE SERVICE;
(B) ANY CHANGES WHICH MOBFOX MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICE, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICE (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICE);
(C) THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH MEMBER’S USE OF THE SERVICE;
(D) MEMBER’S FAILURE TO PROVIDE MOBFOX WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION;
(E) MEMBER’S FAILURE TO KEEP HIS PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL;
10.2
THE LIMITATIONS ON MOBFOX’S LIABILITY TO MEMBER IN PARAGRAPH 10.1 ABOVE WILL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT MOBFOX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
10.3
MOBFOX’S LIABILITY TO MEMBER OR ANY THIRD PARTY IN ANY AND ALL CIRCUMSTANCE WILL NOT, FOR ANY REASON, EXCEED THE AGGREGATE PAYMENTS ACTUALLY MADE TO MEMBER OVER THE 3 MONTHS PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS APPLICABLE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW.
10.4
INDEMNIFICATION
Member hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Mobfox and its officers, directors, agents, publishers and employees from and against all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, expenses, damages, and costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) that may at any time be incurred by any of them by reason of any claims, suits or proceedings (a) for libel, defamation, violation of right of privacy or publicity, copyright infringement, trademark infringement or other infringement of any third party right, fraud, false advertising, misrepresentation, product liability or violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation throughout the world in connection with the Digital Media; (b) arising out of any breach by Member of any duty, representation or warranty under any this Agreement; or (c) relating to a contaminated file, worm, virus, spyware, malware, adware, or trojan-horse or the like originating from Member’s Digital Media.
11. COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK POLICIES
Mobfox reserves the right to: (i) respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable international intellectual property law and (ii) terminate the accounts of repeat infringers, including disclosure of relevant Member information when required and Member agrees and acknowledges that any such disclosure is hereby permitted and will not be deemed to violate any other term in this Agreement.
12. ADVERTISEMENTS
12.1
Some of the mobile websites/applications and/or other digital assets are supported by advertising revenue and may display advertisements and promotions. These advertisements may be targeted to the content of information stored on the mobile websites/applications and/or other digital assets, queries made through the mobile websites/applications and/or other digital assets or other information.
12.2
The manner, mode and extent of advertising by the Service on the mobile websites / applications and/or other digital assets are subject to change without specific notice to Member.
13. OTHER CONTENT
1
3.1
The mobile websites may include hyperlinks to other mobile websites or content or resources. Mobfox may have no control over any mobile websites or resources which are provided by companies or persons other than Mobfox.
13.2
Member acknowledges and agrees that Mobfox is not responsible for the availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such mobile websites/applications and/or other digital assets or resources.
13.3
Without derogating from sections 9-10 above, Member acknowledges and agrees that Mobfox is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by Member as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by Member on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such mobile websites/applications and/or other digital assets or resources.
14. CHANGES TO THE TERMS
14.1
Mobfox may make changes to the Service at any time. When these changes are made, Mobfox will make a new copy of the Agreement available at https://www.mobfox.com and be made available to Member from within, or through, the Service.
14.2
Member understands and agrees that if Member use the Service after the date on which the Agreement has changed, Mobfox will treat Member’s use as acceptance of the updated Agreement.
15. CONFIDENTIALITY
Member or Mobfox may provide the other with information that is confidential and proprietary to that party or a third party, as is designated by the disclosing party (“Confidential Information”). The receiving party agrees to make commercially reasonable efforts, but in no case less effort than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, to maintain the confidentiality of and to protect any proprietary interests of the disclosing party. Confidential Information will not include: (i) information that is or becomes part of the public domain through no act or omission of the receiving party, or (ii) is lawfully received by the receiving party from a third party without restriction on use or disclosure and without breach of this Agreement or any other agreement without knowledge by the receiving party of any breach of fiduciary duty, or (iii) that the receiving party had in its possession prior to the date of this Agreement, or (iv) is disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court, stock exchange, administrative agency, or other governmental body.
Member agrees that Mobfox may provide Member’s basic details Account and Member’s email to the publisher/advertiser or any third party.
16. NON-SOLICITATION
During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) years hereafter, Member will not knowingly solicit, directly or through third party, any advertiser/publisher that is obtained through the Service provided by Mobfox under this Agreement, and Member will not encourage any such advertiser/publisher to transfer from the Service. Without prejudice to any other right of Mobfox according to this Agreement and the applicable law, in the event Member directly solicit or cause to be transferred any advertiser/publisher, Member will pay Mobfox what Mobfox would have otherwise earned if Member had not violated this provision.
17. GENERAL TERMS
17.1
Sometimes when Member use the Service, Member may (as a result of, or through Member use of the Service) use a service or download a piece of software, or purchase goods, which are provided by another person or company. Member’s use of these other services, software or goods may be subject to separate terms between Member and the company or person concerned. If so, the Agreement does not affect Member’s legal relationship with these other companies or individuals.
17.2
The Agreement constitutes the whole legal agreement between Member and Mobfox and governs Member’s use of the Service (however excluding any services which Mobfox may provide to Member under a separate written agreement), and completely replace any prior agreements between Member and Mobfox in relation to the Service.
17.3
Mobfox will be entitled to freely assign any of its rights and obligations in connection with this Agreement or any subsequent business activity to any of its subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies or to a purchaser in the event of a sale to or acquisition, whether by merger, consolidation, reorganization or other similar transaction. This Agreement will bind and benefit the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
17.4
Member agree that Mobfox may provide Member with notices, including those regarding changes to the Agreement, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Service.
1
7.5
Member agree that if Mobfox does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Agreement (or which Mobfox has the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Mobfox rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to Mobfox.
17.6
If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of the Agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Agreement without affecting the rest of the Terms. The remaining provisions of the Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable.
17.7
Member acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which Mobfox is the parent will be third party beneficiaries to the Agreement and that such other companies will be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Agreement which confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company will be third party beneficiaries to the Agreement.
17.8
Member and Mobfox are independent contractors, and nothing in this Agreement will create any joint venture, agency, franchise, sales representative, or employment relationship between the parties. Member has no authority to make or accept any offers or representations on behalf of Mobfox. Member will not make any statement, on its website or otherwise, that reasonably would contradict anything in this section.
17.9
This Agreement, and your relationship with Mobfox under the Terms, will be solely and finally settled as follows:
(A) US Residents: Disputes with US residents will be governed by and be construed according to the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereto. Any dispute arising under or in relation to this Agreement will be exclusively resolved in the competent court in the county of Los-Angeles, California. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST LAWFUL EXTENT, ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS THEY CONTEMPLATE.
(B) All other Jurisdictions: Disputes with the Members which are not residents of the US will be governed by and be construed according to the laws of England and Wales, without reference to conflict of laws principles. Without derogating from the Mobfox’s right to seek injunctive relief in any jurisdiction it may deem proper, both parties agree that all disputes between the parties in connection with or arising out of the existence, validity, construction, performance and termination of this Agreement (or any terms thereof), which the parties are unable to amicably resolve between themselves within 30 days, will be referred to arbitration in London in accordance with the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the said rules. Said arbitration will be conducted in English and the arbitrator will be obligated to reason his/her decisions.
18. CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions regarding the Agreement, please contact us:
publishers@mobfox.com
Member confirms and agrees that Mobfox and its subsidiaries may use the information Member provides that it collects for any legal purpose, including but not limited to, advertising, promotion and other sales and marketing purposes (“Promotional Communications”). Mobfox and its subsidiaries may also share certain information with third-party advertising partners in accordance with its privacy policy available at the following URL: https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/ and incorporated by reference hereto forming an integral part hereof. Member may opt-out from receiving Promotional Communications at any time, by following the instructions at the end of the applicable e-mail message or e-mail us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
Member agrees and undertakes to fill and complete any consents which may require giving effect to Member’s consent as set forth above.
Schedule A
Mobfox Publishers Guidelines
Thank you for joining the Mobfox Mobile Monetization and Mediation Platform
(“
Platform
“). We, Mobfox US LLC and its affiliated companies (“
Mobfox
”),
own and operate the Platform. Mobfox is committed to a lawful and ethical
service, pursuant to sound industry standards and practices.
To ensure the quality of our services, we have created the following
Publisher Guidelines. Compliance with our guidelines will demonstrate your
commitment to provide services while maintaining the highest standards of
professionalism, integrity and fairness.
You hereby commit to fully comply with the following guidelines.
In these guidelines –
“
You
” includes your employees, contractors, partners,
affiliates, agents and any other person who acts on your behalf.
“
Laws
” include all applicable laws, rules, regulations,
ordinances, judgments, decrees, orders or other governmental mandatory
requirements.
1. General
1.1. You represent that you are the legal owner or in control of the
application, software, web-based service or any other digital asset and any related offerings,including any advertising, sponsored or promoted content, and other
third-party originated content, which is embedded, displayed, performed or
otherwise made available on or through your application, software, or
web-based service or any other digital asset (together: the “
Offering
“).
2. Lawfulness
2.1. You may not operate your Offering in a manner that constitutes or
encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to
civil liability or otherwise violate applicable Laws, including laws and
regulations governing privacy, mass email, spam, export control, consumer
protection, unfair competition and false advertising.
2.2. You may not engage in activities which constitute, or are likely to
constitute unfair or deceptive trade practices.
2.3. Your Offering will not include, promote, or distribute prohibited
material, including without limitation: (i) pornography, or sexually
explicit content; (ii) hate speech or discriminatory content; (iii) content
promoting criminal activities; (iv) Racial, ethnic, political,
hate-mongering or otherwise objectionable content; (v) spyware, malware,
viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or any other computer code, files or
programs designed to interrupt, hijack, destroy or limit the functionality
of any computer software, hardware, network or telecommunications
equipment; (vi) content that infringes or violates the rights of others,
including copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, privacy and publicity
rights; (vii) defamatory, libelous, obscene, offensive or harmful content,
(viii) materials targeted at or designed to appeal to children under the
age of 13, or to any other age under the applicable Laws; (ix) the unlawful
sale or advertisement of Alcohol, Tobacco, Prescription Drugs and Weapons;
(x) unlawful gaming, gambling, draws and betting, (xi) any other content
that violates applicable Laws.
2.4. Your Offering will not induce end users to install a software code,
application or component by intentionally misrepresenting that it is
necessary to secure the end user’s device, data, or other software or
applications, or that it is necessary for the functionality of the device
or any feature or software included therein.
3. Platforms and Service Providers
3.1. You will fully comply with any terms, rules, guidelines and
instructions, by IOS, Android and any other applicable mobile and/or CTV platform or
operator.
3.2. In case of participation in Google`s exchange bidding service or any other Google programs You shall: (i) enter into the applicable agreement with Google and maintain respective agreement in full force and effect; (ii) complete the necessary integration process required under Google`s documentation; (iii) comply with respective agreement with Google and any applicable Google policies and guidelines.
3.3. You will abide by your Offering Terms and Privacy Policy, as these
terms are defined hereunder. You will also abide by the applicable terms
and policies of your service providers.
3.4. Without limiting the aforesaid, you may not operate your Offering in a
manner that will be deemed, or encourages activity that will be deemed as
fraudulent, misleading, threatening, harassing, anti-competitive,
misleading, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane or
otherwise objectionable.
3.5. You will not provide end users and any other third party inaccurate or
false statements about the source, ownership, purpose, functionality or
features of the Offering and any third-party content included therein.
4. Transparency. Terms of Service
4.1. You will engage your end users with full transparency and disclose to
them: (i) Your full name and contact details, and of any other person or
entity that provides the Offering; (ii) the terms and conditions, or
license agreement (“
Offering Terms
“) that govern the end
users’ use of the Offering; (iii) all details about the effect of
installing the Offering on the end user’s device, and any changes in the
settings of the device as a result thereof.
4.2. You will make the Offering Terms easily accessible to end users, prior
to the installation process of the Offering, in the course of the
installation, and through the Offering.
4.3. You will clearly and conspicuously disclose to end users’ – and where
required under the applicable Laws– receive the end users’ appropriate
consent and permission, to the Offering’s access to and use of any features
of the end users’ devices, including, without limitation, (i) any access to
the device features, such as the camera or speaker; (ii) any changes in the
settings, preferences, functionality or display of the device’s operating
system, browser and other applications; (iii) Any code installations,
disablement, interference, impairment or uninstallation. Notwithstanding,
you may make changes to the device settings if: (i) the end users
reasonably expect these changes in connection with the installation and use
of the Offering; or, (ii) the end user provided the appropriate consent
under the applicable Laws to the changes; or (iii) the changes are
technical and minor by their nature and do not interfere, violate or
infringe end users’ rights.
5. Privacy
5.1. If you collect, use, transmit, store, or process in any other or
additional manner end users’ personal  information,
you will provide your end users clear and detailed notices and policy
(together: “
Privacy Policy
“), and will maintain all
necessary measures, practices and procedures, in compliance with all
applicable Laws.
5.2. You will make the Privacy Policy easily accessible to end users, prior
to the installation process of the Offering, in the course of the
installation, and through the Offering.
5.3. Where required under the applicable Laws, you will receive end users’
appropriate consent to the Privacy Policy.
5.4. You will include the Mobfox SDK Minimum Terms, attached hereto in
Schedule B, as part of your Privacy Policy.
5.5. You will maintain full compliance with guidelines for protecting the
privacy of end users, as issued by or for the iOS, Android, and any other
applicable mobile and/or CTV platform or operator.
5.6. You will not intentionally use the Offering to collect any information
about an end user who is under the age of 13 years old, or any other
children-related age-threshold under the applicable Law.
5.7. If your Offering is directed to children under 13 years old, or under
any other age-threshold pursuant to the applicable Law, or if you have
actual knowledge that you are collecting personal information from children
under that abovementioned age, you will maintain full compliance with
relevant Laws, including – if applicable – the US Children Online Privacy
Protection Act (COPPA), and the provisions applicable to the protection of
a child’s data under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament
and of the Council (GDPR). Without limiting the aforesaid, you will provide
all necessary notices and receive all necessary consents, including
verifiable parental consent, as required under the applicable Law, to the
Mobfox use of personal information. See further details in Schedule B (the Mobfox SDK Minimum Privacy Terms).
5.8. You will comply with all the requirements of the applicable data protection Laws, including but not limited to California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code Title 1.81.5, § 1798.100 – 1798.199 (CCPA). You shall not share with Mobfox any personal information (as defined under CCPA) of consumers who either: (i) were not provided with any notifications required under CCPA, or (ii) were not provided with an option to opt out from a sale under the CCPA and in accordance with its requirements. Any (i) notification regarding a consumer’s election pursuant to any privacy related rights available to the consumer under applicable privacy and data protection legislation that Mobfox is required to comply with, (ii) third-party or consumer requests or complaints regarding the processing of personal information, or (iii) government or consumer requests for access to or information about processing of personal information on Mobfox’s behalf, shall be notified to Mobfox by You promptly and in any event in order to allow Mobfox enough time to meet any obligations under the CCPA.
5.9. You understand and agree that we can use the personal information we receive from you for our commercial and business purposes as further described in our
Privacy Policy
. These commercial and business purposes include, without limitation: (i) providing our products and services, including, without limitation, enabling publishers and other supply partners as well as DSPs and other demand partners to market, sell and buy advertising inventory, (ii) other business purposes, which include: advertising or marketing services, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services and other certain one-time uses.
6. Distinguishing Ads from other Content
6.1. You will clearly and conspicuously distinguish ads displayed on your
Offering from the Offering’s content and features;
6.2. Where required under the applicable Law, you will include all
necessary advertising notices in or next to the ads.
6.3. You will follow all applicable Laws related to the display of ads.
7. Uninstallation
7.1. You must provide your end users with a clear and accessible option to
easily uninstall the Offering. Upon uninstallation of the Offering you will
completely terminate your access to the end user’s device.
8. Traffic Generation
8.1. You will not generate or try to gain traffic or installations of your
Offering by using any fraudulent activity, including without limitation by:
(i) creating fictitious traffic of your Offering; (ii) installing or
uninstalling any application, software or code on an end user’s device,
without appropriate consent; (iii) causing or providing incentives to other
persons to increase traffic, revenue, impressions, or clicks, or to use
automated measures to generate traffic, impressions or clicks; (iv)
engaging in any other misleading, deceptive or other illegal activity
whatsoever.
9. Mobfox’s Rights
9.1. You will not violate, breach, infringe or misappropriate the rights of Mobfox, and its employees, contractors, partners, affiliates, agents and any other person who acts on Mobfox’s behalf, including intellectual property rights of any kind, privacy and publicity rights.
10. Indemnification
You will indemnify Mobfox and its employees, directors, contractors, partners, affiliates, agents and any other person who acts on Mobfox’s behalf, and hold them harmless from and against any loss, damage and expenses incurred as a result of, or in connection with your breach of these guidelines.
Schedule B
Mobfox SDK Minimum Privacy Terms
A publisher will embed the following Mobfox SDK Minimum Privacy Terms in the publisher’s privacy notice to end users.
Interest-Based Ads
We may share your personal information with Mobfox US LLC and its affiliates (Mobfox), a leading digital performance-based advertising group. Mobfox puts great efforts in making sure that your personal information is safe and used properly.
Mobfox collects personal information from mobile applications and devices, subject to permission, such as your gender, age, location and other attributes. Further collected data includes your device attributes (such as model, make, device agent details, device ID) and traffic/session information, including session durations, IP address and additional activity information. Mobfox may use additional users’ statistical analysis-driven data, such as your age group, areas of interest and general location.
Mobfox uses this information to analyze trends, understand users’ activities and gather demographic information to enable, manage and develop its interest-based ads related services, and share data with affiliates and business partners.
For the main business operation, Mobfox relies on the consent as a legal basis for processing of personal information. Mobfox also retains your information in accordance with Mobfox’s legitimate business purposes for processing the information (i.e. to ensure security, prevent fraud and debug and to technically deliver ads or content). Thereafter the data is removed, archived for restricted legitimate interests, or anonymized. Non-identifying information may be kept without time and use limitations.
In both iOS and Android devices you may signal your wish to opt out of receiving interest-base ads via your device settings.
At any time, you may contact Mobfox’s Privacy Team: PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com with any question or complaint about the use of your data, or with a request to exercise your rights under the applicable law, including, to the extent applicable, your rights of access, rectification, portability, erasure, restriction of processing, objection to processing, profiling and automated processing, the right to revoke a consent and submit a complaint to the applicable supervisory authority. Mobfox may need to ask you to provide certain credentials to verify your identity.
The above terms describe the essentials of Mobfox’s privacy practices for mobile applications and devices. For further information on how Mobfox uses and secures your information, please visit the Mobfox Privacy Policy at: https://www.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/, as amended from time to time.
Annex A
DATA PROTECTION ADDENDUM
This Data Protection Addendum (the “DPA”) is attached to the Publisher Terms and Conditions (the “Agreement”) between Mobfox US LLC and its affiliated companies under the name Mobfox (“Mobfox”), and the partner accepted the Agreement (“Partner”). Partner and Mobfox may also be referred to herein as a "Party"; and collectively as the "Parties".
The Parties agree that this DPA is designed to set forth the Parties` obligations resulting from Applicable Laws.
1.	DEFINITIONS
In this DPA, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
1.1	“EEA” means the European Economic Area.
1.2	“GDPR” means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 679/2016.
1.3	“Applicable Laws” means all applicable laws governing the handling of Personal Data, including without limitation:
(a)	the GDPR and any legislation which amends, re-enacts or replaces it in an EEA member state;
(b)	any legislation of England and Wales or an EEA member state that implements Directive 2002/58/EC of the European Union Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector; and at all times, any other data protection laws and regulations applicable in an EEA member state or in England and Wales;
(c)	the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et. Seq, in each case all the foregoing as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time (“CCPA”);
(d)	any other data protection laws in the applicable territory as amended, replaced, supplemented or superseded.
1.4	“Affiliate” means any legal entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with a Party to the Agreement, where “control” means the ownership of a majority share of the voting stock, equity, or voting interests of such entity.
1.5	“Personal Data” shall mean any information that is capable of identifying an individual, including but not limited to, IP addresses, location data, device identifiers, cookie IDs or other identifiers as defined in Applicable Laws.
1.6	“Controller” means a person or entity which determines the purposes and the means of processing of Personal Data.
1.7	“Processor” means a person or entity which performs the processing of Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
1.8	“Personnel” shall mean any staff (including, without limitations, temporary, casual and unpaid workers) and sub-contractors employed or appointed by the Party.
1.9	The terms “Data Subject(s)”, “Supervisory Authority”, “Processing” and “Personal Data Breach” shall have the meanings ascribed to them on the Applicable Laws. To the extent that the CCPA is applicable, the definition of “Personal Data” includes “Personal Information”; the definition of “Data Subject” includes “Consumer”; the definition of “Controller” includes “Business”; and the definition of “Processor” includes “Service Provider”, all as defined under the CCPA.
1.10	"Services" means services provided pursuant to the terms of the Agreement in connection with the use by Partner of Mobfox Mobile Advertising Network.
1.11	“Standard Contractual Clauses” or “SCCs” means depending on the circumstances unique to the Customer, any of the following:
(a)	UK Standard Contractual Clauses, and
(b)	2021 Standard Contractual Clauses, where:
“UK Standard Contractual Clauses" or “UK SCCs” means Standard Contractual Clauses for data controller to data processor transfers approved by the European Commission in decision 2004/915/EC available
here
or as updated, amended, replaced or superseded from time to time by the competent UK regulatory authority.
“2021 Standard Contractual Clauses” or “2021 SCCs” means the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission in decision 2021/914 available
here
or as updated, amended, replaced or superseded from time to time by the European Commission.
2.	OBLIGATIONS IN RELATION TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
2.1	For the purposes of this DPA, the Parties agree that in the performance of the Services under the Agreement, Partner and Mobfox may share with each other Personal Data. For the avoidance of the doubts, no sensitive data or special categories of data shall be transferred by the Partner to Mobfox.
2.2	The Parties further agree that Partner and Mobfox are each separate and independent Controllers of the Personal Data that both Parties may exchange in the performance of the Agreement and hence responsible for complying with Applicable Laws. For avoidance of doubt, the Parties shall not determine the purposes and the means of Processing together and shall not function in the capacity of Joint Controllers (as defined in the GDPR).
2.3	Partner represents that the Personal Data which shall be provided by Partner in the performance of the Agreement was collected and processed lawfully including but not limited to by obtaining all necessary consents from Data Subjects and provision of appropriate notices to the Data Subjects in compliance with Applicable  Laws and subject to any technical limitations and other exclusions available under Applicable Laws. In particular, the Partner represents and warrants that either: a) to the extent the Personal Data of the EEA Data Subjects is transferred, it is a participant in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (“TCF”) and will adhere to TCF rules and guidelines, or b) that it has otherwise obtained any legally required consent to the collection, use and disclosure of the Personal Data to allow Mobfox to process it in connection with the Services. The Partner shall notify Mobfox of any changes in, or revocation of the permission to use, disclose or otherwise process the Personal Data it provided to Mobfox under the Agreement that would impact the ability of Mobfox to comply with this DPA and Applicable Laws.
2.4	Each Party shall be individually and separately responsible for complying with the obligations that apply to it as a Controller under Applicable Laws. Each party shall maintain a publicly accessible privacy policy on its website that is in compliance with Applicable Laws.
2.5	The Partner shall comply with all the requirements of the Applicable Laws, including but not limited to CCPA or the US Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). The Partner shall not share with Mobfox any personal information (as defined under CCPA or COPPA respectively) of consumers who either: (i) were not provided with any notifications required under CCPA and/or COPPA, or (ii) were not provided with an option to opt out from a sale under the CCPA and in accordance with its requirements. Any (i) notification regarding a consumer’s election pursuant to any privacy related rights available to the consumer under applicable privacy and data protection legislation that Mobfox is required to comply with, (ii) third-party or consumer requests or complaints regarding the processing of personal information, or (iii) government or consumer requests for access to or information about processing of personal information on Mobfox’s behalf, shall be notified to Mobfox by the Partner promptly and in any event in order to allow Mobfox enough time to meet any obligations under the CCPA and/or COPPA.
3.	CONFIDENTIALITY
Each Party undertakes to protect the confidentiality of the Personal Data by:
3.1.	Taking reasonable steps to ensure that access of its Personnel to the Personal Data is limited to a need to know and/or access basis.
3.2.	In particular, the Parties shall ensure that each of the Parties’ employees, contractors, (or any other Personnel contracted by the Party’s to perform each Party’s respective obligations under the Agreement) and receiving such access, are subject to written confidentiality undertakings or professional or statutory obligations of confidentiality in connection with their access to and use of Personal Data.
4.	DATA SECURITY
Each Party undertakes to protect the Personal Data received from the other Party under the Agreement and to put in place and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful Processing or accidental destruction, loss or damage, taking into account the state of the art, the cost of implementation and the nature, scope, context and Purposes of Processing, as well as the risks, of varying likelihood and severity, to the rights and freedoms of natural persons. Measures to be taken include, in particular, measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of systems and measures to ensure continuity of processing after incidents.
5.	PERSONAL DATA BREACHES
5.1	Each Party shall notify the other Party without undue delay from the moment of becoming aware of any Personal Data Breach with respect of Personal Data received from the other Party. Such notification shall include the following information, to the extent in the possession and control of the Party suffering the Personal Data Breach and to the extent possible: the types and number of Data Subjects affected, the categories of Personal Data affected, the possible cause of the Personal Data Breach, the possible adverse consequences and the likelihood of their occurrence. If the information is not available at the first instance, it shall be provided in phases.
5.2	Each Party shall co-operate with the other Party, to the extent reasonably requested in relation to notifications to a Supervisory Authority or to Data Subjects which are required following a Personal Data Breach involving Personal Data Processed pursuant to this DPA or otherwise enabling the other Party to comply with its obligations under Applicable Laws.
6.	TRANSPARENCY AND RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT
Each Party shall be individually responsible for responding to lawful data protection requests that it receives from the Data Subjects in respect of Personal Data it processes. To the extent that either Party (the “Receiving Party”) receives a request relating to processing performed by the other Party, the other party shall provide such information and assistance as it is reasonably necessary to the Receiving Party to enable the Receiving Party to respond to such request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
7.	TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
7.1	Where the Party’s establishment undertaking the data Processing is located outside the EEA or in any other cases in which Processing is being performed in a location is not one which the European Commission (“EC”) considers providing adequate protection of Personal Data, it will ensure that any Processing by the Party is governed by:
7.1.1	the provisions of the Standard Contractual Clauses (as amended and superseded from time to time); or
7.1.2	any other safeguards as applicable, mentioned in the relevant Articles of the GDPR.
7.2	UK SCCs. The parties agree that the UK SCCs will apply to the international data transfers, where UK GDPR is applicable and the Personal Data is transferred by the Partner to Mobfox via the Services, either directly or via onward transfer, to any country or recipient outside of the UK that is not recognized by the competent UK regulatory authority or governmental body for the UK as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data. The UK SCCs will be deemed entered into (and incorporated into this DPA by this reference) and completed as follows:
(a) The illustrative indemnification clause will not apply.
(b) In Appendix 1 the information shall be as described in subsection 7.3. (b) (vi) below.
(c) Schedule 1 (Details of Processing) of this DPA serves as Appendix 1 of the UK SCCs.
(d) Schedule 2 (Technical and Organizational Security Measures) of this DPA serves as Appendix 2 of the UK SCCs.
7.3	2021 SCCs.  For the international data transfers, where the GDPR is applicable and the Personal Data is transferred by the Partner to Mobfox via the Service, 2021 SCCs will apply in the following manner:
(a) Module One (Controller to Controller) will apply to the relations of the parties.
(b) For Module One:
(i) in Clause 7, the option docking clause will not apply;
(ii) in Clause 11, the optional language will not apply;
(iii) in Clause 17 (Option 1), the Standard Contractual Clauses will be governed by the laws of Cyprus;
(v) in Clause 18(b), disputes will be resolved before the courts of Cyprus;
(vi) In Annex I, Part A:
Data Exporter: Partner and authorized affiliates of the Partner.
Contact Details:  Contact email indicated in the Partner`s account.
Data Exporter Role:  The Data Exporter’s role is outlined in Section 2.2 of this DPA.
Signature & Date:  By entering into the Agreement, Data Exporter is deemed to have signed these Standard Contractual Clauses incorporated herein, including their Annexes, as of the Effective Date of the Agreement.
Data Importer:  Mobfox US LLC
Contact Details: Mobfox Privacy Team - privacycompliance@mobfox.com
Data Importer Role: The Data Importer’s role is outlined in Section 2.2 of this DPA.
Signature & Date: By entering into the Agreement, Data Importer is deemed to have signed these Standard Contractual Clauses, incorporated herein, including their Annexes, as of the Effective Date of the Agreement.
(vii) In Annex I, Part B: the information shall be as described in Schedule 1 to this DPA.
(viii) In Annex I, Part C: applicable competent authorities shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of clause 13 of the 2021 SCCs.
(ix) Schedule 2 to this DPA serves as Annex II of the Standard Contractual Clauses.
7.4	The parties acknowledge that clause 2 of the 2021 SCCs (or clause 10 of the UK SCCs respectively) permits them to include additional business-related terms provided they do not contradict with the SCCs. Accordingly, this section 7.4. sets out the Parties' interpretation of their respective obligations under specific clauses identified below. Where a Party complies with the interpretations set out in this section, that Party shall be deemed by the other Party to have complied with its commitments under the SCCs:
Liability. Any claims brought under the SCCs shall be subject to the terms and conditions, including but not limited to, the exclusions and limitations set forth in the Agreement. In no event, shall any Party limit its liability with respect to any data subject rights under the SCCs.
8.	SUPERVISORY AUTHORITIES
8.1	If the Partner receives a complaint, notice or communication from a competent data protection authority which relates to the processing of Personal Data in the context of Mobfox Services under the agreement, it shall, to the extent permitted by law, promptly notify Mobfox and provide such information as may reasonably requested.
8.2	Both Parties agree to reasonably cooperate and assist each other in relation to any regulatory inquire, complaint or investigation concerning the Personal Data shared between the Parties.
9.	TERMINATION
This DPA shall terminate automatically upon the termination of the Agreement, provided however, that each Party’s obligations under this DPA will apply for so long as the other Party has access to it’s Personal Data.
10.	ORDER OF PRECEDENCE
10.1	Nothing in this DPA reduces each Party’s obligations under the Agreement in relation to the protection of Personal Data.
10.2	Subject to Section ‎10.1, with regard to the subject matter of this DPA, in the event of inconsistencies between the provisions of this DPA and any other agreements between the Parties, including the Agreement and including (except where explicitly agreed otherwise in writing, signed on behalf of the Parties) agreements entered into or purported to be entered into after the date of this DPA, the provisions of this DPA shall prevail.
10.3	Each Party’s liability arising out of or related to this DPA, whether in contract, tort or under any other theory of liability, is subject to any limitation of liability as set forth in the Agreement and any reference to such limitation of liability of a Party means the aggregate liability of the Party under the Agreement and this DPA together. Additionally, each Party shall be independently liable for its own Processing of Personal Data to the extent such Processing does not comply with Applicable Laws.
11.	SEVERANCE
Should any provision of this DPA be invalid or unenforceable, then the remainder of this DPA shall remain valid and in force. The invalid or unenforceable provision shall either be (i) amended as necessary to ensure its validity and enforceability, while preserving the Parties’ intentions as closely as possible or, if this is not possible, (ii) construed in a manner as if the invalid or unenforceable part had never been contained therein.
12.	LAW AND JURISDICTION
This DPA (including any non-contractual matters and obligations arising therefrom or associated therewith) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the same laws applicable to the Agreement. Any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim between the Parties relating to this DPA (including any non-contractual matters and obligations arising therefrom or associated therewith) shall fall within the jurisdiction of the courts of the jurisdiction set forth in the Agreement.
Schedule 1
Details of Processing
1.	Nature and Purpose of the Processing. Frequency of the transfer. Mobfox will Process Partner`s Personal Data as necessary to provide the Service under the Agreement. The Personal Data can be transferred on a continuous basis as necessary for the performance of Service.
2.	Processing Activities. Partner`s Personal Data will be subject to the basic processing activities necessary for the provision of Mobfox Services, including, without limitation, enabling publishers and other supply partners as well as DSPs and other demand partners to market, sell and buy advertising inventory, provision of advertising or marketing services, auditing related to interactions with the Customer, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, performing services  such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services and other certain one-time uses.
3.	Duration of Processing. As necessary for the provision of Services under the Agreement.
4.	Categories of Data Subjects. Partner’s end users.
5.	Categories of Personal Data.  Partner`s data which can be provided to Mobfox for provision of Services, including the following attributes of the Bid Request, which can be considered as personal data: device identifiers such as mobile advertising IDs, IP address, geo location, lat and lon (in the geo object), i.e. latitude and longitude coordinates, user ID (including buyer ID), cookie ID, year of birth, gender; city and zip data.
6.	Sensitive Data or Special Categories of Data. Partners are prohibited from including sensitive data or special categories of data in the data transferred to Mobfox.
7.	 Sub-processors. The Partner`s Personal Data can be also transferred to sub-processors.
Schedule 2
Technical & Organizational Security Measures
Where applicable, this Schedule 2 will serve as Annex II to the Standard Contractual Clauses. The following table provides more information regarding Mobfox`s technical and organizational security measures set forth below:
1. Physical Access Controls:
- classification of persons who are granted physical access;
- electronic access control;
- implementation of measures for on-premise security;
- alarm device or security service outside service times;
- issuance of access ID badges or visitor badges.
2. Logical Access Controls:
- сlassification and accountability of persons who may access data processing equipment;
- approved users are issued with unique credentials, which must not be shared with or communicated to any other person;
- regular review to ensure that only those persons who require access to systems are provided with such access;
- password protection for devices and system access;
- implementation of company policies for external contractors;
- Mobfox`s agreements with any sub-processors contain strict confidentiality obligations.
3. Data Access Control:
- allocation of separate terminals/workstations and of ID-parameters exclusively to specific functions;
- implementation of partial access rights for respective data and functions;
- implementation of policy on access- and user-roles;
- evaluation of protocols in case of damaging incidents;
- access to the data is promptly removed upon termination of relations or change of role;
- Mobfox monitors access to applications, tools, and Mobfox resources that process or store customer data, including cloud services.
4. Cryptographic Techniques:
- data encryption.
5. Computer and Network Security:
- сontrols to manage the use of removable media in order to prevent unauthorised disclosure, modification, removal or destruction of personal data stored on it;
- password security procedures;
- description of a process to detect any unauthorised access or anomalous use;
- effective anti-malware defences to protect computers from malware infection;
- monitoring user and system activity to identify and help prevent data breaches;
- boundary firewalls to protect computers from external attack and exploitation.
6. Availability control
-	implementation a regular backup schedule;
-	 control of condition and respective labelling of data carriers for data backup purposes;
-	 safe storage of data backups in fire- and water-protected security cabinets;
-	 implementation and regular control of emergency power systems and overvoltage protection systems;
-	 implementation of an emergency plan;
-	 protocol on the initiation of crisis- and/or emergency management.
7. Organizational measures
-	Mobfox regularly performs assessments on the effectiveness of administrative, organizational, technical and physical safeguards reasonably designed to protect the services and confidentiality, integrity and availability of personal data.
-	Mobfox has adopted measures for ensuring accountability, such as implementing data protection policies across the business, maintaining documentation of processing activities, recording and reporting security incidents involving personal data, and appointing a Data Protection Officer.
Privacy policy.
Last update – 4th March 2022
Mobfox US LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“
Mobfox
”, “
we
”, “
Us
” or “
Our
”) put great efforts in making sure that we secure and use your personal information (hereinafter: “
Personal Information
”) properly.
Mobfox is an international digital marketing company providing advertisers, agencies, publishers and application developers (“
Customers
”) with a wide range of digital and programmatic advertising solutions (“
Service
”).
This policy (the “
Policy
”) explains our privacy practices for processing Personal  Information on Mobfox’s advertising solutions and platforms and Mobfox’s Website (the “
Site
”). We process your Personal Information subject to the terms of this Policy.
This Policy applies to information that we may process:
About visitors who visit, use, or interact with the Site and/or people who may contact us with enquiries;
About Customers and employees (contractors or other contact persons) of our Customers; and
About individuals who visit our Customers’ websites and/or apps (“
End Users
”).(collectively, “you”, “user”)
1. THE SERVICE
Mobfox provides Customers custom digital and programmatic based advertising solutions supported by proprietary platforms and optimization technologies. As such, Mobfox has no direct interaction with the individuals that visit Customers’ websites and/or apps.
The Personal Information Mobfox collects is typically used for Real-Time Bidding complex technological tools or platforms that enable advertising buyers to bid in “real time” for the opportunity to show an online advertisement when a web page is loaded,  an app and/or any other digital media source is used by the End User.
We collect information you provide to our Customers and information about your device as further described in the Policy.
When processing Personal Information about the End Users we receive from our Customers within provision of the Service, Mobfox is an independent controller of your Personal Information. Our Customers are also independent controllers of your Personal Information.
2. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
Mobfox processes personal data that we receive from our Customers, you or a party on your behalf (for example your employer) in the context of our business. To the extent necessary and in order to provide our Service and comply with our contractual, policies and/or other obligations we also process personal information that may be obtained from publicly available sources.
Personal Information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (known as “anonymous data”).
2.1. Visitors to our Site and people who contact us with enquiries
We, or third parties on our behalf, collect and use personal information which may include:
Personal Information of our Site’s visitors, when they contact us or interact with the Site;
your inquiry and/or general information about your interest in our Service;
first and last name, email address, telephone number or any other information visitor can provide when communicating with us by email, fax, phone or otherwise.
When you access our Site, our servers log certain ‘traffic/session’ information from your device, such as your user agent and the Internet Protocol (IP) address.
When you use our Site, we may collect information about your activity, for example your log-in and log-out time, the duration of sessions, viewed web-pages or specific content on web-pages, activity measures and geo-location of your device.
The Site will also include links to third-party social media websites such as Facebook®, Twitter®, LinkedIn® and Google+®, as well as associated social media features and scripts, such as the Facebook® “like” button and widgets.
These features and scripts will collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Site, and will set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by the applicable third party social media website or hosted directly on the Site.
Your interactions with these social media features and widgets, as well as your interactions with the social media websites themselves, are governed by the privacy policies of the applicable social media websites.
If you submit Personal Information in a comment on a blog post or on any applicable social media website, you should be aware that the Personal Information that you submit can be read, collected or used by others and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or otherwise contact you without your consent or desire.
We are not responsible for the Personal Information that you choose to submit in these forums.
When you contact us, or when we contact you, we will receive and process any Personal Information that you provide us.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied Customers on the Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we will post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
2.2. Customers and employees (contractors or other contact persons) of our Customers (including prospective Customers)
We, or third parties on our behalf, collect and use personal information which may include:
Your first and last name, telephone number, company’s name and email address for Service registration and notice purposes. We will also collect your payment details to process your payment for the provision of the Service;
your company’s name, line of business, date and place of incorporation, registration number and registered office, directors, shareholders, beneficial owners and their personal information as provided herein with respect to individuals;
information provided for verification of identity or residence (including copies of passport or other personal document, utility bill);
social media usernames/handles;
details and copies of the documents confirming the right and legality of business establishment;
information you provide when you communicate with us by email, fax, phone or otherwise contact customer service.
2.3. End Users
We, or third parties on our behalf, collect and use personal information which may include:
Personal Information that the End User provides to the Customers, including but not limited to, age or gender;
information about the End User’s device including device dimensions, model, manufacturer, operating system including its version and connection type, device identifiers such as mobile advertising IDs (e.g., Apple's iOs Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) or Google's Android Advertising ID (AAID), geographic location data when location services have been enabled for an app on an End User’s device that has integrated our Service and the IP address from which the device accesses a Customer’s website or app;
Personal Information about an End User’s behavior on our Customers’ websites or apps, such as information about the activities or actions on those websites or apps, session start/stop time;
information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether the End User clicked on it, the number of times an End User has seen the ad, and whether the End User visited the Customer’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We use and deploy digital identifiers to automatically collect certain information. Some of this information may identify a particular computer or device and may be considered Personal Information.
We obtain such information by using digital identifiers. You can find more information on our digital identifiers below:
Beacons, Pixels and Tags: Beacons (also sometimes referred to as web beacons or pixels) and tags enable online advertising companies to collect data, serve advertising, and provide related services, such as measurement or fraud prevention, on websites by allowing communication between a web browser and a server. A beacon is a small transparent image that is placed on a web page.
A tag is a small piece of computer code that is run by the web browser.
Mobile SDK: A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a beacon or tag (see Beacons and Tags above). The SDK is a piece of computer code that publishers include in their apps to enable ads to be shown and to enable related services, such as measurement or fraud prevention, including by collecting and analyzing data which is available through the device on which the mobile SDK is installed.
Cookie: A cookie is a small text file that is stored in a web browser by a website or ad server. By saving information in a cookie, websites and servers can remember preferences or recognize browsers from one visit to another or from one website to another.
Non-Cookie Technology: Today’s online world is becoming increasingly complex, with a proliferation of new devices, software platforms, online services and other technology. As such, cookies are not always available. Therefore, companies are using alternative methods to distinguish devices. For example, some platforms, such as Apple’s iOS and Google’s Play Services for Android, provide unique IDs to be used for advertising. Most mobile devices are assigned unique identifiers that also may be used to distinguish devices. Additionally, it is possible to use mathematical techniques to make intelligent guesses about recognizing devices.
3. HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION, AND WHICH LEGAL BASIS SUPPORTS SUCH USE?
We will collect, use and store the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
1.	Providing the Service
When providing the Service to our Customers we may use the Personal Information about the End users for the following purposes:
a.
Serving Ads
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users to allow our Publisher Customers to offer advertising inventory on their websites and/or apps to bid on and fill that inventory with relevant ads.
b.
Interest-Based Advertising
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users to serve targeted ads to End Users for our Customers, based on the End User’s activity across websites and mobile apps, and information regarding an End User’s inferred commercial interests.
c.
Ad Reporting and Conversions
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users to provide information and reports to our Advertising Customers about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited the product marketed via their ads.
c.
Geo-Targeting
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users to customize ads shown to our End Users based on their current or prior location.
d.
Ad Measurement
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users to understand how End Users respond to ads (e.g., clicking on the ad).
e.
Aggregated Statistics
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users for reports on aggregated statistics regarding, for example, the effectiveness of online advertising campaigns.
f.
Cross-Device Mapping
:
We enable cross-device mapping (the process of making inferences that certain devices are related to each other, i.e. they belong to the same End User or household), in order to serve or measure advertising on related devices on behalf of our Customers.
g.
Fraud Detection and Prevention
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users to identify invalid clicks (or ad queries) and protecting Mobfox’ Customers from fraudulent behavior.
h.
Ensure Security and
Debug
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users on order to identify and eliminate errors in our Service and ensure that systems and processes work properly and securely.
i.
Frequency Capping
:
We collect Personal Information about the End Users across our Customers’ websites and applications to prevent End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
If you are located in the EEA, or the United Kingdom, our publishers who would like us to serve you personalized ads must first obtain your consent so that Mobfox and Mobfox’ Customers can process your Personal Information for this purpose. Some publishers may choose to obtain your consent for this purpose even if you are located outside of these regions. If you provide your consent, we will process your Personal Information described above for the purpose of serving you personalized advertising that Mobfox and Mobfox’ Customers believe is relevant to you. If you do not consent to Mobfox processing your personal data for personalized advertising purposes, we will still may process Personal Information for certain non-personalized advertising purposes in light of our legitimate interest. For example, we may process personal data in order to serve contextual advertisements, and to conduct the Frequency Capping, Fraud Detection and Prevention, and Ensure Security and Debug activities described above. We may also continue processing personal data where we believe that it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights or safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect the rights or property of Mobfox and our Customers.
2. 	Contacting our Customers:
We will use Personal Information about our Customers and/or employees (contractors or other contact persons) of our Customers to enable us to provide our Customers with our Service (including performance of due diligence) and otherwise comply with our contractual and other obligations as well as to comply with our internal policies.
We will processes use our Customers’ Personal Information to contact Customers when necessary, such as to send reminders and to provide information and notices about the Service.
We will also processes our Customers’ Personal Information to provide our Customers with technical and professional assistance, with regard to the Service they contracted to receive.
We may further use Personal Information to deal with any enquiries you have about our Service or Site or to provide support for any issues you have.
We process our Customers’ Personal Information where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract regarding the requested Service.
3.	Improvement of Our Service and Site
We use the Personal Information we collect to host, operate, maintain, secure, and further develop and improve our Service and Site, as well as to enable the Service's and Site`s  tools and features, study and analyze the functionality of the Service and Site, the Customers’ and the End Users' activities, to provide support, to measure the Service and/or Site`s activity for pricing purposes, to maintain the Service and to continue developing the Service and Site.
We process this Personal Information in light of our legitimate interest in improving the Service, to allow our users to have the best experience.
4.	Maintain a Safe and Secure Environment
We may use your Personal Information to detect and prevent fraud, abuse and security incidents; verify and authenticate your identity and prevent unauthorized or illegal activity; enhance the safety and security of our Service; conduct security investigations and risk assessments; comply with our internal policies, prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our terms of service or applicable law.
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest in improving our Service and enabling our users to browse in a secure environment.
5. 	Site Operation
We may use your Personal Information to allow you to access and use our Site, to receive enquiries from you through the Site, to ensure security of our Site, as well as for improvement, maintenance and technical support of the Site.
6.	Comply with a Legal Obligation
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use Personal Information to enforce our terms, policies and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of the Service, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We will process this Personal Information to comply with any applicable legal obligation.
7.	Business Administration
We may use the Personal Information for internal corporate reporting, business administration, ensuring adequate insurance coverage for our business, ensuring adequate bank financing for our business, ensuring the security and safety of company facilities, research and development, and to identify and implement business efficiencies. We may process your personal information for these purposes where it is in our legitimate interests to do so.
8.	Sending Marketing and Promotional Communications
We may collect Personal Information to send marketing and promotional communications in accordance with the users marketing preferences.  Note that you may opt out and stop receiving our marketing materials at any time.
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest in improving your experience of our Service and Site, by providing you with relevant information, personalized content, recommendations, and features.
4. HOW DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHERS?
We will share your Personal Information with our Customers, service providers and other third parties, if necessary to fulfil the purposes for collecting the information.
We will also share Personal Information with companies or organizations connected, or affiliated with us, such as subsidiaries, sister-companies and parent companies, where it is in our legitimate interests to do so for internal administrative purposes (for example, ensuring consistent and coherent delivery of our Service to our customers, corporate strategy, compliance, auditing and monitoring, research and development and quality assurance).
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties where it is in our legitimate interests to do so to run, grow and develop our business, such as:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, or those of our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
5. AGGREGATED AND ANALYTICAL INFORMATION
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see the ‘Cookies’ section in this Policy).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics and we will use additional or other analytics tools, from time to time. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
We use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy, because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically to you.
You can opt-out of our mailing lists and terminate your use of the Service. You can request Mobfox to stop collecting any personal information about you.
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. If you are a California resident, you are entitled to your California privacy rights.
6. YOUR CHOICE
At any time, you can unsubscribe from our mailing lists or newsletters, by sending us an opt-out request to:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
.
At any time, you can disable your account through your account page.
At any time, you can exercise your following opt-out options: (i) object to the disclosure of your Personal Information to a third party, other than to third parties who act as our agents to perform tasks on our behalf and under our instructions, or (ii) object to the use of your Personal Information for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which we originally collected such information, pursuant to this Policy, or you subsequently authorized such use. You can exercise your choice by contacting us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
.
We request and collect minimal Personal Information that we need for the purposes that we describe in this Policy. Following the termination or expiration of the Service, we will stop collecting any Personal Information from or about you. However, we will store and continue using or making available your Personal Information according with our data retention section in this Policy.
Some web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal. A DNT signal is a HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on the Service or through cross-site user tracking. Our Service does not respond to DNT signals.
If you do not want to be served with interest-based advertising on behalf of Mobfox, you may easily opt out of the data collection and targeted advertising services related to our Service. Please note that even if you opt-out, you may still receive content and advertising from us, however, such content and advertising shall not be target or interest-based.
Please read your device specific information to learn how to opt-out: Android-https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922.
iOS–https://support.apple.com/en-il/HT205223.
You may also contact us at
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
and we will be happy to assist you.
You may limit the disclosure of certain information by your mobile device to us and our Partners by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. For iOS mobile Devices, go to “Settings” from your Device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile Devices, go to “Google Settings” on your Device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.”
Our Partners may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their collection of information from and about you. Please refer to their privacy policies to learn more about the privacy practices of our Partners. Please note however, that we have no control and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our Partners.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at www.networkadvertising.org/choices, or www.youronlinechoices.eu and www.aboutads.info/choices/. You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics by following this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Mobfox Service is not intended for nor directed to individuals that are deemed to be children under applicable data protection or privacy laws (“children”), and we request that such children do not provide Personal Information through any of Mobfox’s Service. If you believe that Mobfox has inadvertently collected information from children in the course of the provision of the Service, please contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
to request the deletion of the information.
7. ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you find that the information on your account is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, please provide us the necessary information to correct it.
At any time, you can contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
and request to access the Personal Information that we keep about you. We will need to ask you to provide us certain credentials to make sure that you are who you claim to be and to the extent required under the applicable law, will make good-faith efforts to locate your Personal Information that you request to access.
If you are eligible for the right of access under the applicable law, you can obtain confirmation from us of whether we are processing Personal Information about you, and receive a copy of that data, so that you could:
verify its accuracy and the lawfulness of its processing;
request the correction, amendment or deletion of your Personal Information if it is inaccurate or if you believe that the processing of your Personal Information is in violation of applicable law.
We will use judgement and due care to redact from the data which we will make available to you, Personal Information related to others.
8. YOUR EU DATA SUBJECT RIGHT
In some jurisdictions, in particular those located within the European Union (the "EU") or within the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), you may be afforded specific rights regarding your Personal Information. Subject to such eligibility, you may have the following rights to:
1.	Request a rectification of your Personal Information where the information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete.
2.	Object to the processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
3.	Object to the processing of your Personal Information where our legal basis for that processing is that such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests.
4.	Object to automated decision-making (including profiling) in certain circumstances.
5.        Request the erasure of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, such as where processing is no longer necessary for the purpose it was originally collected for, and there is no compelling reason for us to continue to process or store it;
6.	Receive your Personal Information, or ask us to transfer it to another organization that you have provided to us, which we process by automated means, where our processing is either based on your consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
7.	You have a right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority of your habitual residence or place of work, regarding an alleged infringement of the GDPR.
A summary and further details about your rights under EU data protection laws, is available on the EU Commission’s website at:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en
.
Note that when you send us a request to exercise your rights, we will need to reasonably authenticate your identity and location. We will ask you to provide us credentials to make sure that you are who you claim to be and will ask you further questions to understand the nature and scope of your request.
If we need to delete your personal data following your request, it will take some time until we completely delete residual copies of your personal data from our active servers and from our backup systems.
If you have any concerns about the way we process your personal data, you are welcome to contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
. We will look into your inquiry and make good-faith efforts to respond promptly.
9. IAB EUROPE TRANSPARENCY AND CONSENT FRAMEWORK
If you are the End User located in the EEA or the UK, please note that we are registered as a Vendor (our registration number in IAB global vendor list is 311) with, support and encourage our Customers to use the
https://iabeurope.eu/tcf-for-vendors/
(the "
Industry Framework
") to provide you with dynamic transparency into and choice about the various third parties our Customers use to serve you ads, including ourselves.
When you visit a Publisher’s website or app, the Industry Framework is designed to allow the Publisher the means to choose which vendor may be allowed access to your device, process your Personal Information and provide dynamic transparency and choice to you about each of these vendors (either an opportunity for you to consent or opt out of data processing by the vendor depending on that vendor’s legal basis and use of your Personal Information).
10. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request in writing, a list of the categories of personally identifiable information which we have disclosed to third parties during the preceding year, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
.
a. Accessing Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you find that the information on your account is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, please provide us the necessary information to correct it. At any time, you can contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
and request to access the personally identifiable information that we keep about you. We will need to ask you to provide us certain credentials to make sure that you are who you claim to be and to the extent required under the applicable law, and we will make good-faith efforts to locate your personally identifiable information that you request to access.
b. California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA requires commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers, to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Once this Privacy Policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or on the first significant page after entering our Site.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on each page on the Site.
You can request to rectify your Personal Information by emailing us.
11. CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a Federal US law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the commercial message sent to you as an advertisement when required.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
12. DATA RETENTION
We retain different types of Personal Information for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes as well as pursuant to legal requirements under the applicable law.
For example, we will need to keep the information for several years due to tax related requirements, for accounts settling, record keeping, archiving and legal issues.
We will maintain your contact details, to help us stay in contact with you. At any time before or after the termination of your account, you can contact us at: PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them unless necessary, and for the necessary period, for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information, and to the extent reasonable we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information, when we no longer need to process the information.
As a Customer, as long as you use the Service, we will keep information about you, unless the law requires us to delete it, or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this Policy.
We will store and process information in various sites throughout the globe, including in sites operated and maintained by cloud-based service providers.
13. TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
We will store and process information in various sites throughout the globe, mainly in the US.
To the extent necessary under EU privacy laws and regulations, we will implement data onward transfer instruments, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses and such other lawful instruments to transfer Personal Information, as may be available from time to time.
We use cookies to make it easier for you to log-in and to facilitate Service activities.
14. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are small files that a web server sends to a user’s device, when the user browses online.
Your device removes session cookies when you close your browser session. Persistent cookies last for longer periods. You can view the expiry date of each cookie, through your browser settings. We may use both types to facilitate the use of the Service`s features and tools.
Every browser allows you to manage your cookies preferences. You can block or remove certain cookies, or all of them through your browser settings. Please bear in mind that blocking or removing cookies will have an effect on your user experience with our Service/ For example, you will need to re-enter your log-in details, or even prevent you from using features of the Service.
We may also use cookies for cross-devise tracking.
We also use clear gifs which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier (but do not retain any Personal Information), which are used to count user or visitor visits/clicks to web pages while using the Service.
We implement systems, applications and procedures to secure your Personal Information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
15. INFORMATION SECURITY
We and our hosting services implement systems, applications and procedures to secure your Personal Information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
These measures provide sound industry standard security. However, although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Service will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
16. CCPA PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are a California resident this CCPA Privacy Notice is applicable to Personal Information that we may process about you.
This part of our privacy policy contains disclosures and provisions required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “
CCPA
”) and applies only to “Personal Information” that is subject to the CCPA and only to California residents.
Collection, Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information
In the last 12 months, we collected the categories of Personal Information about California residents as described in this Privacy Policy including in this CCPA Privacy Notice. Our use of such Personal Information may qualify as a “Sale” under the CCPA, since the data we provide to third parties, including to our clients and partners might help us to generate valuable consideration. Even if our own use of Personal Information does not constitutes a “Sale” under the CCPA, our clients and partners may use our technology to buy or sell Personal Information as defined by the CCPA. If you wish to opt out of the use of your Personal Information for interest-based advertising purposes, you may do so by contacting us at: PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Personal and online identifiers (such as name, emails, unique online identifiers like cookies, mobile advertising IDs, etc.). Please note that we will not, however, sell any personal identifiers such as names and emails and they will be used only for our internal purposes as described in greater depth in other parts of our Privacy Policy.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, interactions with a website or advertisement).
Geolocation information.
Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above.
Such Personal Information was received from the categories of sources of information set forth below, was collected for all of the purposes set forth below and was sold, used or shared to the third parties listed below:
Categories of Sources
: We collect this personal information from the following categories of sources: Publishers; Demand Partners; service providers (e.g. fraud prevention services, identity resolution platforms, Vendors on our website).
Why We Collect, Use, and Share California Information
: We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as described in greater depth in other parts of our Privacy Policy. These commercial and business purposes include, without limitation: (i) Providing our products and services, including, without limitation, enabling publishers and other supply partners as well as DSPs and other demand partners to market, sell and buy advertising inventory, (ii) Other business purposes as identified in the CCPA, which include: advertising or marketing services, auditing related to our interactions with you, legal compliance, detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity, performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics, internal research for technological improvement, internal operations, activities to maintain and improve our services and other certain one-time uses.
Recipients of California Personal Information
: To the extent our use of Personal Information constitutes a “Sale” under the CCPA, we “sell” Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: (i) DSPs and other demand partners (including, without limitation, demand-side platforms, ad agencies and advertisers), (ii) publishers and other supply partners, and (iii) advertising technology companies (including, without limitation, data management platforms used by our partners). We disclose (or might disclose) the categories of Personal Information designated above to the following categories of third parties, for the above commercial and business purposes: Service providers (as defined by the CCPA), government entities (upon request and to the extent we are obligated to do so), advertisers, publishers, other demand and supply partners, internet and other services providers such as fraud protection vendors and data analytics companies.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations: (i) the right to know categories and specific Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you over the past twelve (12) months, categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information, our purposes for collecting or selling your Personal Information, the categories of your Personal Information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared Personal Information, (ii) the right to request that we delete the Personal Information we have collected from you or maintain about you, (iii) the right to opt out of any “sale” of your Personal Information and (iv) the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us at: PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the Personal Information we hold about you, if any, and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
Minors under 16
Without derogating from any of our statements above, we do not sell the personal information of consumers that we know to be under 16 years of age.
Contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
17. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices, to make sure that we comply with this Policy, to update the Policy when we believe that we need to, and to verify that we display the Policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about the way we process your Personal Information, you are welcome to contact us at: PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com, or write to us. Our address is published on our website at: www.mobfox.com.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
We will update our Policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
18. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we will update this Policy. If the updates have minor if any consequences, they will take effect 7 days after we post a notice on the Service’s website. Substantial changes will be effective 15 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy you can choose not to accept it and terminate your use of the Service. Continuing to use the Service after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
You can see the old privacy policy here
https://old.mobfox.com/privacy-policy/
.
Contact Us
Please contact us at:
PrivacyCompliance@mobfox.com
for further information.
Cookies policy.
INTRODUCTION
This Cookies Policy is issued by Mobfox US LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (referred to as  “we”, “us”, “our” or “Mobfox” in this Cookies Policy).
This policy applies to our use of “cookies” in connection with Mobfox website (“Website”).
We use cookies on our  Website to help make your  visits more effective so we’d like to explain more about how and why we use them.  By continuing to browse our Website without adjusting your browser settings to block cookies (for information about how to do this please see below), you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
1. WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit a website. They help websites remember information about your visit, like your country, language and other settings. They can also help make your next visit easier.
We use Cookies to help you efficiently browse our Website and to save you time by not having to re-enter your details each time you visit.  Cookies allow us to provide you with information and show you content relevant to you.  We also use Cookies to analyse how our customers interact with our Website so we can improve the customer journey.
2. HOW WE USE COOKIES?
The cookies used on this Website are either set by Mobfox or by its third party partners.
Cookies used on this Website fall into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary
Performance
Functionality
Targeting
Some of these are “session cookies”, which stay in place only for the duration of your visit to our Website and are deleted at the end of your browsing session. Others are “persistent cookies”, which remain on your device for a period of time after you have left the website.
1. Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features. If you remove or disable these Cookies, we cannot guarantee that you will be able to use our Website
or benefit from all our security features
.
These Cookies contain a unique reference number which, for example, helps us to:
identify you as logged in to secure parts of our Website for the duration of your visit;
remember information you have previously entered to complete a form on our Website.
2. Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies collect information about how visitors use our Website.  They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website and are used to, for example::
analyse how visitors use our Website;
record any errors that occur;
test different designs of our Website; and
measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
Performance Cookies don’t collect any information that could identify you.
3. Functionality cookies
These Cookies are used to provide services or to remember choices you make so we can personalise our content for you (for example, by remembering your choice of language or region).
We use this information
to customise your experience of our Website to meet your preferences for content layout, text size etc.
You can manage these Cookies using your browser settings, however if you block them we may not be able to offer you certain services that you have chosen.
4. Targeting Cookies
These Cookies record the fact that you have visited our Website, including which web pages you have accessed, which device you have accessed them from and which links you have followed.
We may use this information, for example:
for fraud and website abuse detection purposes, including detecting players who have abused bonus schemes or other promotions, or engaged in arbitrage betting;
to deliver online content and marketing (e.g. via email) tailored to your interests, or online experiences; and
for providing advertising agencies with information about your visit so that they can show you relevant adverts online.
Please note that any direct communications will be conducted in line with our Privacy Policy and any preferences you have provided regarding receipt of direct marketing communications.
You can manage these Cookies using your browser settings, however, if you block them, we may not be able to offer you certain functionality within the Website.
3. ACCEPT OR BLOCK COOKIES
Most browsers have cookies enabled by default but you are able to change your cookies settings, which are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your internet browser.
You can block any cookies from any website by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of some or all cookies. However, if you block all cookies you may not be able to access all or part of our Website. You can also use your browser settings to delete cookies.  For more information about how to disable cookies in your browser please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
If you share the use of a computer, accepting or rejecting the use of cookies may affect all users of that computer.
If you would like more information about our privacy policy overall, please visit dedicated Privacy Policy.
­
­
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 22
https://mobilefuse.com/privacy-policy:
MOBILE
FUSE
Privacy Policy
MobileFuse Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 06/04/2024
MobileFuse LLC and its affiliates (
“MobileFuse,” “we,” “our,”
or
“us”
) engages with companies, such as app publishers and app developers (“
Client(s)
”), to serve ads on their digital properties through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the personal information that we gather on the subdomains and websites of
https://mobilefuse.com/
(“
Sites
”), or that we collect when you contact us directly to become a Client or that we collect directly through our Client's use of our advertising solutions (“
Services
”).
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
About Us
What Personal Information Do We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising & Cookies
Do-Not-Track Signals
Control Over Your Information
Your Opt-Out Choices
Children
Information Retention and Security
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
1.
About Us
MobileFuse obtains information from various entities. These entities are defined below by what they are referred to in this Privacy Policy and when their information is collected. Entities may overlap and are not exclusive categories.
Website Visitors:
When you visit our Sites or use the Sites to contact us directly for information.
Clients:
When you provide us information to engage our Services.
End Users:
When we collect and process information from individuals on behalf of our Clients.
Service Providers:
When you become a service provider to MobileFuse.
Employees and Applicants:
Through the MobileFuse candidacy process.
The use of “
you
” and “
your
” throughout this Privacy Policy will, depending on the context, refer to a MobileFuse Website Visitor, Client, or End User.
In providing our Services, Clients may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about End Users (“
User Information
”). Our Clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “
Digital Media Properties
”).
MobileFuse as a Data Controller:
For purposes of data protection laws, MobileFuse is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information (i) when you visit our websites; (ii) when you sign up for and use our Services, or (iii) when we use personal information for targeted advertising, cross-contextual behavioral advertising, or creating or supplementing user profiles for such purposes, and that personal information does not include a restricted processing signal.
MobileFuse as a Data Processor:
MobileFuse acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), when we process User Information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective Client, who is the data controller. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. MobileFuse is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Europe and IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. MobileFuse’s identification number within the framework is 909.
MobileFuse adheres to IAB CCPA Compliance Framework for Publishers & Technology Companies found here:
https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/IAB_CCPA-Compliance-Framework-for-Publishers-Technology-Companies.pdf
.
2.
What Personal Information Do We Collect
Information You Give Us.
You may give us information by signing up for an online account, entering information through our online forms or surveys, inputting information while using our Services, or contacting us by phone or email for information or Client Services.
The categories of information include:
Identifiers
, such as real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code
, such as name, address, telephone number, education, employment, or employment history.
Commercial information
, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization, and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information, and other details contained in your resume.
Education information.
Inferences
drawn from the above categories of information.
User Information Collected on Behalf of Clients.
When you view an advertisement distributed through MobileFuse on a site, app, or other digital media, we may collect information on you, your device, and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. MobileFuse may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. User Information we may collect includes:
(a)
Device identifiers
. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b)
Location information
, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c)
Network information
, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of Wi-Fi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d)
Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK)
, including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
(e)
Other information
about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
(f)
Advertisement information
. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g., games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g., whether the ad is a text, image, video, or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g., the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked, or otherwise interacted with the ad
(g)
Survey information
. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
User Information Received from Clients.
In the context of our Services, our Clients, partners, or Service Providers may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal User Information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites, or services so that we can effectively provide our Services.
We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
3.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with our Sites and Services, which includes:
- maintaining and servicing accounts,
- providing Services to Clients,
- processing and fulfilling orders and transactions,
- verifying Client information,
- processing payments,
- providing financing, and
- providing advertising or marketing services to you.
To provide analytic services, such as analyzing Client usage and improving services offered.
To conduct market research and project planning.
To detect security incidents, protect against fraudulent or other criminal activity, debug and repair errors, and maintain the overall quality and safety of our Sites.
To share your website visitor activity, through website cookies, with third-party marketing partners to market our services on our Sites and other websites that you may visit.
To fulfill our legal and financial obligations.
To provide you with employment opportunities.
Marketing.
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send, or you can contact us using the contact details provided in the “Contact Information” section below. You will still continue to receive service-related messages concerning products and services you have purchased (unless we have indicated otherwise).
User Information on Behalf of Clients.
Our clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “Digital Media Properties”). Our clients use information we collect on their behalf, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected, to deliver End users targeted advertising that the Client(s) believe will be of particular interest to those End Users. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
.
We also use User Information on behalf of Clients for other legitimate business interests, including to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, or locations.
For remarketing or retargeting on behalf of Clients (i.e., to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with).
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective.
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers with reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or Service Providers whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to End Users across multiple mobile devices, including over-the-top applications and smart televisions.
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times.
Build custom audience segments to enable Clients and partners to better target their advertisements and offers to End Users.
Improve our Services and assist Clients and partners in improving their products and services.
Detect, deter, and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems.
Process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are Clients and/or marketer Service Providers.
4.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Privacy Policy as follows:
Clients.
We share User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers' Digital Media Properties. Clients may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you.
Business Transfers.
We may share personal information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy.
Vital interest, legal rights, and compliance with laws.
We may share personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including:
to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of MobileFuse, our agents, Clients, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/or
to protect the safety of our employees and agents, our Clients, or any person.
Vendors, partners and other Service Providers.
We may share personal information with our vendors, partners, and other Service Providers who perform functions on our or our clients' behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, fraud prevention, hosting data, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services.
Aggregated Data.
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip information of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties or publish it. We reserve the right to make use of any such aggregated data as we see fit.
5.
Online Advertising & Cookies
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. You can view our Cookie Policy
here
.
6.
Do-Not-Track Signals
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not recognize or respond to browser initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
7.
Control Over Your Information
Email Communications.
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information.
If you have a MobileFuse service account with us, you can modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information). Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of, personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support through your MobileFuse account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
8.
Your Opt-Out Choices
MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our Clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information for targeted or personalized advertising.
There are several ways to opt out of receiving targeted advertising our clients may initiate using our technology. Note that different devices use different identifiers and different technologies, so that you must opt out separately from each browser and each device that you would like to be opted out. If you opt out of targeted advertising, we will no longer collect User Information described above from the opted-out device.
Device-Based.
Your device should give you the ability to opt-out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests (see “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” under your settings menu on Android devices or “Limit Ad Tracking” under your settings menu on iOS devices).
App-Based.
You may stop the collection of location information by particular apps or from your device as a whole at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. For more information on how to change your preferences, please see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Submission-Based.
When we are acting as a data processor for our Clients, our Clients are responsible for satisfying disclosure and consent requirements under applicable data protection laws. However, if you want to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for interested-based advertising, we can assist you. Please follow the steps below.
Step 1: Locate Your Digital Identifiers
For us to locate relevant records, we will need you to provide us with your digital identifiers. You can find your digital identifiers as follows:
Mobile Devices and other Internet Connected Devices
Certain mobile devices (for example, mobile phones or tablets using the iOS or Android operating systems) generate a persistent “Advertising Identifier” per device, which, among other things, can be used by third parties, like MobileFuse, for purposes of providing you with targeted advertising.
On iOS devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “IDFA,” “IFA,” or an “ID for Advertising.” On Android devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “Advertising ID.” Please follow instructions from your mobile device manufacturer on how to locate your specific Advertising Identifier.  The following link may also help you
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Step 2: Verify Your Digital Identifiers
To make sure that we are responding to the correct person, we also will need some supporting proof to demonstrate that the devices that have the digital identifiers you located in Step 1 are yours and that the information you are requesting relates to you. For digital identifiers located on a mobile device, please take a screenshot of the screen that displays the digital identifier.
We may also request that you respond to a few questions, so that we can appropriately verify your identity. Doing this helps us to validate that you have access to the device on which the digital identifiers have been placed (and that you are not an unauthorized third party attempting to “guess” digital identifiers).
Step 3: Submit to MobileFuse
Once you have located your digital identifiers and can provide us with verification (screenshots) of those digital identifiers, please contact us with details of the rights you wish to exercise. The easiest way to do so would be to submit the relevant information to our privacy email at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
. We request the following information:
Your full name.
The state and country in which you are located at the time you are making your request.
A clear statement indicating that you would like to opt out of interest-based advertising.
A full list of your digital identifiers with screenshots as set forth in Step 2 above.
9.
Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
10.
Information Retention and Security
We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as Unique Device ID, IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports.
In some cases, we may keep some of the User Information for longer periods of time where required under certain laws or to comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests – for example, those relating to corporate governance, taxation, money laundering and financial reporting legislation.
We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note that no transmission or storage of information, however, can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents.
11.
Third Party Websites and Services
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
12.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
13.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact MobileFuse's Privacy Team by e-mail at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
MobileFuse LLC
Attn: Compliance Team
PO Box 37
Stirling, NJ 07980
USA
14.
Region-Specific Disclosures
This Privacy Policy is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Services, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you.
14.1
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Several jurisdictions grant state residents certain rights and disclosures in relation to their personal information. We provide the following information to further help you understand your potential privacy rights. If you would like to exercise any right or inquire as to whether such rights are available to you, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section.
Request for Information or Deletion.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to know whether we are processing your personal information, and in some instances, you have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories listed below for the preceding 12 months. We have the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information. In responding to this right, we shall provide to you:
The categories of personal information we collect about you.
The categories of sources from which your personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting, selling, sharing, or disclosing your personal information, and the categories of personal information disclosed for such purpose(s).
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
The categories of personal information we have sold, if any, about you and the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
In addition, you may have the right to request we delete your personal information.
Request for Correction.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to request the correction or rectification of inaccurate information in the resident’s personal information.
Request for Portable Data.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive, in certain circumstances, a portable format of their personal information that allows the data to be transmitted to another entity.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information. MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes, you may do so by following the instructions under
Your Opt-Out Choices
section above.
Limiting the Use of Sensitive Personal Information.
Residents of California have the right to direct us to use or disclose sensitive personal information only for providing goods or services, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law. However, we do not collect sensitive personal information for any purpose.
Third Party Marketing.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Automated Processing & Profiling.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Right to Equal Service & Price.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive equal service and price, even if you exercise a privacy right.
Verification Process for Exercising Rights.
To protect our consumers’ privacy, we verify privacy rights requests to ensure that only you (or your authorized agent) can exercise rights pertaining to your personal information. As part of our verification process, we may request you to submit additional information.
If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a state resident, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Appeal Process.
If we do not decide to act in response to your request to exercise a right, we will provide a timely response detailing the reasons for not taking the action and, depending on your jurisdiction, any rights that you may have to appeal our decision.
14.2
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Lawful Bases for Processing (EEA and UK Individuals).
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), our legal bases for collecting and using your personal information is as follows:
The performance of your contract or to enter the contract and to take action on your requests. For example, the processing of your account registration.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing to you, and improvement of our services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatory retention periods. We may also collect your personal information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
EEA or UK Individuals’ Rights
. If you are from the EEA or UK, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your personal information;
Correct inaccurate information in your personal information;
Request erasure of your personal information without undue delay;
Request restriction of, in certain circumstances, the processing of your personal information;
Request receiving a portable copy of your personal information held by us, and to have that portable copy transmitted to another controller; and
To object to the processing of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the contact details provided in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy, and please specify which privacy right(s) you wish to exercise. We may need to verify your identity to honor your request.
International Transfers of Data.
The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States.
In the event of such a transfer by us, we ensure that: (i) the personal information is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you directing an inquiry to us via the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Protection Officer.
As part of our commitment to protecting your personal information, we have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) monitor compliance and provide advice. Our DPO’s contact information is
dpo@mobilefuse.com
.
PO BOX 37
STIRLING, NJ 07980
MOBILEFUSE, LLC | © 2025
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
PRIVACY & OPT-OUT
ADVERTISERS
PUBLISHERS
PROGRAMMATIC BUYERS
CREATIVE SHOWCASE
SUSTAINABILITY
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT
DEVELOPER
ABOUT US
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. We also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners in the United States. Select the types of cookies we can use.
Cookies policy
All
Essential
Sub-policy 23
https://mycodemedia.com/my-code-privacy-policy/:
0
We couldn't find the page you were looking for. This is either because:
There is an error in the URL entered into your web browser. Please check the URL and try again.
The page you are looking for has been moved or deleted.
You can return to our homepage by
clicking here
, or you can try searching for the
  content you are seeking by
clicking here
.
­
­
Sub-policy 24
https://nextmillennium.io/privacy-policy/:
×
Send Us a Message!
First name
*
Last name
*
Company name
*
Website URL
*
Email
*
Are you a:
*
Please Select
Web Publisher
Advertiser / Agency
Mobile App Publisher
Other
Briefly tell us how can we help you?
*
Preferred First Name
App name
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: July 23, 2024
Introduction and Overview
This Privacy Policy provides a comprehensive description of how Next Millennium Media Inc. (“Next Millennium” “we” “our” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you, as well as your rights and choices regarding such information. It applies to any personal data that we process.
To the extent permitted by law, by using our internet advertising exchange system (the “Service”) or interacting with us via another means, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure practices and other activities as described in this Privacy Notice.
If you are a Nevada, California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or Utah resident, please see the “Additional Disclosures” section below that applies to your state. If you are a resident of Canada, please see the “Additional Disclosure for Canada Residents” section below. If you are a Data Subject in the European Union or the United Kingdom, please see the “Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the European Union or United Kingdom” section below. If you have any questions or wish to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below.
Information Collection
Information We Collect Directly from Our Customers or Other Business Relations
We collect information for our own use about you when you use the Service or interact with us offline, including information you provide when you register an account, update your profile, access our content, make a purchase, or contact us. This data does not include any cookie data or other data collected automatically from users of our customers’ websites.
The following are the categories of information we collect directly and have collected directly in the last 12 months:
Contact Data including your first and last name, email address, postal address, and phone number.
Profile Data including your interests, inferences, preferences, and favorites.
Content including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback and questions to customer support).
Billing Data including your payment instrument number and billing address to process your payments.
Information Collected Automatically from End Users’ Devices
We automatically collect information when individuals use the Service by visiting a customer website. To do this, we may, among other methods, use various tracking technologies to automatically collect information when you use our customers’ websites, including the following:
Log Files: Which are files that record events that occur in connection with your use of the Service.
Cookies: Which are small data files stored on your device that act as a unique tag to identify your browser. These files can record information about your internet usage that occurs in connection with your use of the Service.
Pixels (also known as web beacons): Which is code embedded in a website, video, email, or advertisement that sends information about your use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains JavaScript code). When you access a website, video, email, or advertisement that contains a pixel, the pixel may send us information. Pixels are used along with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device. We may incorporate pixels from separate entities that allow us to track our conversions, bring you advertising via the Service, and provide you with additional functionality such as the ability to connect our Service with your social media account.
The categories of information we automatically collect for our own use in the last 12 months includes:
Service Use Data including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and advertisements you view, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
Device Data including data about the type of device or browser you use, cookie id, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, and your device’s regional and language settings.
IP Address which we use to determine imprecise location data (such as data that indicates a city or postal code level).
We also provide products and services for our customers which includes processing information about individual end users to be used for automated decision making and providing targeted advertising to end users at the direction of our customers on their behalf (“Customer Data”).
Customer Data includes demographic data, content, service use data, website browsing data, device data, device connectivity configuration data, and IP Address, among other information.
Our processing of Customer Data is governed by the terms of our service agreements with our customers and not this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for how our customers treat the information we process on their behalf, and we recommend you review their privacy notices and cookie policies.
For further information on your rights and choices regarding Customer Data, see the “Your Rights and Choices” section below.
Purposes of Processing the Information Collected for Our Own Use
We collect and use information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Notice. Our business purposes for processing the information we collect include aiding us in:
Operating and managing the Service, including our “Contact Us” feature on the Service.
Performing services requested by you, such as responding to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service.
Sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
Preventing and addressing fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.
Monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities on websites you visit.
Conducting research, including focus groups and surveys.
Improving the Service.
Fulfilling any other business or commercial purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
Disclosure of Information
The circumstances and types of entities to whom we disclosed information in the last 12 months include the following:
Service Providers:
We disclose the data we collect for our own purposes to entities that process information on our behalf. Service providers assist us with services such as payment processing, data analytics, website hosting, and technical support. We may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
Customers:
We disclose “Customer Data” to our customers in connection with us processing information on their behalf. For example, we disclose information with our customers in order to facilitate orders, respond to questions and comments, comply with requests, and otherwise comply with applicable law.
Merger or Acquisition:
We may disclose information in connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of our assets or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another business.
Security and Compelled Disclosure:
We disclose information to comply with the law or other legal process and where required in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We also disclose information to protect the rights, property, life, health, security, and safety of us, the Service, or anyone else.
Facilitating Requests:
We disclose information at your request or direction.
Consent:
We disclose information with our customers or service providers with notice to you and your consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may disclose information that does not identify you (including information that has been de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law.
Social Media and Technology Integrations
We offer parts of our Service through websites, platforms, and services operated or controlled by separate entities. In addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate entities into parts of our Service. For example, our Service includes links that hyperlink to websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us.
Please note that when you interact with other entities, those entities may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. Such information collected and stored by those entities remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information they disclose to us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
Privacy Choices You Can Make
Tracking Technology Choices
Cookies and Pixels:
Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser by changing its settings to decline or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Do Not Track:
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Please be aware that if you as a user disable or remove tracking technologies, some websites or applications may not function correctly.
Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
.
Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any opt out options or programs or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements regarding their opt out options or programs.
Communications
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link or emailing us at the email address set out in the “Contact Us” section below with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the email. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional emails such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or Next Millennium’s ongoing business relations.
Please note that your opt out is limited to the email address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
Children
The Service is intended for a general audience and is not directed at children under (13) years of age. By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
We do not knowingly gather personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act or “COPPA”) in a manner not permitted by COPPA. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws.
We do not knowingly “sell” as that term is defined under the CCPA the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
Data Security
We implement and maintain reasonable administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When deciding what the correct time is to keep the data for, we look at its amount, nature, and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the processing purposes, if these can be achieved by other means, and legal requirements.
For tax purposes, the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial, and Transaction Data) for a period of time after they stop being customers.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
International Transfer
We are based in the U.S. If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Data protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of residence.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Notice at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Notice. Your continued use of our Service indicates your consent to the Privacy Notice then posted. If the changes are material, we may provide you additional notice to your email address.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law, please contact us:
By email:
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
By mail: One World Trade Center, Suite 8506, New York, NY 10007
This Privacy Notice has been designed to be accessible to people with disabilities. If you experience any difficulties accessing the information here, please contact us at
Info@nextmillennium.io
.
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents
Nevada law grants you the right:
To review and request changes to any covered information that we collect.
To request that we not make any sale of any covered information we have collected or will collect about you.
If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
.
Additional Disclosures for California Residents
Rights
These additional disclosures for California residents apply only to individuals who reside in California. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), provides the following rights:
The Right to be Informed:
You have the right to be informed of the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which the categories of personal information are collected or used and whether that information is sold or shared.
You have a right to be informed of the categories of sensitive personal information we collect and the purposes for which the categories of sensitive personal information are collected or used and whether that information is sold or shared.
You have a right to be informed of the length of time we intend to retain each category of personal information, including sensitive personal information, or if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period.
The Right to Delete Personal Information:
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you which we have collected from you. If it is reasonably necessary for us to maintain your personal information for certain purposes, we are not required to comply with your deletion request. If we determine that we will not delete your personal information when you request us to do so, we will inform you and tell you why we are not deleting it.
The Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information:
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information.
The Right to Know What Personal Information is Collected and to Access that Information:
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The Right to Know What Personal Information is Sold or Shared and to Whom:
You have the right to know the following:
The categories of personal information that we collected about you.
The categories of personal information that we sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared.
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
The Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information:
You have the right at any time to direct us not to sell or share your personal information. This right may be referred to as the right to opt-out of sale or sharing.
You may submit a request to opt-out by clicking Do Not Sell My Personal Information. You may also submit a request to opt-out by calling our toll-free number at 212-727-0006 or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information:
Next Millennium Media does not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer.
The Right of No Retaliation:
You have the right not to be discriminated against because you exercised any of the above rights.
You can exercise any of your rights by filling out a consumer rights request form
HERE
, calling us toll free at 212-727-0006, or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
.
Notice of Collection
In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers including name, email address, postal address, phone number, cookie id, Internet Protocol (IP) address, Profile Data, Billing Data, user ids and account name, demographic data, content, Service Use Data, Device Data, device connectivity configuration data.
Internet activity including interactions with a website, email, or advertisement.
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the Information Collection section. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the Purposes of Processing the Information Collected for Our Own Use section, including to provide and manage our Services.
Selling and Sharing Your Personal Information
Next Millennium does not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. However, to the extent “sale” under the CCPA/CPRA is interpreted to include our advertising technology activities as a “sale,” we will seek to comply with applicable law as to such activity.
Next Millennium shares or sells the following categories of personal information for the purposes of providing targeted advertising:
Internet Protocol (IP) address, demographic data, content, Service Use Data, Device Data, device connectivity configuration data.
Internet activity including interactions with a website, email, or advertisement.
Other Disclosures
Next Millennium discloses the following information about consumers for other business purposes:
Contact Data including your first and last name, email address, postal address, and phone number.
Profile Data including your interests, inferences, preferences, and favorites.
Content including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback and questions to customer support).
Billing Data including your payment instrument number and billing address to process your payments.
Service Use Data including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and advertisements you view, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
Device Data including data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, cookie id, your internet service provider, and your device’s regional and language settings.
IP Address which we use to determine imprecise location data (such as data that indicates a city or postal code level).
Location Data including imprecise location data (such as data that indicates a city or postal code level).
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Shine the Light
Residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) the names and addresses of all of the third parties that received personal information from the business for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and, if the nature of the third parties’ business cannot reasonably be determined from the third parties’ name, examples of the products or services marketed, if known to the business, sufficient to give the customer a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties’ business. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in “Contact Us” above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request.” We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
Additional Disclosures for Virginia Residents
Rights
These additional disclosures for Virginia residents apply only to individuals who reside in Virginia. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) provides the following rights:
You have a right to confirm whether or not we, as a controller, are processing your personal data and to access such personal data.
You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the consumer's personal data.
You have the right to delete personal data provided by you or that we obtained about you.
You have a right to obtain a copy of your personal data that you previously provided to us as a controller in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another data controller without hindrance where the processing is carried out by automated means.
You have a right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your consumer rights. You can exercise any of your rights by filling out a consumer rights request form
HERE
, calling us toll free at 212-727-0006, or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
.
You may appeal any decision by us regarding your rights by calling us toll free at 212-727-0006 or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
Additional Disclosures for Colorado Residents
Rights
These additional disclosures for Colorado residents apply only to individuals who reside in Colorado. The Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”) provides the following rights:
You have a right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of (1) targeted advertising, (2) the sale of personal data, or (3) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
We, as processors, do assist our customers in processing your data for the purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of personal data.
You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to have access to that data.
You have the right to obtain information from us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
You have the right to delete personal data concerning you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your consumer rights. You can exercise any of your rights by filling out a consumer rights request form
HERE
, calling us toll free at 212-727-0006, or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
.
You may appeal any decision by us regarding your rights by calling us toll free at 212-727-0006 or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
Additional Disclosures for Connecticut Residents
Rights
These additional disclosures for Connecticut residents apply only to individuals who reside in Connecticut. The Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (“CTDPA”) provides the following rights:
You have a right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of (1) targeted advertising, (2) the sale of personal data, or (3) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
We, as processors, do assist our customers in processing your data for the purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of personal data.
You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to have access to that data, unless such confirmation or access would require us to reveal a trade secret.
You have the right to obtain information from us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
You have the right to delete personal data concerning you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your consumer rights. You can exercise any of your rights by filling out a consumer rights request form
HERE
, calling us toll free at 212-727-0006, or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
.
You may appeal any decision by us regarding your rights by calling us toll free at 212-727-0006 or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
and indicating that you wish to appeal our decision.
Additional Disclosures for Utah Residents
Rights
These additional disclosures for Utah residents apply only to individuals who reside in Utah. The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”) provides the following rights:
You have a right to opt out of the processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of (1) targeted advertising, (2) the sale of personal data, or (3) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
We, as processors, do assist our customers in processing your data for the purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of personal data.
You have the right to confirm whether we are processing your personal data and to have access to that data, unless such confirmation or access would require us to reveal a trade secret.
You have the right to obtain information, to the extent it is reasonably feasible, in a portable and, to the extent practicable, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
You have the right to delete personal data concerning you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your consumer rights. You can exercise any of your rights by filling out a consumer rights request form
HERE
, calling us toll free at 212-727-0006, or emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
.
Additional Disclosures for Canada Residents
The individual who is accountable for the organization’s policies and practices and to whom complaints or inquiries can be forwarded is:
Joe Gutman, Chief of Staff
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
One World Trade Center, Suite 8506, New York, NY 10007
You have a right, subject to certain exceptions, to access the information about you that we use and disclose.
You have a right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information and have it amended if appropriate.
Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the European Union and United Kingdom
Roles
Data protection laws in the European Union and UK distinguish between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “processors”).
Next Millennium acts as a controller with our customers with respect to personal data we process for ourselves that is collected as you interact with our customers’ websites or our emails. With data we pass on to customers for their processing purposes, we are a data processor. Please visit the applicable customer’s privacy policy for information about their privacy practices.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer who is in charge of privacy-related matters for us. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact the Data Protection Officer using the details set out below.
Joe Gutman, Chief of Staff
Next Millennium Media Inc.
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
One World Trade Center, Suite 8506, New York, NY 10007
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by contacting our DPO at the email address above.
Lawful Basis for Processing
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymized data. The personal data that we collect about you is detailed in the “Information Collection” section above.
The detailed purposes of our information collection for our own use are located above in the “Purposes of Processing the Information Collected for Our Own Use” section.
Data protection laws in the Europe Union and the UK require a “lawful basis” for processing personal data. The lawful basis for each category of personal data we collect is as follows:
Contact Data including your first and last name, email address, postal address, and phone number. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records, and to establish, pursue, or defend legal claims.
Profile Data including your interests, inferences, preferences, and favorites. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business.
Content including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback and questions to customer support). Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records, and to establish, pursue, or defend legal claims.
Billing Data including your payment instrument number and billing address to process your payments. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract.
Service Use Data including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and advertisements you view, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests.
Device Data including data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, cookie id, your internet service provider, and your device’s regional and language settings. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests.
IP Address which we use to determine imprecise location data (such as data that indicates a city or postal code level). Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests.
Location Data including imprecise location data (such as data that indicates a city or postal code level). Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests.
Customer Data is processed on behalf of our customers to provide you with targeted advertising. Customer Data includes demographic data, content, service use data, website browsing data, device data, device connectivity configuration data, and IP Address, among other information. Our Customers are responsible for gaining your consent for us to process this data.
We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose, we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered, but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
Marketing Communications
Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business). You can ask to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by emailing us at
Privacy@nextmillennium.io
at any time.
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions such as purchases, warranty registrations, etc.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
Disclosures
The parties to whom we disclose your information are specified in the “Disclosure of Information” section above.
International Transfers
We are based in the United States. However, we are subject to the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations of the EU and UK that protect your personal data.
Your Data Subject Rights
Under the data protection laws, you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data, and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.
UK Data Subjects can read more about these rights here:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
You may exercise your rights by submitting a written request to us at the email address set out in the “Contact Us” section above or using the data subject request form
HERE
. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive, or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
If your personal data has been processed by us on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal data, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal data. We will refer your request to that customer and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about our use of your personal data or response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns before you approach a data protection regulator and would welcome you directing an inquiry first to us.
Third Party Links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or disclose data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Sub-policy 25
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 31, 2024
We, at the Nexxen (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”), understand that your privacy is important to you. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and disclose information collected through our web-based, connected-TV and other services.
If you have any questions, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
1. The Company and our Services
The Company operates several platforms and services that comprise our “Services.”
As further described below, through our Services, we work with websites, web services, content publishers, mobile applications, and various platforms (such as connected TVs, aka “CTV” platforms) that provide services for those types of organizations to help them display personalized and more engaging ads on their properties. In many cases, providing personalized ads help businesses of all sizes (including small and mid-sized businesses) to get their name out, and help website operators, content publishers, app developers and platform owners to subsidize the cost of their content – often, allowing them to provide consumers with some or all of their content for free.  We also work with advertisers (and their service providers) – brands, retailers, entertainment companies, non-profits and others – to help them advertise in a way that is efficient and relevant to both them and the consumer.   We use data in a variety of ways to help support these businesses, and likewise provide a variety of ways for consumers to control how data is used to market to them.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain what that data is, how it is used, and what those choices are.
2. The Information We Collect and Use in Providing Our Services
We help advertisers and publishers provide more relevant content and targeted advertising by collecting certain information about you, including when you interact with our Services.  This may include your interactions with our customers, which include:
(a) advertisers and other ad partners (collectively, “
Advertisers
”) to show you ads that we think may interest you, on our Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices; and
(b) publishers, app developers and other customers who CTVs, web and mobile apps or other online services (collectively, “
Publishers
”).
In this Privacy Policy, when we use the term “
Customers
”, we are referring to both Advertisers and Publishers, as described above.
Sometimes we work with other marketing or advertising services, demand partners, service providers or data platforms who provide certain services (such as measurement and analytics solutions) to us as well as Customers; we refer to these companies as “
Partners
.”
We (or our Customers or Partners) may provide relevant content and targeted advertising to consumers by using automated technologies such as cookies, including non-HTTP cookies, pixel tags, mobile identifiers and SDKs, each of which we describe below, and in
Section 3
below titled, “Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies”.   These technologies often generate or collect unique identifiers, such as cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs.
We describe below these and other categories of information that we receive from consumers’ operating systems, browsers and devices, as well as from Customers, Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers. Some companies may fit into more than one such category. We have tried to describe the information that we collect or receive in a way that is easy to understand:
a. Information that you provide to us directly
We collect certain information that you provide to us, including your contact and other information – for example, when you visit our site or when you contact us.
You may also interact with and provide information to us in other ways, including but not limited to when you complete a survey, enter a contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes, connect with us at a tradeshow, or choose to hear from us or participate in our marketing or promotion campaigns. When you do so, we collect the information you provide to us.
If you submit to us a request to access or delete your information, we will collect your contact information and other information, as needed, to respond to your request.
b. Identifiers automatically collected from website and app sources,whether directly or through other content and information platforms, including:
Online cookie IDs;
Mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., IDFAs, Ad IDs) and other mobile device or browser identifiers;
IP addresses;
Wi-Fi access points;
Product model numbers;
Chipset IDs; and
Identifiers related to the device used, such as CTVs (e.g. name of device and any “friendly name” assigned by you to the device)
We refer to all of the above as “IDs.“
c. Online usage information or “log” information
We collect data about your interactions with our site and the Services. Such data is generally related to the above IDs and include:
Language and region settings;
Data related to or describing a web browser, operating system, and device, such as the name and version of your browser, as well as hardware and software version of the app;
Connection data, including current IP address, from which location may be inferred;
Online usage data including websites visited, websites visited prior to a web visit, date/time stamp;
Information related to interactions with ads and marketing, such as consumer engagement with an ad (i.e. ads that you view and click);
Information related to interactions with websites, such as whether a consumer was “referred” through another website or a shared link;
TV viewership data (including information about the content and programs viewed, and amount of time spent viewing Smart TV content, as further described in this Section 2 on “Viewing Data” below); and
We may link any of the above to our own or our Partners’ and Customers’ IDs.
We receive the above information from Customers and Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers.
d. Demographic and Interest-Based Information
We may collect, use, or create “audience segments” (also referred to as “data segments), which are generally used to tailor advertising and marketing to consumers and to analyze consumer interaction with such ads.  Audience segments are interest-based or demographic-based groupings of large numbers of users, generally in aggregated form, tied to the above IDs.  For instance, an inference that Ad ID X35%979J is interested is “Sports” might be drawn from the fact that the browser often views sports-related content.  Or, an inference that Cookie ID 4Qj7e9!x may be interested in a new car may be drawn from the corresponding browsers frequent search of new automobile reviews. Actual IDs are generally much longer strings of code; the above are simply used for illustration.
Sometimes these inferences are made from “offline data” that is coded and linked to cookies and IDs (and further linked to our own cookies and IDs) by Partners that create “hashed” (coded) values to replace “real-world” identifiers such as email addresses.
Sometimes these inferences are made from demographic information (“protected classifications” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act).
Sometimes, these audience segments are associated with the likelihood to have a particular health condition. A list of our standard health segments is
here
. (We endeavor to update the list frequently, but the list may not be current to the precise date.)   In addition, we may sometimes create “custom” health-related segments, or work with Customers or Partners who use such segments.  Those “custom” segments change over time, but a representative sample is included. Note that such information is only collected/processed at an aggregate level and solely in the U.S. and Canada.
e. Transactional information from our Customers
Our Customers may provide us with their own proprietary or licensed information, including “audience segments” described above, to help us better perform or deliver our Services.
f. Geolocation Information
The mobile information we collect or receive from our Partners and Customers also may include geolocation information, that may help us or our Customers to target ads or tailor content to your location. For instance, if we believe that you are often near a particular store in Northern New Jersey, we might send you an ad targeted to that store, rather than another store in the general area.
g. Viewing Data
We provide advertising services to certain Smart TV and connected devices (like Hisense and VIDAA Smart TVs), which, like many CTVs, are equipped with Automatic Content Recognition (“ACR”) functionality that (when enabled) allow us to collect certain information from the device in order to provide personalized advertising and measurement based on the programming  or ads watched on those devices and other devices connected to the same IP address.
What is Viewing Data?
When enabled on the Smart TV device, we will use audio-based ACR technology to collect information about the programming content (e.g. TV channels and shows, movies, and advertisements watched) playing on the device, including content from any media players, gaming consoles, over-the-air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through the Smart TV. We call this information the “
Viewing Data
” and this also includes information such as timestamp, IP address, and Smart TV device identifier.
The ACR technology captures a “fingerprint” from the Smart TV, and the fingerprint is mapped against a content repository and ad catalog to identify what was played through the TV. Content or ad ID, IP address, device ID, and other metadata are appended to the audio fingerprint. These identifiers are ingested into the Company’s platform and mapped to a Household ID, and then aggregated with other data sources.  The ACR process will associate the data collected with the device’s IP address, but otherwise does not utilize directly identifiable personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising or measurement.
For example, we may collect TV viewing information such as the programs, commercials, and channels you view, the date, time and duration of the viewing. It may also include information about the TV or display, including IP address and SmartTV device ID.
How is Viewing Data used and shared?
To create audience segments: We use Viewing Data, such as the content, programs or ads watched on your Smart TV, to include you and your household in relevant audience segments for interest-based advertising, as described below. A segment is a grouping of consumer profiles by one or more attributes (e.g. food fans, sports enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.). Individuals are identified by a digital identifier (like an IP address) in these segments but are not identifiable by name or other personal information that directly reveals their identity. We also share these audience segments with our Partners for their own purposes, including to enable their interest-based advertising activities.
Targeting Personalized Ads: We use Viewing Data to help us, and our Partners, target and show you personalized ads that we think may interest you or other members of your household (a practice known as “interest-based advertising“) across your devices, based on the audience segments created from your Viewing Data (as described above). These ads may be shown to you on your Smart TV or other linked devices sharing the same IP address.
Audience Measurement: We use Viewing Data to generate measurement reports to help us and our Partners understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded.  We collect information such as the creative and placement ID, IP address, and whether you viewed or interacted with an ad.
Linking devices for household targeting: With the assistance of our third-party service providers, we use the IP address collected from your Smart TV to identify “households” (a group of linked devices sharing the same IP address broadcast by a modem). This allows us and our Partners to deliver personalized advertising to you and other members of your household across various devices (such as mobile phones and tablets) and browsers based on audience segments associated with your household. If you do not enable, or if you otherwise opt-out of personalized advertising on your Smart TV, we will no longer collect and use your Smart TV IP address to identify your household for personalized advertising purposes. However, once you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see personalized advertising on devices that were previously targeted based on Viewing Data that was shared when personalized advertising was still enabled on your Smart TV, prior to the opt-out.
Our Partners: More information about each of our Partners and how they may use data about you and your household is available at:
https://nexxen.com/acr-data-partners
How can I turn OFF or ON the Viewing Data (ACR) feature?
The option to enable ACR (and related functionality) is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR (and related functionality) at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Turning the Viewing Data feature off or on will affect only the Smart TV where you have made that selection. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information on Viewing Data and your choices.
h. Further Description of Technologies
For additional explanation of the technologies through which IDs and other data are collected, please see
Section 3
further below regarding cookies, pixel tags and SDKs.  We may use cookies, pixel tags, SDKs and similar technologies to collect the above information, or to associate certain types of information with each other.
i. Information collected from other sources
We also may obtain other behavioral and demographic data from trusted third-party data sources. We may use this data to draw inferences about your preferences, choices, and interests to provide you with customized ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We may collect and combine information about your online activities over time and across devices, apps, websites and online services to provide you with customized ads.
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies
The Company (along with our Partners and Customers) uses a variety of technology to collection information.  These are listed and described below.
a. Pixels
A tracking “pixel” is a transparent graphic image (usually a 1 x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and allows for the collection of information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel. The Company collects technical and usage information through the use of tracking pixels.
b. Cookies
A “cookie” is a string of stored code used by a website to send some data to a user’s device.  Depending on the settings of the device or web browser this data may be stored on the user’s device so that the device can later return that data to the same website.  Cookies can be used with online services, such as websites, email deliveries or advertising technologies, to recognize an Internet or mobile-connected device that they have encountered before.  We use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, track user trends, and collect information about how you use Customer’s sites or interact with the advertising we (or others) deliver on their behalf. We likewise use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. We also use cookies when you visit our site.
c. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We also sometimes use, or partner with, Publishers or Publisher-facing and app developer platforms that use mobile SDKs to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services.  A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon (see “Pixels,” above).  The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented.  We may use this technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“
Your Choices
”) below.
d. Third Party Suppliers and Vendors
The Company works with third party technology or service providers that provide us with hosting, serving, general campaign or site analytics, ad serving data, or demographic and other audience data about the use and viewership of our Customers’ advertising, or websites that display such advertising. Such third-party providers may utilize pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies that may be activated when our advertising Customers’ advertisement is encountered on a Publisher. In all instances where the use, collection and disclosure of information is by one of these third-party providers, their privacy policies governs and this Privacy Policy does not apply.
e.
Disabling Cookies
Most Web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of our Services may be difficult to use or inoperable.  In addition, we may use (or work with certain third-party companies that use) techniques other than or in addition to HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services.  These technologies may rely on the collection and analysis of “non-cookie” information from your browser or device, such as your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, resolution, and other data, for purposes of creating a unique profile or “fingerprint” of your browser or device.    We (or other third parties) may use this profile to understand and analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Please note that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques.
4. The Business Purposes For Which We Use and Share the Information We Collect
a. Our Purposes Generally
Principally, we use the information described in
Section 2
to operate, provide, develop and improve our Services.   This involves facilitating various types of advertising and marketing to make them more effective, more relevant, and more likely to engage and interest consumers.
b. Personalized Advertising
This includes facilitating and providing behavioral advertising, i.e., tailoring advertising and content using the types of “audience segments” or “data segments” (and other, related types of information) we describe in
Section 2
above.   As we also describe in
Section 2
, these audience segments may be based on your activity across multiple websites or mobile apps over time, on your transactions, on your location, or on coded or “hashed” data derived from offline demographic and interest data.  Generally, the tailoring of ads to devices and browsers (and sometimes through other channels) based on this type of data is called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising. Please go to
Section 6
to learn about what choices you have to control how you are marketed to in this way.
c.
Other Advertising and Analytics Purposes
We also use the information to analyze, measure the effectiveness of, frequency-cap or sequence advertising.   For instance, we may use the information we collect to compare how many “clicks” the recipients of one ad campaign receive vs. a different ad campaign.  Or, we may track which users have seen which ads, to avoid a user being shown the same ad repeatedly.
d. Syncing Identifiers
We sometimes integrate our information with Partners, to allow Advertisers to access our information across other platforms (and their information across our platform), in order to allow Advertisers to reach more consumers across various channels.  This may include online, offline, social media or television advertising.
e.
Identity Graphing
We may also create or help our Customers or Partners to create “identity” graphs, to help locate users across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address).
f.
Statistical information
We may use statistical information about you or your devices such as generalized location and estimated age group. We obtain this statistical information from commercially available sources (as permitted by law) such as our third-party service providers. We only work with third-party service providers who ensure that this information has been obtained in accordance with applicable law and can be provided to us for use and disclosure.
g. Other Business Purposes
We also may also use the information we collect for internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting and preventing security incidents, anti-fraud purposes, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.
5. Why And With Whom We Share the Information We Collect
a. To Provide our Services
Generally, we share the information that we collect in order to perform our Services, including for purposes of targeting advertising, performing analytics on ads, and measuring ad performance.
We share the information we collect with our Customers, who are a wide range of businesses, retailers, content publishers, non-profit entities, business-to-business service companies and other consumer brands, as well as their ad agencies and service providers.
We also share information with our Partners and other companies that provide services to us. For example, we use email or other contact information to resolve Customer support inquiries, and IP address and advertising identifiers with service providers.
We may share personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our Services.
b. For Legal Purposes
We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our Customers, our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
c.
In the Event of a Corporate Transaction
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example, a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
d.
With Corporate Affiliates
We share information within the Nexxen Group in order to operate our site and Services, perform data analytics, design and execute advertising and marketing campaigns, conduct product management, and/or engineer or improve and develop new products or services.
e.
With Partners
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and show ads that may interest you. The Advertisers we use (including their service providers) may rely on pixel tags and similar technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. We may also compile and provide reports, including in aggregated or de-identified forms, to Advertisers about the reach, viewership and effectiveness of their campaigns. We use information to help our Customers to reach the desired audience and improve their ad campaigns.
Summary Analytics and Reports. We may, with our Customers and Partners, analyze Viewing Data to create summary reports to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of consumers.  These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person.  For example, a Customer who is an Advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions in the aggregate.  Thus, a Partner may identify another device that shares an IP address or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program.  In addition, some Partners may use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic or other attributes or traits (such as gender or age range or income range or behavioral data) associated with the IP addresses collected, and then send to Customers the demographic information associated with those addresses.
Personalized Advertisements. As further described in Section 2 above, audience segments may be shared with Customers and Partners for the purpose of targeting and tailoring the advertising you see on certain Smart TV and connected devices, including other devices associated with your IP address or device ID on the basis of Viewing Data. Viewing Data may also be enhanced with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g., digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP address collected) for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising that are likely to be useful or timely.
We may work with Google to deliver advertising opportunities to its clients. You can consult
Google’s policies
to learn more about Google’s processing policies.
f.
With advertising measurement providers and services
We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners and their service providers in order to help us and our Advertisers understand information about the content and ads viewed, and the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads, how they engaged or responded, determine which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people watch commercials.
The measurement providers we use collect or receive information about your viewing of or interaction with content and ads, including ads that you view on your Smart TV and ads you view on other websites, mobile apps, and connected devices (including Smart TVs) to which we provide advertising services. We also share demographics data and audience segments (e.g., food fans, sport enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers. Viewing Data may also be combined with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators.
Measurement providers use such information to create statistics about what content and ads are being watched – for example, to help them and their clients understand the audience viewing the content or ads, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.
Through our advertising services, we provide measurement and analytics solutions to other companies. In providing these services, we analyze and reorganize ad campaign data from these companies and provide analytics reports to help them better understand the audience that viewed the company’s ads and whether those viewers belong to the same household.
6. Your Choices: How To Opt-Out of Tracking (Interest-Based Advertising) on Web Browsers and Mobile Devices
a
.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising
We follow the Digital Advertising Alliance industry privacy standards for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the program and its principles, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). We are a member of, and adhere to, the industry standards of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). To learn more about the program please visit the
DAAC
.”We are a member of, and adhere to, the self-regulatory principles of the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA). To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this type of interest-based advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to
https://www.aboutads.info/.
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising.  To learn more about the NAI and its members, or to opt out of interest-based advertising facilitated by NAI members, visit
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
You may also opt out of our own interest-based advertising on those same web pages, or you can simply visit our
Opt-Out Page
.
We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
You can also opt-out of targeted advertising based on data collected via your browser by using  (i) the DAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; (ii) the DAAC’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
; or (iii) the EDAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found
here
.
You may always opt out of our targeted advertisements by clicking on the opt-out button on the relevant device. Such opt-out will affect only the device where you have made that selection. After you opt out, we will no longer collect this information to deliver targeted ads on such device. Ads may continue to be served based on information available in the Internet environment, such as the content of a web page, browser type, time of day and operating system. If you have opted out of our advertising cookies and other similar tracking technologies on a device and subsequently delete the “opt out” cookie from your browser on such device, change your browser, or buy a new computer/device, you will need to repeat this process and opt out again. When you opt out, we will stop (a) collecting information about your interests via your browser and (b) serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser. We will subsequently place a piece of data in your browser’s cookie that tells us that you have opted out – it does not contain any data about you except for the fact that you have opted out. We need this cookie in place so that we know not to collect information about your interests and serve you targeted advertising based on your interests in the future.  Our “opt-out” cookie has a 13-month expiration date.
Anyone who has provided personal contact information through our site may e-mail us at privacyrights@nexxen.com to update, delete, and/or correct their personal information.
b.
In-App Data Opt-Out
You may opt out of the continued collection of mobile app interest-based advertising through your mobile device settings, as applicable to most (but not necessarily all) mobile devices.   Please go to the
NAI “Mobile Choices” web page
for further information about how to do this.  When you do this, we will no longer use information collected through your mobile apps to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising to your device. Please note that you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests.
c.
Viewed Content Advertising and Smart TVs
If you choose to activate this functionality, we may collect certain information on certain Smart TV and connected devices equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) functionality in order to provide personalized advertising based on the programs or ads being watched on those devices, other devices with the same IP address, or browsers. We refer to the information collected as “Viewing Data” in this Policy. If you have opted-in to activating ACR on such device, the ACR functionality will continuously analyze audio from any onscreen content accessed or displayed on your Smart TV at that moment, including content from any set-top-boxes, media players, gaming consoles, over the air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through your Smart TV.  For more information, see Section 2 above on “Viewing Data”.
The option to enable ACR is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information.
7. Do Not Track
Although certain of our technology honors “do not track” (DNT) signals and similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers or mobile device operating systems, we are not responsible, and shall not be liable, for the acts of third parties, such as ad networks, with respect to such third parties’ tracking policies. We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers’ opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.
8. Children
Our site and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children under the age of 16.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from nor employ or offer targeting towards children under the age of 16.  If you believe your child, who is under the age of 16, has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com and we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
9. Where We Store Personal Data
We are a global company with affiliates, varied business processes, management structures and technical systems around the world. Information that we collect or that is collected on our behalf may be stored on connected devices (including Smart TV) to which we provide advertising or measurement and analytics services, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may have different data privacy laws from those in your home country. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order or the provision of support services. We strive to transfer your information where there are appropriate measures and controls in place, and we strive to ensure that all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
10. For European Residents: About your GDPR Privacy Rights
If you are located in Europe, you may have certain right under European privacy law, principally the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).   This Section of the Privacy Policy is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, such consumers, i.e., “data subjects”; if you are not an EEA resident (or otherwise located in an EEA country), this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
Nexxen participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Nexxen operates Consent Management Platform with the identification numbers 23 and 36.
a.
Our legal bases for using personal information
All organizations need a legal reason to use your personal information. There are a number of legal grounds that enable data processing. Below are the most relevant grounds of which you should be aware.
With your consent
There are some activities where we process personal information with your consent. For example, where we want to send you marketing messages by email, we would ask your permission first and you could opt out at any time.
For a legitimate interest
We may use your information where there is a legitimate interest to do so. For example, we may use your information where it would help achieve our business objectives or to facilitate a benefit to you or someone else.  Our legitimate interests in processing personal data include:
to develop, deliver and maintain relevant and engaging products, services and/or advertising;
understanding when audiences engage with our Customers’ ads;
to build a clearer understanding of who our Customer’s audiences are in order to better serve more relevant advertising to those audiences, for the benefit of both individuals and our Customers;
to maximize advertising revenues for publishers and therefore help to maintain a diverse ecosystem of online independent publishers of content for users to enjoy and educate themselves;
to support individual and societal rights to receive information;
to improve user website experience by delivering brand safe, high quality advertising to all of the publishers of online content with which we work;
to carry on the business of a commercial organization;
to demonstrate that we provide services and products to agreed industry standards; and
sharing information with the Nexxen Group companies for analysis, audience insights, business efficiencies, content personalization and to deliver relevant advertising.
To comply with legal obligations
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or to defend claims.
b. Exercising Your Data Subject Rights Under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or you may visit our
Manage User Data page
, where you may make an “access” or “right to know” request, or request that we “opt out” your personal information from our active database.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us at privacyrights@nexxen.com.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us at privacyrights@nexxen.com or (as to information that we use in our Services), by going to
[your data page]
.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
External EU and UK Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy
GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our privacy team and data protection officer at
privacy@nexxen.com
.
If you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail. The communication by email can always be flawed by security gaps.
11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
12. Data Retention
Personal information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes. The Company expires certain cookies, including cookies directed to European users, after 12 months. Except as permitted by law, we may retain aggregated and anonymized user information (e.g., to create group-level data), for an indefinite period but usually no more than 2 years.
13. Information Security
We take measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data we collect and store.  These may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, firewalls and processing practices and security measures.  Of course, no security system is perfect.   Thus, while we do take measures to safeguard against unauthorized access to, or alteration of data we collect and store, we cannot guarantee that it will not be disclosed or accessed inadvertently or through the unauthorized acts of others.
14. California “Shine the Light” Law
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) permits California residents to request and receive, once per calendar year and free of charge, information about our sharing of your personal information (if any) with third parties for their own direct marketing use.  We do not share the information subject to that law for those covered purposes.   For information about other California privacy rights you may have, please see the below sections.
15. Privacy Rights and Information for Residents of California and Other Applicable States
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. Other states’ laws (upon becoming effective) provide similar (though not identical) rights to their own residents – including residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Other Applicable States”).  This Section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of one of those states, or of California (“California Consumer”), when we act in the capacity as a business or controller as defined by the laws of such states.   This Addendum supplements the information and disclosures in the Privacy Policy for residents of those states that recognize these particularized rights.
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use Consumers’ personal information. (Examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily collect that type of information or identifier.)
Our Collection of Consumer Personal Information
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following table also describes how we collect and use such categories of information.  We do not knowingly collect consumer information deemed “sensitive” under the CCPA, such as information that reveals race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation or information about specific medical conditions.
Category (examples for each are statutory; all may not be collected)
Business Purpose
Categories of Sources
Identifiers, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Data compilers and consumer data platforms and aggregators, informational and retail websites (“Commercial Source Categories”)Consumers (through browsers, apps, and mobile devices) (“Consumers”)Ad networks Our affiliates (“Affiliates”), including the following: Addination Amobee ANZ Pty Ltd Amobee Asia Pte Amobee EMEA Ltd Amobee Ltd Nexxen Group US Holdings Inc Perk.com Canada Inc. SpearAd Taptica Inc Unmedia Video Distribution Sdn Bhd Unruly Group, LLC Unruly Media KK Unruly Media Pte. Ltd Unruly Media Pty Ltd
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or other US law (inferenced or actual, including self-reported)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesConsumersAd networksOur affiliates
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, including regarding cannabis products and services.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesOur affiliates
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Geolocation data
e.g., latitude/longitude coordinates from mobile devices
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source CategoriesPublic records and other publicly available sources
Inferenced Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing.
Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates
Our Disclosure, Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
We may share and sell the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes, with service providers and with third parties including our Customers, advertising platforms, and those advertising platforms’ customers.  These business purposes often involve cross-context behavioral advertising, also known as “targeted” advertising.
The table below describes how and with whom we share or disclose personal information, and whether we believe we have “sold” or “shared” a particular category of information in the prior 12 months.   “Sharing” information is a concept defined under California privacy laws (but not necessarily other states’ privacy laws) and includes using (or permitting others to use) the information we collect for cross-context or “targeted” advertising.  (In our case – because we often earn money in exchange for making available information for advertising purposes – we may be involved in both a “sale” and a “share” of that information.)
For maximal transparency, we have been deliberately inclusive in our terminology, by including within categories both types of third parties (e.g., “retailers”) and types of platforms through which those third parties might access data (e.g., “advertising networks”). We reiterate that examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily sell, disclose, and/or share that type of information or identifier.
Category
Categories of Third Parties We May Share With
Whether We “Sold” or “Shared” This Category of Personal Information in the Last 12 Months
Identifiers
, e.g., name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or US law (inferenced or actual)
e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported)
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Commercial or transactions information
e.g., products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information
e.g., browsing history; online interests.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
e.g., current or past job history or job title.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Inference Data
e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences.
Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers Social networks
Yes
Please see the below sections to learn the purposes for which we collect and share personal information.
Our Business for Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We
collect
and
share
the personal information that we collect for the below purposes, as we also have described in our Privacy Policy and/or our website.
Online targeting, for example:
Creating or helping to create defined audience segments based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences (e.g., households with prospective students).  These audience segments may be based on the collective website behavior of consumers and indicate whether a consumer is likely to want to make a particular type of purchase or engage in a particular type of commercial behavior.   We also sometimes work with a data partner that “matches” our or other Information through coded identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.We also create or assisting customers in creating or enhancing “identity” graphs to help locate consumers across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address, email address)We also use the personal information we collect or receive online to provide related services, such as for measuring the effectiveness of and otherwise analyzing ad campaigns.
We use personal information for other internal purposes, for example:
For internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting security incidents, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.We sometimes use the personal information collected from our own website, from social networks, from other “business to business” interactions (such as at trade shows) or from data compilers for the above purposes, as well as for our own marketing purposes.
We also may share any of the personal information we collect for other legal, corporate or operational purposes. Sharing for legal purposes.  For instance,
we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, legal rights, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public.  Sharing to prevent consumer harm or fraud.  We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.Sharing for purposes of a corporate transaction.  We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
Sharing With Service Providers:
We share any personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services.
Sharing of Aggregate Information:
We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“
Aggregate/De-Identified Information
”). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion.
Our Retention of Information
We retain personal information as a “business” or “controller” under applicable state privacy laws if it is relevant and useful for purposes of our products and services or we have a legal or compliance reason to do so, and provided the information is not subject to a valid request for deletion.  (We may retain information after deletion where legally permitted or required for a legal compliance, auditing or accounting reason.)
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
As noted above, residents of certain U.S. states have particular privacy rights, including residents of California and (upon various “effective” dates occurring during 2023) Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Applicable State Residents”).  The scope and nature of these rights vary in each state, so we have sought to explain these rights in the most transparent and uniform terms, below.
Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents, as well as residents of the Applicable States, have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect from you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain restrictions.  If you are a resident of such a state, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf (so long as your state of residence continues to recognize that right).
This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests.  (To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.)
We may withhold these rights to the extent that the law in your state of residence does not recognize or no longer recognizes these rights.
Note that sometimes, we act only as a “service provider” or “processor” to our customers (for instance, if they provide information to us solely to use our marketing or data management tools), in which case any consumer requests for opt-out, deletion or access to data must be made through that client: we therefore will forward any such requests to a named client, where feasible.
a. The right to access, correction and disclosure
You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; and
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
You also may request correction of your personal information, such as if you believe we have incorrect information pertaining to you.
b. The right to deletion
You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.  We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you, and may retain certain information for important business purposes, such as fulfilling our legal obligations, or for security, auditing or de-bugging purposes.
c. How to exercise your access and deletion rights
California residents and residents of Other Applicable States may exercise their access or deletion rights by accessing our
“Manage user data” page
or by sending an email to privacyrights@nexxen.com.
For security purposes, we will verify your identity – in part by requesting or automatically capturing certain information from you — when you request to exercise your applicable privacy rights.  For instance, you may need to provide your email address. To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity.  Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.
Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.
Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above or another permissible business, security or legal purpose.  Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
d. The right to nondiscrimination
We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
e. The right to “opt-out” of the sale of your personal information
You have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information.  California law (for instance) broadly defines sale such that it may include, for example, allowing third parties to receive and use certain information, such as cookies IP address and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising.
If you wish to “opt out” of our “sale” of your information, i.e., for purposes of personalized advertising, we recommend employing the options we provide and explain in
Section 6
.   However, you may also visit the interactive form that we make available at to exercise your data subject rights
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
f. Authorized Agent
You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights, where applicable state law (such as the CCPA) permits you to do so.   In such case, we will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a validly executed power of attorney.
g. Right to Appeal
In some states you have a right to appeal our decision about how or whether we honor your privacy rights request(s).  In the event that we inform you that we will not, or believe we cannot, honor a particular consumer request (for instance, if we have determined we cannot verify your identity, or if we believe you are not entitled to the scope of deletion you request), and you live in such a state, you may appeal our determination by emailing us at
privacyrights@nexxen.com
.
Opt-out of sale requests are often effectively accomplished through automated suppression methods, either by a consumer causing another website (such as a content publisher) to avoid selling browser-related data, or by deploying our opt-out cookie located at
https://yourdata.nexxen.com
as well as on various industry opt-out pages.  Opting out in these ways causes data associated with a consumer’s device to be effectively disassociated from their device and/or suppressed from usage.
Annual Data Requests
The table below sets forth additional privacy disclosures with respect to our processing of data subject rights requests. Between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2023, across the United States, we processed the following data subject requests of consumers:
Request Type
Number Received
Number Complied with in Whole or Part
Number Denied*
Median Response Time in Days**
Mean Response Time in Days**
Access
186
28
158
44
44
Delete
47
38
9
21
36
Opt-Out
131
15
116
45
45
*Data subject could not be verified.
** Indicates maximum response time based on fulfillment across all states.
Texas Data Broker Disclosure:
THE ENTITY MAINTAINING THIS WEBSITE IS A DATA BROKER UNDER TEXAS LAW. TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN TEXAS, A DATA BROKER MUST REGISTER WITH THE TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE (TEXAS SOS). INFORMATION ABOUT DATA BROKER REGISTRANTS IS AVAILABLE ON THE TEXAS SOS WEBSITE.
https://www.sos.state.tx.us/index.shtml
16. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or requests please contact us by email at privacyrights@nexxen.com or 82 Yigal Alon St. 13th Floor Tel-Aviv, 6789124 Israel.
Sub-policy 26
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
PubMatic Platform Privacy Policy
This page is about the privacy practices on PubMatic’s Advertising Platform and the personal information it uses to deliver advertising and perform related activities.
Last Updated: November 21, 2024
PubMatic is an advertising technology company that provides a variety of online advertising-related services (see “
Who We Are
“). Any reference to
“you”, “your”, “user(s)”, “individual(s)”, “data subject(s)”,
implies the
“End User(s)”
who accesses websites, apps, or other digital properties that are being monetized through our Ad Services (defined below) so that we may deliver advertising and perform related activities (see “
About Us and Our Services
”). We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and share personal information and how you can exercise the privacy rights and choices available to you. This privacy policy (“
Policy
” or the “
Platform Privacy Policy”
) covers the personal information that we may process about you. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy, which governs the personal information PubMatic collects about individuals when they visit, use, or interact with: (i) www.pubmatic.com and other websites operated by us, including PubMatic’s Client interfaces (the “
Websites
”); (ii) our social media pages (our “
Social Media Pages
”) and (iii) our events, sales and marketing activities (collectively, “
PubMatic Properties
”), please review our
Website Privacy Policy
. If you are interested in our applicant privacy practices, please review our
Careers Privacy Policy
.
Your Privacy Choices
Please visit
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
to go directly to the interest-based advertising opt-outs we offer.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
We recognize that reading and understanding privacy practices can be difficult and time-consuming. While we recommend that you read this document in its entirety, to make this process easier for you, we have taken steps to simplify it and provide the following quick links to make it easier to navigate.
WHO WE ARE
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
YOUR CHOICES AND DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
YOUR DATA RIGHTS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY
LAWS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND
SWITZERLAND
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
SECURITY
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACTING US
—
WHO WE ARE
Any reference to
“PubMatic
” “
we
”,
“us”
or “
our
” means PubMatic, Inc. and its global subsidiaries including, as of the effective date of this Platform Privacy Policy, PubMatic Limited, PubMatic GmbH, PubMatic India Private Limited, パブ ティック株式会社 (PubMatic KK), PubMatic Pte. Ltd. and 据翼软件科技有限公司 (PubMatic Software (Shanghai)) Limited.
To get in touch with us, please see the “
Contacting Us
” section of this document.
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PubMatic provides technology via our advertising platform (the “
Platform
”) and related advertising tools (collectively the “
Ad Services
”) that allow Publishers to make space on their websites, mobile apps, internet-connected or over-the-top TV (known as ‘CTV’ and ‘OTT TV,’ respectively), or other digital properties available to show ads in order to generate revenue (what the advertising industry refers to as a ‘Supply Side Platform’ or ‘SSP’) and buyers to purchase the available space to display ads on these digital properties. In this Policy, we refer to those involved in selling ad space collectively as “
Publishers
”, those looking to buy ad space collectively as “
Media Buyers
” (including, for example advertisers, ad agencies, Demand-Side partners) and Media Buyers and Publishers together as “
Clients.
” Our Ad Services help Clients display relevant online advertising to the End Users who interact with Publishers’ digital properties and engage in planning and measurement to understand how these ads perform. This Policy applies only when we act as a “data controller” and not when we are a processor or service provider acting on behalf of our Clients.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
This section serves as a summary of our personal information handling practices and does not replace our full Policy found below.
Please note the following terms that are used in this summary:
Pseudonymous user data
– personal data that can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without further technical processing or the use of additional data.
ID syncing
– the matching of two or more unique identifiers linked to the same individual.
Cookies and online identifiers
– cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s browser; online identifiers are often used in lieu of cookies. Similar technologies such as pixels and web beacons, device fingerprinting technologies, local storage, and eTags (collectively
, ”Cookies”
) also allow access to, or storage of, information on a user’s browser or device. These technologies enable various online functionalities (including recognizing and tracking browsing behavior).
What We Do:
Provide Advertising technology for managing digital advertising campaigns and for monetizing digital properties.
User Information We Collect:
Pseudonymous User Information such as:
Unique online and device identifiers
Mobile device advertising identifiers
IP addresses
Browser and device information
Web browsing history from advertising impressions
Information about an individual’s engagement with ads
Information about an individual’s behavior on Digital Properties
Data We May Receive From Partners For Use in Connection With Our Ad
Services:
User Information such as:
Demographic data
Geolocation Information, including precise geolocation data
Obfuscated user identifiers such as hashed email addresses
Pseudonymous personal information (see “
User Information We Collect
” above)
ID Syncing data
How The Ad Services Collect Data:
Some of the ways our Ad Services collect User Information:
from Publishers passing us information so that we can help them monetize ad inventory space on their digital properties
from Clients uploading data onto our platform
from Clients using our technology (including Cookies) to gather data
through the process of serving ads (including how you interact with an ad)
Data Our Ad Services Do Not Collect:
PubMatic’s Ad Services do not collect directly identifiable personal information, including, for example:
PubMatic does not collect your email address
PubMatic does not collect your physical address
PubMatic does not collect your phone number
PubMatic does not collect your social security number
PubMatic does not collect your name
How We Use the Data We Collect:
The Ad Services processes the User Information we collect for advertising purposes, including:
Personalizing ads
Delivering ads
Limiting the number of times you see an ad (called “frequency capping”)
Measuring the effectiveness of ads and ad campaigns
Reporting on ad campaigns to our Clients
Maintaining records or transactions, user actions and conversions
Attributing purchases or other actions taken by a user to ads
Associating devices or identifiers that may be related to each other
Preventing malicious or fraudulent activity
Improving our Ad Services
Location based advertising
Service support and diagnostics
Administration of our business
How We Disclose the Data We Collect:
We disclose User Information that we collect to:
Media Buyers, as a way of informing them about the potential audience for their ads if they purchase a Publisher’s advertising inventory
Clients, to help them improve the effectiveness of their – and their client’s – ads
Service providers, Vendors, and Subprocessors
Where we think we’re required to by law or where we have determined that we need to
in order to defend or bring a legal claim.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES &
PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit or use a digital property that uses our technology, we (and our Clients) use and deploy Cookies to automatically collect certain information about you and your computer or other devices, such as your mobile device, CTV, or OTT TV device. While none of this technology provides us with directly identifiable information (meaning, it doesn’t include your name, clear text email address, phone number), it may be considered “
personal data
” or “
personal information”
in some jurisdictions. Altogether, the personal data or personal information discussed in this policy shall be “
User Information.
” PubMatic collects or assigns pseudonymous identifiers (“
Online Identifiers”)
to your browser or other devices to enable our Ad Services to determine within a reasonable level of confidence that a browser or device is the same with which our Ad Services have previously interacted. These identifiers include:
cookie IDs (a unique ID randomly assigned by PubMatic to a browser);
unique online IDs (“
UUID
”) created by identity providers and used by our Clients;
mobile advertising IDs (a unique ID assigned by the mobile operating system (e.g., Apple ID for Advertising or Android Advertising ID)); or
CTV or OTT TV device identifier for advertising (a unique ID assigned by the OTT or CTV publisher).
If we (or our Media Buyers) can identify a browser or device, it increases the value of that advertisement to provide more content for you to enjoy. To opt out of our use of such technologies for interest-based advertising purposes, please follow the instructions for opting out, as described in “
Your Opt-Out Choices
” below. See PubMatic’s
Platform Cookie and Other Similar Technologies Policy
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Our Ad Services may also automatically collect the following information and associate it with one of the identifiers described above (also User Information:
Browser and Device Information
, such as the IP address you use to connect to an online service; device type and model; manufacturer; operating system type and version (e.g. iOS or Android); web browser type and version (e.g., Chrome or Safari); user-agent; carrier name; time zone; network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular); and information about our Publisher’s apps and versions currently active on a device.
Information about an End User’s behavior on our Publishers digital properties
(“
Behavioral Information
“), such as information about how you interact with the pages of those digital properties, session start/stop time, and precise geolocation (including latitude and longitude coordinates, but only if the Publisher’s digital property has enabled location services on the device and the End User has granted the Publisher permission to collect and share this information for advertising purposes).
Information about ads serviced, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether the End User interacted with the ad, the number of times an End User has seen the ad, and whether the End User visited the Media Buyer’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised (“
Ad Interaction
“).
Information about your location,
which we may derive from the approximate location of your device via your IP address (
“Geolocation Information”).
User Information we receive from third parties
We may also combine, merge and/or augment the User Information we collect about you with information received from Publishers and other Clients (such as our data providers) and may include:
Demographic or interest data, obfuscated user identifiers such as UUIDs, hashed email addresses and/or hashed phone numbers, and content viewed (“
Partner Provided Information
“). We do not intentionally collect or process sensitive User Information (e.g., social security numbers) and attempt to prohibit our Clients and partners from passing any such information to PubMatic.
Precise geolocation information collected through Digital Properties. We will not use precise geolocation information for interest-based advertising without your opt-in consent (“
Geolocation”).
We use this Geolocation to derive regions for ad performance reporting.
We work with Clients to help create or obtain groupings of End Users by one or more attributes (e.g., ‘cycling enthusiast’) for advertising purposes (“
Audience Segments”)
.
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
We process and/or disclose User Information for various business purposes, including to provide the Ad Services and to operate our business. This section will describe those purposes in detail and includes our data processing practices.
Numerous states within the United States have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“
State Privacy Laws
”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you.
Likewise, those located in the EEA or UK are also afforded various rights, including additional disclosures (
“UK & Europe Privacy Laws
”). Under UK & Europe Privacy Laws, we have established a legal basis for processing your personal information. In most instances, consent is the basis for PubMatic’s processing of User Information. If you do not consent with respect to PubMatic’s SSP, PubMatic may still solicit bids for advertising to be displayed to you but will not process your personal information. In some circumstances we may rely on our legitimate interest to collect and use your personal information, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may use any of the data described in this Policy for the secondary purpose of detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, security, or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to our rights, property, or safety, or that of the public. This is necessary for us to pursue our, your and our partners’ legitimate interests. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
Contacting Us
” heading below. Please note that we take appropriate measures to ensure that any processing of User Information is done in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations, and with care for protecting your privacy and User Information.
Serve and Deliver Ads (Ad Services).
Generally, we process User Information to provide our products and services (including the Ad Services) as described in this Platform Privacy Policy. This is what allows Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their Digital Properties and Media Buyers to bid on and fill that inventory with relevant ads, as well as to determine inventory value and to inform bid decisions (i.e., whether to purchase an ad impression or not, for creating segments for End Users matching, targeting of lookalike audiences or retargeting users). For example, when a Publisher has potential ad inventory to offer, we will send a “bid request” to Media Buyers which includes the information detailed in this privacy policy so that Media Buyers can determine if they want to purchase the ad impression.
Ad Reporting.
Provide information and reports to Media Buyers about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their Digital Property (including whether an advertised app has been installed). This information is used to analyze an advertising campaign’s performance.
Frequency Capping.
Using information from our Ad Services to prevent seeing the same ad too many times.
Targeted Advertising.
The method by which we predict likely commercial interests (e.g., sports or travel) based on activities across websites, mobile apps, and other Digital Properties over time. We will also supplement User Information with additional information we receive from third parties, such as third-party advertising segments or audiences, to allow us to customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to End Users and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting exposure to less relevant ads).
Location Based Advertising.
Location-based advertising, services, and content delivered in real-time using your device’s physical location (where permitted by law).
ID Syncs.
We may disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their identifier to our identifier.
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security).
Identify invalid ad impressions, clicks, installs, or ad queries, protect us and our Publishers from fraudulent behavior, and protect the security of the Ad Services.
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services.
These purposes include several processing activities supporting our ability to run the business for our Clients, such as to:
Facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Ad Services, as well as auditing, researching, and analyzing information to provide, protect, manage, and improve our Ad Services, develop new services, and ensure that our technologies function properly.
Calculate Ad Services usage levels, help diagnose server problems and administer the Ad Services.
Operate our business, such as billing, support, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations.
We may disclose User Information to our service providers that store or process the User Information in furtherance of the services we offer via our Ad Services and on our behalf.
The following table illustrates the categories of User Information processed for each business purpose, the lawful basis under which we process User Information, and the categories of recipients of User Information where we engage third parties to augment our ability to provide the Ad Services.
Purpose of Use
Serve & Deliver Ads (Ad Services)
Ad Reporting
Frequency Capping
Targeted Advertising
Location Based Advertising
ID Syncs
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security)
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services
Categories of Personal Data
Online Identifiers
x
x
x
x
Demographic Information
x
x
x
Browser and Device Information
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Behavioral Information
x
x
x
x
x
Ad Interaction
x
x
x
x
x
Partner Provided Information
x
x
x
Geolocation Information & Geolocation
x
x
x
x
Audience Segments
x
x
x
Lawful Basis (UK / EEA)
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Legitimate Interest
Categories of Recipients
Affiliates
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Clients
x
x
x
x
x
Attribution & Analytics Partners
x
x
x
x
Service Providers/
Sub processors & Consultants
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
We may disclose User Information in accordance with applicable laws, both within and outside of an individual’s country of residence for specific situations which include:
Where we need to comply with legal obligations or respond to requests from public and government authorities, even if they are outside your country of residence.
To enforce our terms and conditions, protect our operations or the operations of our affiliates, safeguard our rights, privacy, safety, or property, as well as the rights, privacy, safety, or property of our affiliates, you, or others;
When necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; and
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
Cross-device and Cross-app targeting
Cross-device and cross-app targeting are strategies employed in digital advertising to effectively connect and interact with individuals across multiple devices and different mobile applications. These strategies aim to enhance the advertising experience by delivering more relevant and personalized ads to you, regardless of the devices or mobile apps you use.
Our Publishers, Media Buyers, and Clients may use information that we share with them to establish connections among related devices (such as smartphones, tablets, and computers) for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. They may create a match between your devices if you log into the same online service on multiple devices or web browsers, or if your devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by you or someone in your household. For example, Media Buyers may deliver ads on a tablet based on activities you engaged in on your smartphone. To opt out of cross-device targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Cross-Device Targeting
.”
Our Publishers and Clients also may use information about your activity across multiple, unaffiliated third-party mobile applications for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. For example, if you use a travel app, these third parties may display travel-related ads to you on other, unrelated apps.
To opt out of cross-app targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising for Mobile Advertising Identifiers
” in the “
Your Privacy Choices
” section of the
Opt Out webpage
.
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
Because of the role that PubMatic plays in the advertising ecosystem, many of the use cases described above involve a transfer of data to third parties – often to a Publisher or a Media Buyer. For example, when a Publisher works with us to fill an ad on one of their digital properties, we share information with Media Buyers so that they can determine whether they want to show an ad on that property, how much they want to spend on that ad impression, and what ad to show. More detail on these disclosures is provided below. For the purposes described in this Policy, we share your User Information with the following categories of recipients:
Our affiliates
: We may disclose your information to our affiliates (see “
Who We Are
“) who provide data processing and business administration support for the purposes described in this Policy. PubMatic, Inc., is the party responsible for the management of your User Information jointly used by it and its affiliates.
Third party service providers and partners
: We may disclose your information to our third party service providers and partners who provide data processing services to support the delivery of our Ad Services, or who have a key function in the online advertising ecosystem and with whom it is necessary for PubMatic to exchange information in order to deliver the Ad Services, in each case for purposes described in this Policy.
The following table lists the main categories third party service providers we engage to process your User Information and partners with whom information is exchanged, the nature of the services or role they provide, and the types of User Information they receive in order to provide these services / fulfill their role.
Category of Service Provider or Partner
Nature of Services / Information Sharing
User Information
Publishers
We may disclose data collected through our Ad Services to our Publishers to allow them to analyse the effectiveness and performance of our Ad Services and to offer targeted ad inventory to our Media Buyer Clients.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Media Buyers
We may share data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with our Media Buyer Clients for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention. This data is also allows them to make decisions regarding buying advertising inventory on Publishers’ Digital Properties and other websites and applications; to analyze the effectiveness and performance of their advertising campaigns via our services; and to enable our Media Buyer Clients to provide you with more personalized content.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data; Business Administration Information.
Other Clients
We may share certain data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with brands, agencies and other interested third parties to help them better identify and validate commercial opportunities, promote transparency, and protect against fraud.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Attribution and Analytics Partners
We may share data (such as cookie ID, mobile device ID, or other unique identifier) with our (or our Publisher or Media Buyer’s) attribution and analytics partners to validate and measure the success and effectiveness of ads delivered via the Platform.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
IT service providers
IT service providers work on behalf of or with us to allow us to operate the Ad Services, and typically provide services such as data storage, data processing services, hosting services, and technical support.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Professional service providers
Professional service providers may be persons, companies or professional firms providing us with advice and consulting in areas such as lead management, campaign management, legal services, accountancy services, and fraud prevention.
Potentially all data types.
Other third parties
:
Buyers of some or part of our business
: We may share your information with a third party in the event of a contemplated or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
For legal purposes
: We may share your information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with subpoenas, warrants, or other legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
With consent
: We may disclose an individual’s information to others with the individual’s consent to such disclosure.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND DATA RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies
To opt out of receiving advertising targeted to your interests (including retargeting) from our Ad Services through the use of cookies in your current browser, and for more information on what it means to opt out, please go to
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. See PubMatic’s
Ad Services or “Platform Cookie Policy”
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Mobile Apps
Your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt in to or out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for targeted advertising purposes.
Connected TVs
Our Clients and partners may display interest-based advertising on CTVs (also known as smart TVs or connected devices), based on your use of CTVs over time and across non-affiliated CTV apps. To learn more about these practices and how to opt out, please review your connect TV’s settings menu and visit
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
Industry Opt Outs
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). We also adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and Multi-Site Data, the Application of Self-Regulatory Principles to the Mobile Environment, and the Application of the DAA Principles of Transparency and Control to Data Used Across Devices. PubMatic also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”) Code of Conduct, and actively participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF 2). We comply with IAB’s Specifications and Policies under vendor identification number 76. Please visit
optout. networkadvertising.org
, or
optout.aboutads.info
to learn how to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across multiple third-party websites, online services, devices, or applications for interest-based advertising purposes.
Some of our Publishers have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their sites, which you should review if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a particular company.
Your Data Rights
Individuals may be entitled to exercise certain data subject rights available under applicable laws. These rights may include the right to request access to User Information we hold. Individuals may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, processing of User Information, such as profiling we perform for the purpose of interest-based advertising. Individuals may also have the right to ask that User Information be corrected, erased, or transferred to another party. Where we have asked for consent to process data, consent may be withdrawn.
To make a request to exercise your data rights with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates. We reserve the right to confirm your residence to accurately process your request and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your right to know/access, delete, and correct. This is a security measure to, for example, help ensure we do not disclose information to a person who is not entitled to receive it. The identity verification process may vary depending on how you submit your request. We will only ask for information that we process to verify your identity, such as a cookie ID or mobile advertising ID.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you are submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, you are required to submit proof of your identity, and proof of authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission from the individual who is the subject of the request. In some cases, we may ask the individual to confirm they have given you permission to make the request. Please be advised that we cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request for an individual, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
.
Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY LAWS
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to request access to, or deletion or correction of, your User Information. To make such a request with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates.
Personal Information that May Be “Shared,” “Sold,” or processed for “Targeted Advertising” & Your Opt-Out Rights under State Privacy Laws
As described in this Platform Privacy Policy, we process information to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including to build interest segments. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under certain State Privacy Laws. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 18.
If you reside in California, you may also opt out of web-based sales and sharing via our browser cookie by visiting the digital properties of our Clients with a legally-recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers (such as cookie IDs and device and advertising IDs)
Demographic information (such as age and gender)
Commercial information (such as apps you download, purchases you make, and other conversion activities)
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as Publishers’ digital properties that you visit and ads you click on)
Geolocation information, (such as inferred location based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information)
Inferences (such as interests associated with a cookie ID based on Publisher digital properties you visit)
Our Clients
Third party data partners
Other Publishers and advertising intermediaries
Please visit
CCPA Privacy Policy
to review our CPRA and Data Broker Metrics
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND
Depending on your location, you may have data subject rights (“
DSR
”s) described in the “
Your Data Rights
” section above; these rights are applicable, for example, to individuals located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA”
), United Kingdom (“
UK”
) and Switzerland. In order to exercise your rights under applicable laws, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
, which includes instructions for how to submit a request and details regarding our process for responding to requests.
If we have collected and processed your User Information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your User Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are located in the EEA or the UK, you may also have the right to
complain to a Data Protection Authority
about our collection and use of your User Information. For more information, please contact your local Data Protection Authority.
EEA
Data Protection Authority member list
UK
Information Commissioner’s Office
Please note that because most of the personal information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot directly identify you personally, you may need to provide us with additional information to enable us to identify the User Information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfill your request and do not infringe on the privacy rights of other individuals.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSERS
In connection with the PubMatic Properties and Ad Services, your User Information may be transferred to, and processed by PubMatic, its service providers, and partners in countries other than the country in which you are resident, including in the United States, India, and other locations where we have offices or employees (please see our
Locations
page for a full list) or engage service providers or our partners. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country of residence and may not provide the same level of protection as your jurisdiction. Regardless of where your data is located, PubMatic shall process your User Information in accordance with this Platform Privacy Policy.
If you are located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we will protect your User Information when it is transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (i) processing it in compliance with the Data-Privacy Framework (as applicable, defined below); (ii) processing it in a territory that provides an adequate level of protection for User Informationbased on the receiving country’s data protection laws; or (iii) to the extent that the Data Privacy Framework is unavailable and the recipient country has not been deemed to provide adequate protection, implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your User Information, such as requiring the recipient to comply with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism. Where we transfer User Information originating in the EEA, UK or Switzerland pursuant to a contract incorporating the EU Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism, you may request a copy of such transfer mechanism (subject to the removal of confidential or commercially sensitive information).
DATA-PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
PubMatic, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF”
), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF”
) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (together, referred to herein as the “
Data Privacy Framework”
). PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Further, PubMatic is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. PubMatic complies with EU-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Platform Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over PubMatic, Inc’s compliance with the Data Privacy Framework. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose User Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, PubMatic, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of User Information received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF with our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com. Additionally, PubMatic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge), TRUSTe. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, or we are not able to resolve the issue, individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with their local data privacy authority. For contact details of local Data Protection Authorities, please visit the European Data Protection Board member list (
https://www.edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
) or the UK data protection regulator (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
If you wish to exercise your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, please write to: Attn: EEA Contact Representative, PubMatic GmbH, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN Amsterdam Netherlands or pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
We will retain User Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, including for the purposes of satisfying any business, legal, regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements; to establish and defend legal claims; for fraud prevention purposes; or as long as required to meet our legal obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for User Information, we consider the volume, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of that data, the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, along with any applicable legal requirements.
The following represents the retention periods of User Information, by data type. For clarity, we will revise these periods as required or permitted by law.
USER INFORMATION
RETENTION PERIOD
Pseudonymous and/or obfuscated identifiers (e.g., Cookies, unique online IDs, mobile device advertising IDs, CTV/OTT ID, IP address, browser and/or device information, hashed emails, ID Syncing data); and Geolocation data)
20 days
Information linked to pseudonymous identifiers (e.g., web browsing history from advertising impressions; ad engagement statistics; digital property engagement analytics; and demographic data)
120 days
Personal data created through our processing (e.g., audience segmentation)
90 days
SECURITY
We use reasonable organizational, technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect the User Information we collect and process. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing User Information If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We will review and update this Policy periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision at the top of this Policy. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post the revised Policy on our website and may take additional measures to inform you about such changes prior to such changes taking effect. We encourage you to review this Policy frequently.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Platform Privacy Policy or PubMatic’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com, or by mail using the details provided below.
Please note that email communications are not always secure, so please do not include sensitive information in your emails to us.
Residents outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
PubMatic, Inc. c/o Privacy
601 Marshall Street
Redwood City, California 94063, USA
European Economic Area (EEA), and Swiss Residents:
Attn: EEA Representative
PubMatic GmbH
Barbara Strozzilaan 101
1083 HN Amsterdam, Netherlands
UK Residents:
Attn: UK Representative
PubMatic Limited
18 – 22 Stoney Lane
Yardley, Birmingham B25 8YP, England
To comply with our obligations under EU/ UK data protection legislation, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO). Our DPO is contactable at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com or by mail using the details provided above. Who is the controller of my data? For the purposes of EU/UK data protection legislation, PubMatic, Inc is the controller of your User Information.
About Cookies On This Site
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
to learn more or manage your personal preferences in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Decline
Accept
Options
Sub-policy 27
https://www.rubicon.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Businesses
Haulers
Global Solutions
Sustainability Hub
Our Company
Investors
BACK
Solutions
Enterprise Businesses
Small or Independent Businesses
Technical Advisory Services
Products
RUBICONRegWatch™
Sustainability Reporting
Mail-Back Recycling
BACK
All Resources
Articles
Guides
BACK
Company
About Rubicon
Culture
Compliance
Corporate Citizenship Report
Leadership Team
Connect
Careers
Events
News
Content
Blog
Customer Stories
Trash or Treasure
Video Library
Effective Date: October 18, 2021
The rights of California residents under this Policy are described in
Section 11
.
Rubicon Holdings, LLC (“
Rubicon
”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (“
Policy
”). Rubicon collects information about you when you use our mobile applications, websites, and other products and services (collectively, the “
Services
”) and through other interactions and communications you have with us.
PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND HOW WE WILL TREAT IT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES, DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
1. SCOPE AND APPLICATION
This Policy applies to persons who use our Services to schedule pickups of waste and recyclable materials by independent haulers identified by Rubicon or (except as excluded elsewhere in this Policy) otherwise interact with Rubicon through the Services, such as by visiting our websites or mobile applications (“
Users
”). For purposes of this Policy, “personal information” includes your name, postal address, email address, telephone number and any other information that may be used to identify, contact or locate you or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. This Policy does not apply to: (i) information we collect from or about the third party, independent hauling companies that are (or will be) under contract with Rubicon (collectively, “
Haulers
”); or (ii) information collected by any third party for that third party’s own purposes, including any content that may link to or be accessible through our Services. If you interact with the Services as both a User and a Hauler, the respective Policies apply to your different interactions.
2. UPDATES TO THE POLICY
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we make significant changes in the way we treat your personal information we will provide you with notice through the Services or by some other means, such as email or posting a revised version of the Policy on our website. We encourage you to periodically review the Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
3. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
A. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect information from you when you directly provide it to us, for example when you register and create or modify your account, request certain services, contact customer support or provide feedback, or otherwise communicate with us.
B. INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT
When you use our Services, we may automatically collect information about you.
Location Information: When you use the Services to schedule a pickup, we may collect precise location data about the pickup location from your mobile device. Depending on your settings on your mobile device, we may collect this information when the app is running in the foreground or background. You may choose to refuse to give Rubicon permission to collect your location information in your mobile device’s settings; however if you choose to do so, your use of the Services may be impaired. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address. Refusing Rubicon permission to collect your location information will not prevent us from deriving your approximate location from your IP address.
Transaction Information: We collect transaction details related to your use of our Services, including the type of pickup requested, date and time the pickup was provided, amount charged, weight and substance of the pickup, and other related transaction details.
Usage and Preference Information: We may automatically collect information about how you interact with our Services, your preferences, and settings. In some cases, we do this through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers. To learn more about these technologies, please see the Section below regarding Cookies.
Device Information: We may automatically collect information about your mobile device, including, for example, the hardware model, operating system and version, software and file names and versions, unique device identifier, advertising identifiers, device motion information, and mobile network information.
Call and SMS Data: We may be required to call or text (SMS) you during your use of the Services. In connection with doing so, we receive call data, including the date and time of the call or SMS message, your phone numbers, and the content of the SMS message.
Log Information: When you interact with the Services, we automatically collect server logs, which may include information like device IP address, access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity, type of browser, and the third-party site or service you were using before interacting with our Services, if you are linking to our Services from such third-party site or service.
C. IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PLATFORM PERMISSIONS
Most mobile platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of device data that apps cannot access without your consent. These platforms have different permission systems for obtaining your consent. The iOS platform will alert you the first time the Rubicon app wants permission to access certain types of data and will ask you to either consent or not consent to that request. Android devices will notify you of the permissions that the Rubicon app seeks before you first use the app, and your use of the app constitutes your consent.
D. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may also receive information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example:
If you choose to link, create, or log in to your Rubicon account with a payment provider or social media platform, we may receive information about you or your connections from that site or app.
If you also interact with our Services in another capacity, for instance as a Hauler or user of other apps we provide, we may combine or associate that information with information we have collected from you in your capacity as a User.
4. OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect about you to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services
Personalize and improve the Services, including providing or recommending features, content, and advertisements
Facilitate pickups between you and a Hauler, including providing estimated times of arrival
Send you communications we think will be of interest to you, including information about products, services, promotions, news, and events of Rubicon and third parties, where permissible and according to local applicable laws; and to process contest, sweepstake, or other promotion entries and fulfill any related awards
Perform internal operations, including, for example, to prevent fraud and abuse of our Services; to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems; to conduct data analysis, testing, and research; and to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends
Respond to your inquiries and for other customer service purposes
5. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share any of the categories of personal information that we collect about you as described in this Policy or as described at the time of collection or sharing, including as follows:
THROUGH OUR SERVICES
We may share your personal information:
With Haulers to enable them to provide the Services you request. For example, we share your name and pickup location with Haulers. We will not share information with Haulers other than as necessary for them to perform the Services for you
With other people if directed by you
With third parties to provide you a service you requested through a partnership or promotional offering made by a third party or us
With the general public if you submit content in a public forum, such as blog comments, social media posts, or other features of our Services that are viewable by the general public
With third parties with whom you choose to let us share information, for example other apps or websites that integrate with our API or Services, or those with an API or Service with which we integrate
With your employer, if you request the Services on behalf of your employer
OTHER SHARING
We may share your personal information:
With Rubicon subsidiaries and affiliated entities that provide services or conduct data processing on our behalf, or for data centralization and/or logistics purposes
With third party service providers such as vendors, consultants, and marketing partners, who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf
In an aggregated and/or anonymized form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you
In response to a request for information by a competent authority if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation, or legal process
With law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our Terms of Use, or any other policies, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Rubicon or others
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing
6. ANALYTICS AND ADVERTISING SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS
We may allow third parties to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other technologies to identify your device when you visit our site and use our Services, as well as when you visit other online sites and services.
7. COOKIES
We and certain third parties may use cookies and other identification technologies on our Services. A cookie is a small file stored on your browser or device that may vary depending on the party serving the cookie. It may be possible to refuse to accept mobile cookies by activating the appropriate settings on your mobile device or downloading certain apps that block cookies. However, cookies are an important part of our Service; therefore you should be aware that if you choose to refuse cookies, this may affect the availability and functionality of the Services.
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, to better understand your use of the Services and how we can improve them.  Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit a website, what pages you visit when you do so, and what other websites you used prior to coming to such website.  Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit a website, rather than your name or other directly identifying information.  We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with your personal information.  Although Google Analytics plants a persistent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit a website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.  Google Analytics uses its cookie(s) and the information Google Analytics collects to track your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Services, and other websites.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is governed by the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.  Google uses the data collected to track and examine the use of the Website, to prepare reports on its activities, and share them with other Google services.  To more fully understand how Google may use the data it collects through the Services, please review “How Google Uses Information From Sites or Apps That Use Our Services” (located
here
).
8. SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES
The Services may integrate with certain social media platforms which let you share actions you take on our Services with other apps, sites, or media, and vice versa. Your use of such platforms enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on your settings with the applicable social media platform. Please refer to the privacy policies of those social media platforms for more information about how they share the data you provide to or share through them.
9. ACCOUNT INFORMATION
You may update or correct information about yourself at any time by logging into your in-app account. If you wish to cancel your account, please delete our app and email us at
support@rubicon.com
. In some cases, we may retain certain information about you as required by law, or for legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law.
10. PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us by following the instructions in those messages. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.  If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, about Services you have requested, or our ongoing business relations.
11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section provides the information required to be disclosed, and the rights California residents have, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).  The CCPA currently exempts personal information reflecting a business-to-business communication (“B2B Personal Information”) from certain of the law’s requirements, and also currently exempts personal information collected and used about a natural person acting as a business’s employee or contractor (“Personnel Information”). The rights described below may not apply to B2B Personal Information or Personnel Information.
The information that we have collected and disclosed (as described above) in the past 12 months is along the following categories for the purposes of the CCPA:
Category
Collected?
Disclosed for a business purpose?
A. Identifiers, e.g., name and email address.
Yes
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), e.g., address, telephone number and employer.
Yes
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
No
No
D. Commercial information.
Yes
Yes
E. Biometric information.
No
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Yes
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Yes
Yes
H. Sensory data.
No
No
I. Professional or employment-related information
No
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
No
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
No
No
We do not sell your personal information, and we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless you provide us with consent to do so.
Under CCPA, California residents have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
The right to receive information about the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources we have received it from, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling it, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information, and the specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
The right to obligate us to delete the personal information we have collected about you excluding that collected in a limited set of circumstances, such as personal information processed to complete a transaction and retention of personal information necessary for legal compliance.
The right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.  Please note, however, that we do not sell your personal information.
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the preceding rights.
You may exercise the rights above by submitting a request to
compliance@rubicon.com
or by telephone at (844) 479-1507.  In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. We may also need to collect additional information about your previous interactions with Rubicon to verify and fulfill your request. Please allow up to forty-five (45) days for the completion of your request.
You may authorize an agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf.  We will seek to verify your identity and your agent’s authority when we receive an individual rights request made on your behalf to ensure the security of your personal information, and may need to collect additional personal information to do so, e.g., by requesting documents showing your agent’s authority (such as powers of attorney).
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these data rights. To the greatest extent possible, we will provide you with the same quality of service at the same price after exercising these rights.
12. Other Data Protection Rights
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, and subject to applicable data protection laws, you may have the following data protection rights:  to access; correct; update; port; delete; restrict; or object to our processing of your personal information. We respond to requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection law. Please send such requests to
compliance@rubicon.com
. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
13. Using the Services from Outside of the United States
If you are using the Services from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. For example, we and our customers and partners strive to take commercially reasonably efforts to put in place appropriate safeguards or identify an applicable derogation required for affecting the data transfer.
14. Residents of the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland
This portion of our Policy applies to Users in the EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom only and applies to the extent of any inconsistency with the information above. All terms not otherwise defined in this section shall have the meanings as defined under applicable data protection laws.
Consent.
We will make it clear if we rely on your consent to process your personal data and, where we rely on consent as a basis for processing personal data, you are free to withdraw your consent at any time.  If you wish to do so, please contact us at
compliance@rubicon.com
.
Legitimate Interest.
Another reason we might use your personal data is because we have—or a third party has—a legitimate interest in doing so.  We do so when responding to your inquiries about our products and services; to provide services and technical support to you; and to enable internal administrative processes, such as account administration.
Retention Period.
When we no longer need to process your personal data for the purposes described in this Policy, we will delete your personal data from our systems.  We therefore generally retain information when we have an ongoing legitimate business need for the information and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Providing Your Data.
One reason we might use your personal data is because you’ve inquired into entering into a contract with us or your organization has entered into a contract with us and we need to provide services under that contract.  We may not be able to fulfill that contract if you choose not to provide us with your personal data.
Purpose of Processing.
When we process your personal data, we determine the purpose of the processing and act as a controller.  We will primarily process personal data to offer our products services, process payments, and to provide prospective customers with information about our products, in addition to other purposes set out in this Policy.
Automated Decision Making.
We do not engage in any automated decision making as a part of our Services.
Rectification.
We want our records to be as accurate as possible, so please advise us of any errors and we will make corrections accordingly.  A difference of opinion or view does not necessarily mean that personal data is inaccurate.  If you have a difference of opinion, we will do our best to add that opinion to our records.
Erasure and your “Right to be Forgotten”.
Please contact us at
compliance@rubicon.com
if you want us to delete your personal data.  We will do our best to honor your request, but we may have an obligation to keep records for audit and legal purposes. We may also be able to “Restrict Processing” or delete specific information or a document, which we will do without undue delay, for example, where it has been sent to us in error.
Object to Processing.
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to object to our use of your personal data, such as if we are using your personal data for direct marketing or for our or a third party’s legitimate interests. Please contact us at
compliance@rubicon.com
if you would like us to do so.
Right to Restrict Processing.
Under some circumstances, you may request that we limit how we use your data or “Restrict Processing.”  Simply a difference of opinion or view does not necessarily justify a restriction, but we will always consider your opinion.  We will always inform you before we lift any restriction.
Access Data.
You may, subject to certain exceptions, receive a copy of your personal data from us. If you would like to do so, please contact us at
compliance@rubicon.com
and we will advise you of the next steps as soon as possible.
Data Portability.
At your request, we are happy to provide your personal data in a machine-readable or “portable” format so you can move it or store it wherever you want, subject to certain limitations.  We can also send it to another controller where technically feasible. If you would like to do so, please contact us at
compliance@rubicon.com
and we will advise you of the next steps.
Right to Complain.
If you have a complaint about how Rubicon uses your personal data, we hope that in the first instance you will contact us and we will promptly address your concern.  However, you can always file a complaint with the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority (contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
; and contact details for the data protection authority in the UK are available at
https://ico.org.uk/
).
Charges/Fees.
We do not charge you a fee for exercising any of your rights described above.
15. Linked Websites
Some hyperlinks may be posted on the Services that link to other websites not under our control. We are not responsible for, and this Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of those websites. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each website that you visit. In addition, should you happen to initiate a transaction on a website that our Services links to, even if you reached that website through the Services, the information that you submit to complete that transaction becomes subject to the privacy practices of the operator of that linked website. You should read that website’s privacy policies to understand how personal information that is collected about you is used and protected.
16. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Users must be at least 18 years of age, or the age of legal majority in their jurisdiction (if different than 18) to download and use our Services. We do not collect any information regarding children under the age of 16. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us using the contact information at the end of this Policy.
17. CONTACT US
If you or your agent have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at
(844) 479-1507
.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Your Privacy Choices
Sub-policy 28
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/:
Welcome to
Sharethrough’s
Privacy Center
Back to Sharethrough.com
Sharethrough Privacy Policy—
We are Committed to Providing a Transparent & Engaging Experience Across our Digital Platforms
We at Sharethrough believe the internet is a place where the fundamental  right to privacy should be protected and everyone has a role to play in protecting it. We believe such protection is achieved through transparency and communication.
This is why we have prepared a series of policies and other documents to help you better understand the actions we take as an actor of the Adtech industry to ensure the protection of personal data. On this page, you will find our User Privacy Notice, Corporate Privacy Notice, Website Privacy Notice, and
Candidate Privacy Notice.  You will also be able to access, delete, or opt-out of the processing of your personal  data. Please review the links under the Privacy Notice for users to achieve a comprehensive overview of our data processing activities.
We trust these documents will help you better understand the way we interact with personal data and how we operate within the Ad Tech industry.
User Privacy Notice
This Sharethrough Privacy Notice for Users describes the information we may collect from you when you visit the digital properties of our clients across the web, and on mobile or video-programming applications.
User Privacy Notice
User Rights: Access and Deletion of your Information
Opt-out/Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Website Privacy Notice
This Website Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you when you visit our websites.
Website Privacy Notice
Candidate Privacy Notice
This Candidate Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you during the recruitment process with Sharethrough.
Candidate Privacy Notice
Corporate Privacy Notice
This Corporate Privacy Notice describes the information we may collect from you when you work with us in a business capacity as our client and/or use our proprietary client-facing programmatic advertising applications.
Corporate Privacy Notice
Sub-policy 29
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 30
https://www.tappx.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Profiles
Our users
Only by truly prioritizing the needs of our clients we can bring them the results they need.
Developers
Independent app and game developers with agile start requirements.
Publishers
Mid-size and large publishers with enterprise needs.
Advertisers & agencies
Media buyers pursuing direct and premium inventory.
Demand partners
Programmatic buying platforms aiming to integrate with our services.
Solutions
Our solutions
Our technology works hand in hand with our brilliant team. It’s a unique human contribution.
Monetization
Maximize ad revenue from your app, web, media outlet or channel.
Paid user acquisition at scale
Meet your user acquisition goals effectively.
Programmatic brand advertising
Access direct and premium inventory.
Programmatic performance advertising
Meet your ad campaign goals and pay only for the results you get.
Platforms
Our platforms
Constantly challenging to explore new ideas and platforms to deliver the most innovative solutions.
Mobile
In-app and mobile web environments.
Desktop web
Web advertising options for bigger screen size.
OTT/CTV
Video advertising options for Connected TV and over-the-top platforms.
Company
Our company
Who we are, how we work, and how to join our beloved team.
About us
Where we came from, where we are going to.
Our team
Meet the team members who you will be number one fan.
Careers
Do you stand out? Come on board!
Trust Center
Learn everything about our "Quality First Framework".
Press Center
What they say about us in the press: numbers, announcements, and interviews.
Community
Our community
We believe in fair opportunities for all parts of the ad ecosystem. Knowledge is one way to achieve it.
Our agenda
Events where we can meet next
Industry events calendar
Discover key industry events and dates to mark on your calendar.
Knowledge Center
Everything you need to know about the industry in one place.
Blog
Tips and trends about technology, media, and apps to master water-cooler conversations.
Success stories
Before you, others have trusted us and achieved the results they set out.
Get started
Compliance resource center
Legal information
Legal notice
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
General terms and conditions
Programmatic demand general terms
Programmatic supply general terms
Performance demand general terms
Performance supply general terms
Data Privacy Agreement
Consumer Opt Out
DSA notice
How we serve ads
Privacy policy
Understand how we process and safeguard your personal data.
Summary
We consider your privacy a priority when providing our services.
Your consent is our starting point, no surprises.
We process your data rigorously and according to applicable data protection regulation.
Know your rights regarding the data we process.
Read carefully
×
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
Etiam elit tortor, consequat sit amet ultricies ut, pellentesque a magna. Etiam mattis odio ut nibh pulvinar bibendum. Curabitur porta gravida urna sit amet tincidunt. Etiam sit amet nunc vulputate, blandit mauris sit amet, lacinia arcu. Morbi in orci tincidunt, tincidunt dolor vitae, hendrerit sem. Etiam in suscipit purus. Morbi dignissim vitae nibh ut condimentum.
Close
We use cookies
We use our own and third-party cookies to compile statistics on the use of the website in order to identify faults and improve the content and configuration of the website. We also use own and third party cookies to remember some options you have chosen (language, for example).
Manage preferences
.
Accept
Reject
Settings
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
🏆 We won the Best User Acquisition Campaign at the App Growth Awards.
Read full success story here
Sub-policy 31
https://www.thetradedesk.com/us/privacy:
Skip to content
Privacy and The Trade Desk Platform
This page is about the privacy practices on our Trade Desk Platform and the data, including personal data or personal information (“personal data”) it uses for delivering advertising. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy,
click here
.
If you reside in the People’s Republic of China,
click here
for the China privacy policy.
Last updated: February 28, 2025
OVERVIEW
AT A GLANCE
FULL PRIVACY POLICY
THE PLATFORM
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
COOKIES
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
TARGETED ADVERTISING
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
CONTACT US
Overview
The Trade Desk offers what is known in the industry as a Demand Side Platform (“DSP” or “Platform”). We provide technology that helps advertisers and their advertising agencies manage digital advertising campaigns across many channels, such as websites, apps, audio, smart TVs, and other video. The advertising campaigns run by our clients help pay for the content you enjoy.
We, and our clients, collect and use data both to help ensure that the ads you see are relevant and to measure and report on their effectiveness.
Our Platform uses data to produce a mapping of devices that might be related to each other, meaning that they might be used by the same person or by people within the same household. This helps advertisers better target and measure their campaigns, as well as limiting the number of times the same person or household sees an ad.
Our references to our Platform in this policy only refer to the Trade Desk’s own advertising technology platform and do not include the technology or systems of clients or partners that use or integrate with us. Clients and partners are bound by our policies when they use our Platform.
The Trade Desk is a member in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI). The Trade Desk also follows the industry self-regulatory guidelines of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
, and the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
.
The Trade Desk also implements and adheres to the specifications and policies of the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework as part of our compliance with EU data protection law. The Trade Desk’s identification number within the Framework is 21. See
https://​iabeu​rope​.eu/​t​r​a​n​s​p​a​r​e​n​c​y​-​c​o​n​s​e​n​t​-​f​r​a​m​e​work/
for more information.
If you want to go directly to our
Opt Out
, please visit
http://​www​.adsrvr​.org
.
At A Glance
Read below for a quick overview. See below for detailed information.
Who we are:
Global HQ: The Trade Desk, Inc. 42 N. Chestnut St Ventura, CA 93001 USA
EEA and Switzerland: The UK Trade Desk Ltd. 10
th
Floor, 1 Bartholomew Close London EC1A 7BL United Kingdom
What we do:
Advertising technology platform for managing digital advertising campaigns.
The data our Platform collects and processes:
Pseudonymous data such as:
unique cookie and device identifiers
mobile device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
web browsing history from advertising impressions we see
interest information inferred by us from web browsing history
interest information stored and/​or used on the Platform by clients and partners
location information
browser and device type, version and settings
hashed email addresses, phone numbers and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
How the Platform collects data:
Some of the ways the Platform collects data include:
from partners sending us requests for ads on websites, mobile applications, smart televisions, video devices, and other media
using cookies and pixels
from clients and partners uploading data to our platform
from clients and partners using our technology to collect data
through the delivery of advertising
The purposes for which the Platform processes data:
The Platform processes data both on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for advertising purposes such as:
personalizing ads
delivering ads
limiting the number of times you see an ad
measuring effectiveness of ads
reporting on ad campaigns
maintaining ad transaction records
attributing purchases or other actions to ads
associating devices that might be related to each other
preventing malicious or invalid activity improving our Platform and the services we offer
Disclosure and transfer:
We disclose data to other parties such as:
clients and partners to help improve the effectiveness of their, and their clients’ advertising
service providers who perform certain services on our behalf
if we think it is required by law
In addition, much of the data collected on the Platform belongs to our clients and partners.
We may transfer data from the country of origin to the US or other countries. We do so under a valid legal framework.
We may also disclose personal data in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Security and Data Retention:
We maintain generally accepted security methods to protect data on the Platform.
We retain pseudonymous data up to 18 months before we aggregate it or remove pseudonymous identifers.
Your rights and choices:
You have rights and choices with respect to the personal data on the Platform. More detailed information is available below.
Full Privacy Policy
Below, we explain in detail the type of data we collect, how we collect it, how we use it, and how we disclose it, as well as the choices available to you. If, after reading this policy, you still have questions, please feel free to contact us.
THE PLATFORM
The Platform allows advertisers and advertising agencies to manage digital advertising campaigns. We operate as a Demand Side Platform; this means we represent the demand side of the digital advertising marketplace, in which advertisers and agencies with ads to display are the “demand” and publishers with space for such ads on web pages, apps, smart TVs and other digital properties are the “supply”.
Digital advertising uses identifiers and associated data to make ads more effective and to measure their effectiveness. Without identifiers, our advertiser clients wouldn’t know, for example, if a 100 ad views were the result of 100 different users that each saw an ad, or if one user saw the same ad 100 times. This information is crucial to advertisers. Without information like this, advertisers would pay publishers much less, forcing publishers to either show more ads or make users pay for their content.
Advertisers and their agencies collect and use data on the Platform in different ways. They may bring their own data to the Platform, collect data using the Platform, or remove their data from the Platform.
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
The Platform collects and processes pseudonymous data about users, households, devices, and ads and where they’re shown. This includes:
unique cookie identifiers
device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
Interest and demographic information stored and/​or used on the Platform by clients and partners
Interest and demographic information we create or infer
other information about browsers and devices, such as type, version and settings
location information based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information (i.e., latitude/​longitude coordinates), if provided to us
information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which web page or app) they are shown, and at what time
hashed email addresses and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
The Platform receives data in several ways, including the following:
Advertisers and agencies may bring or collect their own information to our Platform (for example, that they collect on their own websites through the use of Platform technology) that we then store and use on their behalf to enhance their advertising campaigns.
Bid requests, which are sets of information that describe an ad space that is available to be filled. We get these requests from the “supply” side of the advertising ecosystem, meaning websites, apps, smart TVs, and others, as well as their agents. The requests contain information about the ad space, the device, and sometimes the user, including location information. They also usually have an ID (or IDs) that enables us to match the request with information we may already have.
Third-party suppliers of information used to target, optimize or measure advertising campaigns.
Purveyors of connected TV devices and apps can send us information about the video content viewed on the device or app.
Pixels and cookies, which allow us to recognize web browsers across sites and over time, and therefore to record information about them over time.
Mobile device IDs, which are made available through the device operating systems, like Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android, for purposes of allowing mobile apps and their advertising partners to recognize a device over time. We use these IDs in a similar way to the way we use cookies.
Mobile SDKs are bits of code that some of our partners enable to be placed in mobile apps. This enables our partners to send us data about the mobile app and device in association with the mobile device ID.
After an ad serves, our servers receive a network request from the device on which the ad was shown in order to confirm that the ad was delivered and provide information for us to measure the ad.
COOKIES
Cookies help us by enabling our ability to distinguish between, recognize, and store data about unique web browsers and devices, and to store data on our servers for the advertising purposes described here. Our cookie domain is adsrvr​.org. The Trade Desk ID (TDID) is used to recognize web-browser profiles over time across sites. The TDID has a lifespan of 1 year from the time you last received an ad powered by Platform. This lifespan may be updated each time your browser encounters our Platform.
In order to be able to transmit requests for ads and other data about users or devices between sellers and buyers, and to help show you ads that match your likely interests, we engage in cookie syncing, meaning that we match our TDID to clients’ and partners’ cookie IDs. We also use a cookie to store a related opt-out choice, when users opt out of cookie based targeted advertising.
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
The Platform processes data both on our own behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring and reporting on advertising.
Personalizing ads: We use data to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness.
Ad delivery: We use data to enable the technical delivery of an ad and measure success of delivery.
Frequency and other reporting: We use a pseudonymous identifier to keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when.
Measurement and analytics: We use an identifier to measure how well ads perform, such as whether users clicked on the ad or went to a client’s store after their ad campaign was shown.
Reporting: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure, attribute, and report on the performance and success of campaigns. This includes transaction reporting and verification.
Clicks and conversions: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure actions taken by a user with respect to a particular ad, i.e., a click on an ad, or a download of an app.
Attribution: We may use data to match particular ad views to subsequent actions taken by a user. For example, a clothing advertiser might be able to see that someone who saw an ad for gloves subsequently purchased the gloves. This would be done by stitching together the identifiers from the sites where the ad was served and where the online purchase was made.
Cross device graphing: We may use data and algorithms to associate pseudonymous identifiers that might be related to each other. Such a graph might link various identifiers present on a single device, various identifiers associated with an individual who has multiple devices or multiple device/​individuals within the same household.
Detection of malicious or invalid activity: We process information in an attempt to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic. This may include identifying and preventing purveyors of malware or bots that try to take advertising dollars for ads that aren’t shown to real users or that try to harm users’ devices.
TARGETED ADVERTISING
Our Platform helps power ad targeting and delivery across many sites and apps with which users interact every day. Many of the activities described in the section above, such as personalizing ads, ad delivery, and cross-device graphing may involve The Trade Desk and our clients and partners processing data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” or engaging “sales,” or “sharing” of personal data under certain state privacy laws. See Your Rights and Choices below to learn how to express a choice related to these activities, or visit our
opt-out page
.
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
Personalised profiles.
As part of our Platform, we may create and use user profiles associated with pseudonymous identifiers. This means that we look at the information associated with the IDs and with the requests for ads, such as the content in which the ad is shown, the time, the geographic location, and the type of device. Sometimes we use information about whether or how users responded to ads to find other users who would respond to ads. We apply various computational methods on this information to find groupings of IDs that may have certain common interests or characteristics, such as “clothing,” “sports,” “travel,” “male,” “25−54,” and so on. Our Platform also enables data suppliers to bring data to the Platform that our clients can use on the Platform to improve their ad campaigns.
Clients can bring their own data to the Platform for their own personalisation. Their sources and methods for acquiring this data vary and are subject to our clients’ own policies and legal obligations. We contractually prohibit certain types of data from being introduced onto the Platform, such as certain sensitive data. Our contracts prohibit clients and partners from using data on the Platform that is from or about users that they know are children.
Interests for groups.
We also create and use information that allows advertisers to understand what will be of interest to a group. We create a group of IP addresses in the same region of a country. We note what content we think is likely to be of interest to that group (as above, such as “clothing”, “sports” etc.) based on the sites users in those groups have visited. Advertisers may use this information to decide to show an ad to one of the IP addresses for the group. Identifiers for the group do not contain any personal data: the information only shows the types of content likely to be of interest to the group; we don’t create any individual profiles through this interest grouping mechanism. We keep these interests for groups segments for seven days.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
We will disclose your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this policy.
Some of the personal data processed on the Platform belongs to our clients. When this is the case, our clients can take this data, such as records of advertising impressions, off of the Platform. We also may disclose this personal data to other parties on the clients’ behalf and pursuant to their instructions.
We disclose mappings of pseudonymous IDs with clients and partners that use our device graphs.
We disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their value to our value.
Some of our clients and partners receive bid request data through the Platform for advertising purposes.
We may disclose personal data in order to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity, fake traffic, or other activity that may be harmful to us or our clients.
We may disclose personal data to our service providers that store or process the personal data in furtherance of the services we offer on the Platform on our behalf.
We may transfer personal data to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
We may disclose aggregated data that does not include individual-level records to any party or publicly.
We may disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We transfer data to the US under valid transfer mechanisms:
TTD has certified its participation in the EU‑U.S. and Swiss‑U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU‑U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and is committed to adhering to DPF principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the EU in reliance on the EU‑U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU‑U.S. DPF. TTD is committed to adhering to Swiss‑U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss‑U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland under the Swiss‑U.S. DPF. TTD is responsible for ensuring that onward transfers to third parties acting as an agent on its behalf are in accordance with the EU‑U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU‑U.S. DPF and the Swiss‑U.S. DPF, including the onward transfer liability provisions. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://​www​.dat​apri​va​cyframe​work​.gov/
.
If deemed necessary under applicable data protection legislation, the standard contractual clauses for data transfers, as approved by the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and such mechanisms, the terms of the transfer mechanism shall govern.
In compliance with the EU‑U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU‑U.S. DPF and the Swiss‑U.S. DPF, TTD commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU‑U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU‑U.S. DPF and the Swiss‑U.S. DPF submitted to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://​feed​back​-form​.trustarc​.com/​w​a​t​c​h​d​o​g​/​r​e​quest
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding EU‑U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU‑U.S. DPF, and the Swiss‑U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://​www​.dat​apri​va​cyframe​work​.gov/​s​/​a​r​t​i​c​l​e​/​A​N​N​E​X​-​I​-​i​n​t​r​o​d​u​c​t​i​o​n​-​d​p​f​?​t​a​b​s​e​t​-​3​5​584=2
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over TTD’s compliance with the EU‑U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU‑U.S. DPF and the Swiss‑U.S. DPF.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We retain the pseudonymous data that the Platform collects for up to 18 months. After 18 months (often sooner) the data is de-identified or aggregated and stored for up to 3 additional years. For interests for groups, we retain data for 7 days. This retention policy does not apply to client or partner data. We have implemented security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, designed to prevent the unauthorized access to, loss, misuse, or alteration of the information that our Platform collects, but we make no assurances in this policy about our ability to prevent any such event or the possible harm to you or any third party that could arise from it.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Privacy rights.
Depending upon where you live, you may have certain legal rights with respect to personal data The Trade Desk collects and processes. These rights may include the right to request “access,” “deletion,” and “correction” of personal data, and the right to opt out of activities that constitute “sales,” “sharing,” and processing personal data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” as well as use of “sensitive data” for advertising purposes, as such terms are defined under applicable privacy laws. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information that we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under applicable law.
Opting out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
As described in the Targeted Advertising section above, we process data to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including measurement reporting, and building our cross-device graph. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under the law that applies to you. You may express a choice related to these activities including use of sensitive data for such purposes, by visiting
http://​www​.adsrvr​.org
or by enabling Global Privacy Control in your browser. Your devices like CTVs and Mobile Devices may offer choice signaling from the device’s operating system. Where we receive these signals, TTD will opt the user out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
Industry opt-out pages.
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may set a third party cookie indicating your desire to opt out of interest-based advertising from the Trade Desk and other companies that participate in industry self-regulatory programs. The US-based opt out pages are
www​.aboutads​.info/​c​h​oices
and
www​.net​workad​ver​tis​ing​.org/​c​h​oices
. The European based page is
www​.youron​line​choic​es​.com
. In Canada, use
yourad​choic​es​.ca/​c​h​oices.
For mobile apps.
Most mobile devices provide the ability to set the device’s advertising ID to an opt out value through the device settings. To learn how to use the mobile app opt out, consult your device instructions. To find information on Opting out on Mobile Devices please visit
http://​www​.net​workad​ver​tis​ing​.org/​m​o​b​i​l​e​-​c​hoice
. Where TTD receives such an indication, we will treat the request as opted out.
For Internet Connected TVs.
Many connected TVs and related devices offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices. When received the Trade Desk will honor these signals. To find out more, including device specific instructions, please visit
https://​www​.net​workad​ver​tis​ing​.org/​i​n​t​e​r​n​e​t​-​c​o​n​n​e​c​t​e​d​-​t​v​-​c​h​o​ices/
.
Access, Correction, and Deletion.
If you reside in a state, country or region that provides individuals with the rights to access, correct, or delete your personal data, please fill out this
webform
to exercise your rights. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity.
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by following the instructions provided in the denial email. Depending upon where you live, if you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. For further information relevant to California residents, please
click here
.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to explain some information using definitions and categories set out under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
Additional Disclosures.
We collect, and in the preceding 12 months we have collected, the following categories of personal data: identifiers (such as cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, IP address, or hashed email address), Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as information about sites you visit), geolocation data (which may include precise geolocation information), inferences we may make about your interests (such as the personalised profiles described
above
), and data that may reveal demographic information or inferences about gender, race, ethnicity, religion, health, or sex life or sexual orientation. For more information about the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see the Collection of Information and Personalisation and Interests sections above. We collect personal data for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Data
We collect…
Uses
We use personal data to…
Recipients
We may disclose personal data to…
Identifiers
, such IP addresses, unique cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, interest information stored and/​or used on the platform by clients and partners, hashed email addresses and phone numbers
Internet and Electronic Network Information
, such as information about browsers and devices, such as type, version, and settings, information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which device or app) they are shown, and at what time, information about your visits to our clients’ websites or other online services.
Location information
, including based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information.
Inferences
we make based on other information, such as predictions about ad performance
Demographic information
, such inferences or information about your gender, race, religion, health, sex life or sexual orientation (some of which may constitute “sensitive” information under the CCPA).
Provide our Services,
including on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring, and reporting on advertising, including to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery.
To measure and report ad performance
, such as to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery, keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when, measure how well ads perform, such as whether someone who saw an ad later made a purchase, attribute and report on the performance and success of campaigns
Improve our Services
, such as to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness and predict ad performance and to associate devices that might be related to each other, such as devices used by the same person or in the same household.
For safety anti-fraud purposes
, such as to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic.
Our clients
, where we hold or collect personal information on their behalf. We also share information with other parties at the direction of our clients.
Our vendors
, including with our service providers, contractors and consultants that access, store, or process data on our behalf.
Other Parties
, including parties that use our cross-device graph
Protect safety and combat fraud
, including to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity and if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of The Trade Desk, our users, the public, or others
For business reasons
, including in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company and between and among the Trade Desk and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
To legal authorities
, if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
At your direction
.
The Trade Desk does not sell personal data related to individuals it knows to be minors under the age of sixteen (16).
Privacy Rights
. You have the right to opt out of any sharing or sales of your personal information, to limit use of sensitive personal information for advertising purposes, and to request access to and deletion or correction of your personal information. Please see the Your Rights and Choices section above for more information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them. If you exercise your rights, we may require you to provide evidence that the data relates to you (and only to you) and may deny your request if you cannot provide such information. You may also designate an authorized agent to make such requests on your behalf, as permitted under CCPA. If you do so, we will require the agent to provide proof that they are acting on your behalf, and we may ask you to verify your identity and to confirm that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request on your behalf. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. Please note that if you wish to exercise any of your rights with the Trade Desk’s clients or partners, you must make your request directly with those clients and partners.
Annual Data Requests
. You can learn about the consumer data requests we received over the previous calendar year at this
web page
.
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
If you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom or Switzerland, The UK Trade Desk Ltd. is responsible for processing your personal data. Under the definitions of “Controller” and “Processor” in EU law, this processing is in some cases as a Controller of personal data and in some cases as a Processor. The Trade Desk is a Controller, for example, of personalised user interest segments that we create for our Platform, when we have appropriate permissions to do so.
When we collect personal data for personalisation from requests for ads that we receive as described above, under EU law, we will use consent as our legal basis for doing so. When we create identifiers for interests for groups, we use consent or legitimate interest as our legal basis. This depends on how we collect the personal data. We process personal data for other purposes when we have a legitimate interest in doing so and that interest is not outweighed by the rights or freedoms of individual data subjects.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
We may revise this policy at any time, and we will indicate revisions by updating the date at the top of this policy and providing notice through our websites or services.
CONTACT US
To exercise applicable privacy rights, please follow the instructions described in the Your Rights and Choices section above. For general questions regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us either by regular mail or email as follows:
Mail
: The Trade Desk, Global Privacy Office
Attention: Global Data Protection Officer (DPO)
42 N. Chestnut St.
Ventura, CA 93001
Email
: « dpo ((at)) thetradedesk ((dot)) com »
«End of Policy»
Sub-policy 32
https://triplelift.com/privacy/:
TripleLift Privacy Center
Last updated March 16, 2021
If you have a disability which prevents you from electronically accessing this policy and require it to be provided in alternative format (e.g., audio, large print), you can send us a message at our
contact
email listed below
Our Privacy Center is designed to provide you with quick and convenient access to essential information about our privacy practices as well as to tools where you can express your preferences.
TripleLift is committed to transparency, and we want you to understand fully how we may collect, use and share information relating to individuals like you and how to access the privacy choices that are available to you.
TripleLift Privacy Policies
To read our full privacy policies describing:
How we collect, use and share personal information on this website and in our corporate activities, please see our
Website and Corporate Privacy Policy here
How we collect, use and share personal information through our advertising technology, please see our
Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy here
TripleLift Cookie Statements
To read about how TripleLift uses cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information about individuals:
When you use or interact with our website or in our corporate business activities, see our
Cookie Notice here
In the operation of our advertising technology platform, see our
Advertising Technology Platform Cookie Notice here
TripleLift Opt-Out
There are many ways to opt out of the collection and use of data for advertising which our clients may conduct using our technology.
To express your preferences with respect to the information we may collect or receive about your device in our advertising technology, please visit our Opt-Out
here
.
To find out about alternative ways to opt out, see the section entitled
“Your Choices and Rights”
in our Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy.
Contact
Please contact us at the email provided below if you have any additional questions or wish to make a complaint:
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information on this website or in our corporate activities, please email privacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information through our advertising technology, please email platformprivacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
Sub-policy 33
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 34
https://verve.com/product-privacy-policies/:
Skip to content
Legal
Product Privacy Policies
Product Privacy Policy — Verve Group, Inc. and VGI CTV, Inc.
Product Privacy Policy — Verve Group Europe GmbH
Product Privacy Policy — Platform161 B.V.
Date modified:
March 10, 2025
Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy
Verve Group, Inc. and VGI CTV, Inc. (together “Verve”) are committed to protecting consumer privacy and to clearly informing users about the collection and use of information.
This Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Verve processes personal information when providing advertising, measurement, and related services to our clients (“Services”). This Policy also describes your choices over such processing. This Policy does not describe how we process personal information relating to our website. For information on how we process personal information relating to our website please read our
Website Privacy Policy
.
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you or your household or can be reasonably linked directly or indirectly with you or your household. This Policy does not apply to anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate personal information as defined under applicable law.
Collecting Personal Information
We collect Personal Information when you knowingly and voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you provide us feedback or request information from us. This Personal Information will only be processed in connection with your feedback or request.
Verve may identify your device and collect Personal Information using an operating system-supplied ID such as Apple’s Advertising Identifier, Google’s Advertising Identifier, or a randomly assigned unique identifier (“Device Identifier”). The advertisements delivered by Verve may include forms or other prompts that allow you to opt-in to share data.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any child under 13 years of age. If we are informed or become aware that our Services are being used on a site or app directed at children, we will restrict the use of ad-serving information to uses permitted under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
a) Location Data
In order to make advertising messages as relevant as possible, location data associated with Device Identifiers may be used for targeting ads and as input into location-targeting segments based on the characteristics of locations. Location data is also used to count impressions, clicks, and other metrics to model household locations for the purposes of demonstrating the marketing impact of advertiser campaigns. Location data that you provide to an app or website may be provided to Verve for ad-serving or reporting purposes. In addition, supplemental information may also be used such as a device’s speed of movement and positioning, proximity of nearby devices, or similar information available from an operating system.
You can opt-out of the use of data for location-based tracking by using the settings available on your mobile device. Ads will continue to be selected for you based on more general information, such as location that can be inferred from Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other data.
b) Cookies
We collect information automatically when you use our Services through mobile websites or HTML by using log files and alpha-numeric identifiers known as “cookies” that are usually stored with the device’s web browser. This includes your IP address, browser type, browser language, device type and version, the date and time of your request, the amount of data transferred, the source of your request (page referrer), and the nature of the content delivered to you. We generally use cookies to help with customer tracking. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and/or persistent cookies (which stay on your device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience. Persistent cookies can be removed or blocked by following the directions in your internet browser. We also use log files and cookies to improve the quality of Services and pages you have visited.
In addition to the Device Identifiers described above, Verve will collect information about the type of app you are using and details such as IP address, device type, carrier, and operating system. Verve utilizes this information to uniquely identify mobile devices to deliver targeted marketing messages to consumers. We believe that the presentation of relevant marketing messages assists in providing a more meaningful mobile web experience. For example, this technology enables Verve to limit the number of times a specific message is presented to a consumer (frequency capping), to support product category preferential marketing, and to deliver advertising based on your location.
c) Web Beacons
We may permit publishers and advertisers to use a software technology called pixels (a.k.a., web beacons), which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, used to report non-personal individual or aggregate information and help us better manage content on our Services. In addition, we may use pixels in our advertisements to let us know which ads have been viewed or to help tailor advertising.
d) Information from Third Parties
Our business partners may also collect Personal Information from you using a variety of technologies, including cookies, software development kits, and other digital trackers deployed on websites, mobile applications, or other digital services. They may share this information about your devices with us. We may add this to the information we obtain from your use of Services. You may be able to modify or disable the collection or sharing of Personal Information in your device settings.
Using Personal Information — Your Choices
Verve uses Personal Information to provide Services to our business partners. They are used to help tailor which ads are displayed to you as you visit websites or apps using our Services. Information that Verve collects as you visit a website or app will be used to create an ad-serving profile used to determine the ads displayed and to report about the effectiveness of that advertising. Personal Information collected by Verve may be linked with other available data about you from our business partners, including linking the various devices you may use. Where permitted by law, we use the information we collect to improve our products and services.
Your Personal Information may be processed by Verve in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information is less stringent than the laws in your country. To opt-out of the use of Personal Information to tailor the ads you are shown, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device, more information
here
. You will continue to see ads, but they will not be selected based on your activity across unrelated websites or apps. Some of our Services that use cookies offer an opt-out cookie. These opt-out cookies allow you to decline ad targeting on the websites you visit. This option can be exercised
here
.
Sensitive Information
When we create profiles to serve ads based on your activity across different websites or apps, we restrict the use of advertising categories that we deem sensitive based on local law, applicable industry codes, and our own internal standards.
Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed to support our business needs for ad-delivery, reporting, and auditing, but for no longer than two years, after which such data is deleted or minimized by having unique user-level identifiers removed.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Verve may disclose certain Personal Information:
To service providers who help us provide the Services, in which case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these parties comply with confidentiality obligations and contractually require these parties only use the information as needed to provide services to us;
To third parties that you ask or to whom you have authorized us to send Personal Information;
To any subsidiary organizations, joint ventures, or other organizations under our control or who are under common control with us (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy;
If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve disputes or investigate problems (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to lawful requests from law enforcement or other public authorities; or (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties; or
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Verve may disclose Non-Personal Information to business partners, such as analytics companies, and to advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties.
To opt-out of sharing Personal Information by Verve with additional parties, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device.
Verve may disclose information that is anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated for any purpose.
Security
Verve takes reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Verve is committed to continually examining and reviewing its privacy practices and may make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights & Contact Information
Subject to local law, you may have certain rights over your Personal Information. These rights may include, depending on the circumstances, the rights to access your Personal Information, delete Personal Information collected from you, receive additional information regarding the information of yours we hold, stop certain disclosure of your Personal Information, withdraw consent for processing you may have given to us, or opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information. If you would like to exercise your right under local law or if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, you may contact us at:
moc.e
1742439948
vrev@
1742439948
ycavi
1742439948
rp
1742439948
or using the opt-out mechanisms
here
and
here
.
Verve Group, Inc. & VGI CTV Inc.
60 Madison Avenue, 8th floor
New York, NY 10010
United States
California residents should consult the “Additional Information for California Residents” and residents of the EEA and the United Kingdom should consult “Additional Information for European Residents,” below.
Additional Information for California Residents
Personal Data
In the course of providing the Services, Verve processes Personal Information as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). As a business, we do not sell Personal Information that we process when providing the Services. We disclose the following categories of Personal Information to business partners for the purpose of providing our Services:
Categories we collect:
We provide advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”). Through our Services, we may collect information about you (to the extent that Clients pass such information to us), which may include mobile advertising identifiers, session and persistent cookies, IP addresses, apps used or downloaded, websites visited, browser and operating system type, type of device used, information actively provided by users responding to a form in an ad, randomly assigned identifiers, and general location information and system information that our SDK may collect about your device or network provider. This information is retained for a period of 14-30 days.
Categories of Sensitive Information:
We do not collect sensitive information.
Sources:
All the information above is collected from your device when you are using an app to visit a website and is provided to us by the business partner you interact with by using their app or viewing an ad. We also acquire this information from advertising or data exchanges.
Each Category is collected for the following business purposes: delivering ads on publisher sites, reporting on ad delivery, securing, protecting, auditing, bug and fraud detection, debugging and repair of errors, the detection, protection, and prosecution of security incidents or illegal activity; enforcing our terms and policies; complying with law.
Each Category is also collected for uses that advance our commercial interests including creating profiles to target ads on behalf of advertisers, using data collected from publishers and from other third parties.
Sale/Sharing Information
Verve may disclose the categories of information described above to business partners, such as analytics companies and may share the information with advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties.
Opt-Out signals
If a Verve publisher or advertiser partner has transmitted to Verve a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” signal, an “Opt-Out of the Use of My Personal Information for Interest-Based Advertising” signal, or a “Limit Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” signal, we will limit our use of Personal Information from that partner and we will act only as a service provider as defined in the CCPA. You may also exercise your opt-out rights as described below.
Access, Deletion and Opt-Out Rights
Subject to certain exceptions and restrictions, the CCPA provides you as a California Resident the right to submit requests to Verve: (i) to provide you with access to the specific pieces and categories of Personal Information collected by Verve about you, the categories of sources for such Personal Information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting such Personal Information, and the categories of third parties with which such information was shared; and (ii) to delete such Personal Information.
Please email us at
moc.e
1742439948
vrev@
1742439948
ycavi
1742439948
rp
1742439948
for instructions on how you can exercise your California access, deletion and Opt-Out rights. You may also submit a request
here
. We will need to verify your identity and that the information you requested relates to you before completing your rights request. We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore, we will need your Advertiser Identifier to process your request. If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to process your request.
You may designate an authorized agent to make California Requests on your behalf.
We do not discriminate against you.
You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Verve does not discriminate against California Residents for exercising their rights.
We do not sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
Additional Information for European Residents
If you are situated in the European Union, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom, the following provisions will apply in addition to the Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy to any Personal Information.
Data Controller
For purposes of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), Verve is the data controller of the Personal Information.
Legal Basis for Processing
We will process your Personal Information (a) for the purpose of legitimate interests pursued by us in accordance with Art 6 para. 1 lit. (f) GDPR; or (b) because you have consented to the processing in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit (a) GDPR.
We will only process Personal Information based on our legitimate interests for storing and accessing Personal Information necessary to provide the Services; selecting, delivering and reporting on the effectiveness of advertisements; measuring the performance of advertisements and campaigns and investigating and preventing fraud.
Transferring your Information outside Europe
We transfer Personal Information from the European Union, the EEA and the United Kingdom, to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protection of the Personal Information.
If we transfer your personal information to a third-party service provider outside the European Union, the EEA or the United Kingdom we are responsible for such transfer and we will impose obligations on the recipients of that Personal Information to protect your data to the standard required in the GDPR.
Rights under the GDPR
You have the following rights: (a) you have the right to obtain information about the data processed about you (Art. 15 GDPR); (b) if inaccurate personal data is processed, you have a right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR); (c) if the legal requirements are met, you may request the erasion or restriction of processing as well as object to processing (Art. 17, 18, 21 GDPR); (d) if you have consented to the data processing or a contract for data processing exists and the data processing is carried out with the help of automated procedures, you may have a right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR).
We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore, we will need your Advertiser Identifier to fulfill your rights. If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to ensure your rights. To exercise your rights, for questions or further information please contact us at
moc.e
1742439948
vrev@
1742439948
ycavi
1742439948
rp
1742439948
.
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg, Germany
TCF Compliance
VGI CTV is participating in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with the Policies and Specifications of the Transparency & Consent Framework. The assigned vendor ID of VGI CTV is 237.
Related: Website Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 35
https://vrtcal.com/docs/PrivacyPolicy-Advertising.pdf:

Sub-policy 36
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 37
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/xandr/platform-privacy-policy:
This is the Trace Id: d2766bdb36d2afec970f84613a606ee6
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 38
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/:
Close
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Guest Author
2025-02-24T14:29:53-05:00
Updated October 2024
1. Introduction
This privacy policy (
“Privacy Policy”
) explains the data protection practices of Publisher First, Inc. dba Freestar (collectively, “
Freestar
“, “we” and “us”) when you visit or use freestar.com, any of the Freestar Publisher Websites, mobile-optimized version of such websites, and digital applications that integrate certain Freestar technology or onto which Freestar serves advertisements (collectively, “
Publisher Websites
”). For the purposes of data protection laws, Freestar is a data controller.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Publisher Websites and all services and features therein. By using the Publisher Websites, you acknowledge you have read and understand this Privacy Policy.
Introduction
Applicability
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Legal Grounds for Processing Your Information
Third Party Advertising Partners
Your Choices About Ads and Analytics
Data Subject Rights & Your Choices
Retention of Your Information
Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies
Third Party Sites
Security
Transfer Information to the United States
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Disputes
Contact Us
California Residents Privacy Notice
2. Applicability
(a)
This Privacy Policy applies to Freestar’s and its third party ad service vendors’ and advertisers’ (collectively, “
Freestar Entities
”) delivery of advertisements on the Publisher Websites, and applies whenever and however you access or use the Publisher Websites, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or other devices (each a “
Device
”). “Publisher Websites” includes all subdomains of Publisher Websites.
(b)
The Publisher Websites are also subject to additional or different privacy policies, which are posted on the Publisher Website. Please visit each Publisher Website for additional privacy policies and terms and conditions related to your privacy.  Freestar is not the data controller
3. Information We Collect
(a) Information Automatically Collected As You Access and Use the Publisher Websites.
To provide you with advertisements that are more customized to your interests, the Freestar Entities may use a variety of technologies (including cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts) (“
Cookies
”) that automatically or passively collect information when you visit or interact with the Publisher Websites and the advertisements we serve on the Publisher Websites.
We, and our partners or vendors, may collect this information the first time you interact with a Publisher Website that uses our ad services, and we may combine and associate this information with information we (or our partners) may collect about your interactions with other ads we serve.
The information we collect includes:
Browser and Device information such as the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software; device type and model, manufacturer, operating system type and version, inferred from IP address, and identifiers assigned to a device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), Android/Google Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (typically an alphanumeric string allocated to a device by the device manufacturer, identifiers stored in a our cookie, ETag, or browser or web cache). Your IP address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your library. We use your IP address and other identifiers for a variety of purposes, including to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and other purposes as allowed or required by law.
Information about your interactions on the Publisher Websites such as information about the activities or actions on those Publisher Websites, the content viewed on the Publisher Websites, the URL that referred you to the Publisher Websites and all of the areas within the Publisher Websites that you visit, the web sites you visit after the Publisher Website;
Freestar ad information, such as the content of the ad (what the ad is about, e.g. entertainment, news); the ad type (e.g. text, image, or video); where the ad is served (e.g. the website on which the ad appears); whether you clicked on the ad, the number of times you have seen the ad, and information about your interaction with the ad.
We may combine information gathered from your use of the Publisher Websites with information from third party sources to identify your location by state and region.
For more information, see “Cookies” below.
Geolocation Information
.
With your informed consent, Freestar may collect and use your geolocation to provide you with information about goods and services within your geographic location or implement other functionality such as to serve targeted advertising. By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your geolocation information as described.
(b) Information We Collect From Third Parties.
We may acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you provided or we collected automatically, such as information to validate or update your demographic information and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes. We may also acquire information from other sources about your visits over time and across other third party websites, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the Publisher Website(s). Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy.
4. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes. For example, we use the information we collect for:
(a) Serving and Customizing Advertising
: We use the information in connection with serving advertising on the Publisher Websites, including to provide ads that are targeted to your inferred interests based on your activities across Publisher Websites. This may include creating interest-based advertising segments or audiences, as well as to supplement the information we collect with additional information we receive from third parties to allow us to tailor the ads we display.
(b) Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping
: To create and provide information regarding ad activity, including whether ads are clicked on, tracking views of ads, as well as click-through rates, to prevent you from seeing the same ad too many times, and to measure and improve our ad serving services.
(c) Fraud Detection and Prevention and Security
: To identify invalid ad impressions, clicks, installs, or ad queries, protect us and our Publisher Websites from fraud, and protect our services.
(d) Service Support and Improvement
: To improve our ad services, to improve navigation and display, and to ensure that our services function properly.
(e) Marketing
: Subject to applicable law, we may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise, including from third parties, for marketing purposes. Unless we expressly notify you otherwise at the time of collection, we also may disclose information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement (e.g. other marketers, retailers, and participatory databases) that want to market products or services to you. This includes licensing information about your interests and activities and marketing segments created with such data to third parties for their marketing purposes.
(f) Anonymous Information
: To create aggregated, anonymized information about you and other users of the Publisher Websites by excluding information (such as your name) that relate to an identifiable individual (“Anonymous Information”). We may use this Anonymous Information for any purpose permitted under the law and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.
(g) Cross-Device Tracking
: We may use cookies in combination with the information we collect — for instance, IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers — to locate or try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones or tablets), or work with service providers that do this, in order to save your preferences across devices and analyze usage of the Publisher Websites.
5. How We Share Your Information
In addition to the other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, Freestar may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose information collected from and about you on the Publisher Websites to other companies or individuals as set forth below. We may provide access to information to vendors that are performing services on our behalf, in order to carry out such services (the “
Service Provider Use
”).
(a) Administrative and Legal Reasons
: Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we may at all times and in any manner access, use, preserve, transfer and disclose your information, including disclosure to third parties: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process, or in connection with a legal investigation, if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by law; (iii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of the Freestar Entities, their products or services; and/or (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. Further, we may use identifiers and other information to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with third parties such as copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers and/or law enforcement agencies, including disclosing such information to third parties, all in our discretion (the “
Legal Use
”). Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
(b) Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
: In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a portion of the business conducted by Freestar, in which case the company will possess the information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy (the “
Acquisition Use
”).
6. Legal Grounds for Using (Processing) Your Information
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the information described above will depend on the information concerned and the context in which we collect it.
We collect information from you:
where we need it to perform our contract with you;
where the processing is in our legitimate interests, provided that these aren’t overridden by your interests or rights (such as personalizing our services and marketing for example); or
if we otherwise have your consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us” section below.
7. Third Party Advertising Partners
In addition to ads that we serve you directly, Freestar may use third party advertising companies and to serve ads when you visit the Publisher Websites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media. We also use analytics services supported by third party companies to perform analytics and track trends. Those third party companies may use tracking technologies to collect and store usage information about you and may combine this information with information they collect from other sources.
To provide ads on the Publisher Websites, we use a variety of third party advertising service providers, including networks, data exchanges, ad servers, analytics providers and others. The list of third party providers is found in the Section below entitled “Third Party Cookies.” This list may be updated from time to time. These third parties may use technology to send, directly to your Device, the advertisements and links that appear on the Publisher Websites. They may automatically receive your IP address, web browser, operating system, and time and location information, geodevice type and device ID when this happens. Freestar, the third party service providers, as well as the advertisers themselves, may collect and use information about your visits over time and across the Publisher Websites and other third party web sites, as well as information received from other sources, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you on the Publisher Websites. Third parties may also use information gathered from your usage of the Publisher Websites to serve targeted advertisements to you on third party websites and applications. Google is one of the companies that we use to serve advertising and perform analytics on some of the Websites. We and third party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to help implement the above uses of your information.
We use Google Analytics along with audience data (such as age, gender and interests of users) to help understand users’ visits to the Publisher Websites and to optimize the content that we serve to users.
LiveRamp’s Authenticated Traffic Solution (ATS) provides people-based advertising. ATS enhances addressability for publishers while providing visibility and control for individuals. ATS allows publishers to match user data with a LiveRamp RampID in real-time, enabling people-based advertising on authenticated inventory across the internet.
When you use our website and enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
For ATS in Spanish-speaking countries:
When you enter your email address on our website (whether to log in, subscribe to a newsletter, or similar) or when you use our application, we may share the personal or other information we collect, such as your email (pseudonymized in hashed form), mobile advertising identifier, the IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp and its group companies acting as joint controller (applicable to GDPR countries). LiveRamp’s privacy policy and options to object to this activity are available
here
. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code to recognize you on your devices. This code does not contain personal data that identifies you and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you. We include this code in our cookie or use a LiveRamp cookie to be used for online and multi-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third-party advertising companies globally in order to enable interest-based content or targeted advertising across your entire online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices and apps, etc.) They may, in turn, use this code to link to demographic or interest-based information that you have provided in your interactions with them. You have the right to decide whether to authorize our use of LiveRamp cookies and our sharing of this data with LiveRamp for the aforementioned purposes.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in
LiveRamp’s privacy policy
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time using this
link
.
8. Your Choices about Ads and Analytics
To learn more about how to manage your preferences regarding our cookie-based advertising, please see the “Cookie Management” section in our Cookie Notice.
Please note that you may still receive advertisements from third parties within the Publisher Websites even if you opt out of tailored advertising but they will not be based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.
Do Not Track.
Freestar does not act on “do not track” requests from your browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experiences on the Publisher Websites. For more information, go to
http://www.networkadvertising.org
or
http://www.aboutads.info
.
9. Data Subject Rights & Your Choices
Subject to certain local laws, you have certain rights with respect to your information as further described in this section.
(a) International Users
: If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below at any time. Your local laws may permit you to request that we:
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we have about you;
prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes;
update information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete certain information which we have about you;
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;
transfer your information to a third party provider of services; and/or
revoke your consent for the processing of your information.
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
(b) Privacy Information for California residents.
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding your rights with respect to your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)). We describe the categories of personal information we collect, the sources and uses of such information and the entities to which we share such information in our California Privacy Notice, below.
California Data Access & Deletion Rights.
If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:
Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.
Verification
. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name and email address.
Authorized Agent.
You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
Further Information.
If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at privacy@freestar.com .
Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information.
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.
Under the CCPA, sale is broadly defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.
Depending on what Services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:
For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.
For sharing with third parties to send you relevant offers and promotions and opportunities: contact and registration information; demographic and statistical information, employment and education data, user-generated content, and geolocation.
If you would like to opt out of Freestar’s use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, you may submit a sale opt-out request by emailing us at privacy@freestar.com. You can also submit a sale opt-out request by emailing us at privacy@freestar.com . Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.
Non-Discrimination.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.
California “Shine the Light” Disclosure
We do not disclose personal information as identified under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
10. Retention of Your Information
We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
11. Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies
We use and allow certain other companies to use certain tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies (collectively, “
Cookies
”) on the Publisher Websites. This section (“
Cookie Notice
”) explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are text files that contain a certain amount of information and are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They are useful because they allow websites to recognize a user’s device. They are then returned to the original website on each subsequent visit or to any other website that recognizes them. For more information on cookies, go to
WWW.ALLABOUTCOOKIES.ORG
.
The term “
Cookie
” is used in this Notice in the broad sense to include all similar techniques and technology, including web beacons and log files. For more information on these additional tools, see our glossary below.
Types of Information We Collect
Cookies help us to understand Publisher Website usage and to improve the advertising content and offerings on the Publisher Websites. Examples of the types of information that we collect through Cookies include:
The number of users visiting Publisher Websites, the number of times a Publisher Website was viewed, the pages or ads viewed, the clicks made on the Publisher Websites or ads and the total duration of navigation on the Publisher Websites;
The name of the page that referred you to the Publisher Websites;
Whether this is your first time visiting the Publisher Websites;
Your viewing preferences (e.g. layout, sizing preferences, language etc.); and
Your the type of browser used and your IP address, so that we can identify you during your next visits.
How We Use Cookies
Examples of ways that we use Cookies include:
To control the display of ads;
To track usage patterns on the Publisher Websites; and
To personalize information.
Freestar (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about Website users on an anonymous basis (“
Anonymous Information
”). We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose.
Types of Cookies We Use on Our Publisher Websites
We use Cookies for several reasons. Some Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users and to enhance the experience on our Publisher Websites. Third parties also serve Cookies through the Publisher Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. The specific types of Cookies served through our Publisher Websites and the functions they perform are described in more detail below.
Functional Cookies
: These cookies allow us to remember choices you make on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are in). To refuse these Cookies, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management. Note that by disabling functional cookies, you may not be able to use some of our features or those features may not function properly.
Embedded Scripts.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Publisher Websites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or other device, is active only while you are connected to the Publisher Websites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Cross-Device Cookies
: Freestar may use cookies in combination with the information we collect — for instance, IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers — to locate or try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones or tablets), or work with service providers that do this, in order to save your preferences across devices and analyze usage of the Publisher Websites. To refuse these Cookies, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here.
We and our third party partners (including advertisers) may set and access Cookies on your computer as well. We do not have control over how third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom, and this Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information. These types of cookies include:
Advertising Cookies
: These Cookies, defined exclusively by third parties, collect several types of data about your browsing habits, as well as your preferences for products and services. This information allows Freestar to serve you relevant advertisements on our Publisher Websites. To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management. Some advertisements may also contain an icon that you may click on to find out more about how to manage your advertising preferences.
List of Third Party Partners & Vendors
As of the Effective Date above, the third party partners may include the following. These vendors and this list may be updated from time to time:
IDENTITY
AD SERVING
SEARCH
33across
AdaptMX
Yahoo Inc.
Airgrid
Adform
Yahoo EMEA Limited
Audigent
Adobe
Google Ad Sense
Criteo
Amazon
Google
AppLovin
TECHNOLOGY
ID5
AppNexus/Microsoft Monetize
Cloudflare
Intent IQ
Basis
Google Cloud Platform
LinkedIn
Bidswitch
LiveIntent
Bidtellect
Liveramp
Blockthrough
Magnite
Cadent
Neustar
Concert
Symitri
Connatix
The Trade Desk
Criteo
Yahoo
Decide
Dianomi
Digital Turbine
Ex.co
Facebook
Fluct
Google AdMob
Google AdX
GumGum
HyprMx
Index Exchange
Infolinks
InMobi
Insticator
Kargo
Liftoff
LiveIntent
Media.net
MediaGrid
MinuteMedia
Nativo
Ogury
OneTag
OpenX
Opera
Outbrain
Pangle
Primis
Pubmatic
PubNative/Verve
PulsePoint
Quantcast
RevContent
Rise
Rubicon/Magnite
Seedtag
Sharethrough
Smaato
Sonobi
SpringServe
STN
Teads
TheTradeDesk
TripleLift
Undertone
Unity Ads
Unruly/Nexxen
Vidazoo
Wunderkind
Yahoo
Yieldmo
Web Beacons
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags“) or similar technologies may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Publisher Websites, to monitor how users navigate the Publisher Websites, or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your Personally Identifiable Information. To refuse Web Beacons, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management.
HTML
HTML, the language some websites are coded in, may be used to store information on your computer or device about your interaction with and use of the Publisher Websites. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Websites, such as by giving us information about how our Publisher Websites are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.
Duration of storage of cookies on your device
We use both “session cookies” (which expire once you close your web browser) and “persistent cookies” (which stay on your computer until you delete them).
Cookie Management
Analytics
To learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the Web, please visit:
HTTPS://SUPPORT.GOOGLE.COM/ANALYTICS/ANSWER/181881?HL=EN
.
Disabling Advertising Cookies
To opt-out of Freestar advertising cookies, please select your privacy preferences utilizing the consent management platform on the applicable Publisher Website.
Some of our advertising service providers may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads in this manner, you will continue to receive advertising messages after you opt-out, but they will not be customized to you based on your use of the Publisher Websites. If you would like more information about advertisers’ use of tracking technologies and about your option not to accept these cookies, you can go to
http://www.networkadvertising.org
. If you would like to learn more about how interest-based information is collected, whether the companies we use are part of an industry network regarding behavioural advertising and to know your choices about not having information used in this manner, you can go to
http://www.aboutads.info
. The collection of information via certain ads served to users in Canada may be managed by visiting youradchoices.ca.
Please note that the-opt out is cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser on which the opt-out is applied.
When necessary pursuant to applicable law, we will use signals from an IAB-compliant consent management platform running on the Publisher Websites for enabling or disabling advertising cookies.
Using Browser Settings
You can disable and/or delete most types of cookies by using your browser settings. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others’ Publisher Websites. The following links provide information on how to modify the cookies settings on some popular browsers:
Apple Safari
Google Chrome
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Do Not Track Signals
Freestar does not act on “do not track” requests from your browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experiences on our Publisher Websites.
For more information, go to:
http://www.networkadvertising.org
or
http://www.aboutads.info
.
If you have questions about the use of Cookies on our Publisher Websites, please contact us as described in Contact Us below.
IAB TCF Framework
Freestar participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Freestar’s identification number within the framework is 850.
12. Third Party Sites
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties websites that you may access from the Publisher Website. You understand that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such websites.
13. Security
We implement appropriate administrative, technical and security safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of the information we collect. However, no systems can be completely secure. Therefore, while Freestar uses reasonable efforts to protect your information, Freestar cannot guarantee its absolute security, and your use of the Publisher Websites indicates your agreement to assume this risk.
14. Transfer Information to the United States
If you are located outside of the United States of America (“USA”), please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the USA, where laws regarding processing of personal data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
15. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
16. Disputes
PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.
Except for either party’s claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret, any and all disputes between you and Freestar arising under or related in any way to this Privacy Policy, must be resolved through binding arbitration as described in this section. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be interpreted broadly. It includes, but is not limited to, all claims and disputes relating to your use of any of the Publisher Websites. YOU AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND FREESTAR ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. YOU AND FREESTAR AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. ANY ARBITRATION WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED. The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS in accordance with its then-current Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (“JAMS Rules”) and will be held in New York, New York. The arbitration will be conducted by one neutral arbitrator chosen by the parties. If the parties cannot agree upon an arbitrator, they shall submit to the procedure used by JAMS to choose an arbitrator. The current rules may be found on the Internet at:
HTTP://WWW.JAMSADR.COM/RULES-STREAMLINED-ARBITRATION/
. This arbitration agreement is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate commerce, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§116. The arbitrator shall apply New York law, as described in Section 24 (Applicable Laws), consistent with the FAA and applicable statutes of limitations, and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the JAMS Rules to the contrary, the arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive damages against you or Freestar. The arbitrator’s ruling is binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. In the event this agreement to arbitrate is held unenforceable by a court, then the disputes that would otherwise have been arbitrated shall be exclusively brought in the state or federal courts located in the City and County of New York, New York. Claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret shall be exclusively brought in the state and federal courts located in the City and County of New York, New York.
17. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Privacy Officer at the address set forth below.
Data Privacy Officer
Publisher First, Inc. dba Freestar
20715 N. Pima Rd., Suite 108
Scottsdale, AZ 85255
Or
legal@freestar.com
18. California Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice for California residents supplements the Freestar Privacy Policy. This Notice applies to website visitors, app users, and customers in California. This supplemental privacy notice gives California residents additional information about our information collection and use practices required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA also provides California residents with specific privacy rights, which are outlined in our Privacy Policy here.
This notice provides information about the categories of personal information that we collect from California residents generally, the purposes for which we use the information, the sources of the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes. More detailed information is available in our Privacy Policy at How We Use Personal Information and How We Share Personal Information.
Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device:
Device information and identifiers such as IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiers.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Internet network and device activity data such as information about your interactions on our Publisher Websites such as information about the activities or actions on those Publisher Websites, the content viewed on the Publisher Websites, the URL that referred you to the Publisher Websites and all of the areas within the Publisher Websites that you visit, and the web sites you visit after the Publisher Websites. See “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” below for more information about how we collect and use this information.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information:
You (through your device)
Cookies and tracking technologies
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Advertising information such as the content of the ad, the ad type, where the ad is served, whether you clicked on the ad, and the number of times you have seen the ad.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information
You (through your device)
Cookies and tracking technologies
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Geolocation information such as city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation; and precise geolocation information from GPS-based functionality on your devices, with your permission in accordance with your device settings.
Purposes of use:
Serving and Customizing Advertising
Auditing Consumer Interactions (e.g., Ad Reporting, Conversions, Analytics, and Frequency Capping)
Service Support and Improvement
Our Marketing and Third-Party Marketing Purposes
Bug detection and error reporting
Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance
Sources of personal information
You (through your device)
Cookies and tracking technologies
Consumer data resellers
Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information:
Service Providers
Our Affiliates Advertisers, Ad Servers, and Advertising Partners
Entities for Legal Purposes
Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets
Page load link
Go to Top
Sub-policy 39
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/:
LiveRamp and its  partners use technologies like cookies and other trackers to collect your personal data such as a cookie ID and browsing information. We use your personal data for:
Analytics - Collection and analysis of personal data to study the behavior of website visitors and measurement of advertising performance.
Targeted Advertising - Creation and display of advertisements based on the collection and analysis of personal data, as well as contacting you with information related to products/services you have used or purchased.
Essential services - Collection of personal data to enable functionality that is essential to providing our services, including security activities, debugging, authentication, and fraud prevention.
You can authorize or deny all or part of this data processing which is based on your consent, with the exception of cookies and other trackers that are necessary for the operation of this website (essential services), by clicking on the buttons “Accept All”, “Reject All” or “Configure Settings”.
You can update your choices at any time by clicking on “Privacy Settings” in the footer of this website.
To find out more about LiveRamp and our data processing, consult our
Website & Marketing Privacy Policy
.
Accept All
Reject All
Configure Settings
I. What is the purpose of this policy?
Summary:
On this page you will find information about how LiveRamp processes personal data when providing its services.
For any information relating to the use of your personal data during your visit to our website, you can consult the
dedicated privacy policy
.
For information concerning LiveRamp’s use of cookies and pixels, click
here
The LiveRamp group provides its customers with tools to optimise their online marketing activities. As part of these activities, personal data that can directly or indirectly identify.B individuals are collected and processed.
In the United Kingdom, the LiveRamp group carries out its activities under the responsibility of LiveRamp UK Limited, a company with its registered address at 8 Kean Street, First Floor, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 4AS (“
LiveRamp
” or “
we
“). As explained in this policy, depending on the circumstances, we may act as either a controller of personal data or as a processor acting on behalf of our customers.
This policy provides information about how your personal data is processed when we provide our services. This information is provided as part of a transparency process, to help you understand our processing activities, which are usually carried out in collaboration with our customers and other partners from which we collect personal data. To this end, to supplement the information provided in this policy, please consult the privacy policies of the partners concerned.
Specific legal terminology used in this policy, such as “personal data”, “controller” and “processor”, shall have the same meaning as set out in the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK
GDPR
“).
Who are our “partners” mentioned in this policy?
In providing our services we interact with, and in some cases share and receive data from, various partners who are organisations involved in the delivery of online advertising. We use different terminology depending on the type of partner, as explained below:
“Match Partners” – these are publishers of websites and mobile applications who use LiveRamp’s services to collect personal data from visitors to those sites and applications.
“Offline Partners” – these are commercial data providers from whom LiveRamp obtains personal data used to build its offline data repositories. These data repositories enable LiveRamp to link personal data for the purpose of providing our services to our customers.
“Sync Partners” – these are other advertising technology platforms with whom LiveRamp will synchronise user identifiers. These enable our customers to more effectively target online advertising.
Who are our “customers” mentioned in this policy?
Our customers are advertisers operating in sectors such as retail, automotive, telecommunications and insurance. LiveRamp provides various services to our customers to enable them to undertake more effective online advertising.
II. In which cases does LiveRamp process your personal data?
Summary:
LiveRamp processes your personal data in various data repositories. The data held in these repositories is sourced from commercial data providers with whom you have interacted, publicly available sources and from website and mobile application providers which embed LiveRamp technologies.
LiveRamp uses the data held in its data repositories to establish links between the data provided to us by our customers and data concerning the users of other websites and applications. By making these links LiveRamp enables its customers to more effectively target advertising to the users it is trying to reach across different advertising technology platforms. LiveRamp is a controller of the data held in its data repositories, which it uses to facilitate its linking process. This data is not shared with our customers. However, certain online identifiers which are created as a result of the linking process are shared with customers and advertising platforms to facilitate online advertising.
Separately, LiveRamp’s advertiser customers provide us with their own datasets (for example, lists of their existing customers). LiveRamp is a processor of the data provided to it by its customers, which is then linked by LiveRamp. This means we process such data on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
To provide its services, LiveRamp, as the data controller, builds offline and online data repositories of your personal data. The “offline” repository, a database of directly identifying data, and the “online” repository, a database which does not contain directly identifying data (e.g. names) but which includes online user identifiers, are used to enable LiveRamp to provide its services to customers.
The purpose of this processing is to enable LiveRamp to link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation technologies, to enable our customers to pursue their own objectives and purposes with regards to measurement, analysis, online and TV targeted advertising.
* Recognition, to link an individual’s personal data collected from potentially various sources or in different formats or structures.
* Pseudonymisation, to ensure maximum confidentiality and security while processing personal data.
* Synchronisation, to link different advertising environments.
You have various rights in relation to our processing of your personal data (e.g. to obtain copies of it and to object to our processing). These rights are not absolute. Further information is provided below. LiveRamp processes your personal data for the purpose of processing your request to
exercise your rights
.
A. LiveRamp processes personal data as a controller to provide solutions based on recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation (our purposes)
What is the context?
Our business is primarily to develop and provide solutions to advertising customers to enable them to improve their marketing activities. To deliver targeted advertising to selected consumers, our customers want to be able to find their own customers and users in different advertising environments.
To enable our customers to find their clients in different advertising environments, LiveRamp’s solutions are based on “
recognition
“, “
pseudonymisation
” and “
synchronisation
” technologies that link various data (collected “online” or “offline”) and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, and use this to enable our customers to analyse, measure and target across different data management and advertising environments.
What processing does LiveRamp perform as controller?
To perform this data link and synchronisation, we have developed data repositories, of which we are the controller. Most of the data contained in our repositories is collected indirectly from our partners via online collection forms or when subscribing to their services. We also use public and free-to-use data registers.
No data from the LiveRamp data repositories is ever shared with our customers. Instead, LiveRamp uses the data repositories to link our customers’ own data about its users so as to enable them to more effectively carry out advertising activities.
More details on the categories of data processed.
We follow a specific process in relation to our data repositories consisting of translating directly identifying information, for example surnames, first names, email and postal addresses, into pseudonymous identifiers. To pseudonymise data, we apply technical and organisational processes aimed at removing any element that directly identifies a person. Pseudonymous data remains personal data protected by personal data protection regulations, but it provides a better level of confidentiality.
When does synchronisation take place?
It is only after this pseudonymisation process that we synchronise the pseudonymous identifiers with those of the various advertising environments that operate the campaigns of our common customers. We then share this single list of pseudonymous and synchronised identifiers, and no other information, with advertising platforms to enable them to carry out online advertising campaigns for selected consumers.
B. LiveRamp, as a processor, processes personal data on behalf of its customers who perform advertising analytics and targeting, monetize their data and manage cookie consents on their websites
What processing does LiveRamp carry out as a processor?
In addition to the data held in our data repositories (for which we are a controller as described above), our customers will also provide us with their own datasets over which we will run linking processes to better enable them to analyse, measure and target
those individuals. We process such customer data as a processor acting on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
On receipt of our customers personal data sets we firstly pseudonymise the data by removing directly identifying information and replacing it with alternative identifiers. Once our customers’ personal data is pseudonymised, it is made available in their advertising environments for their own purposes.
What are the purposes pursued by LiveRamp’s customers as data controllers?
Our customers may have a range of purposes for which they use the personal data processed in connection with our services, and you should review our customers’ privacy policies for full information. Generally, the purposes pursued by our customers, for which we act as a processor, may be broadly categorised as follows:
– To customise the online advertising displayed to you by their advertising partners.
For example, if you have visited a clothing website and viewed the “sportswear” pages, you may then see advertisements for sportswear on other websites. This is because a cookie was placed on your device, subject to your consent, and associated you with our customer’s list of consumers interested in sportswear, which is then used by our customer through our services.
– To measure and analyse the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
For example, a sportswear company wants to better understand whether advertisements for a new sportswear line have contributed to increased sales. Our services can be used by this company to measure this impact.
– To optimise their marketing operations by identifying the most relevant channels for sending you advertising (websites, mobile applications, emails or SMS), while limiting the amount of advertising received.
For example, they may send you an email reminding you of the promotions available on the website of the brand of which you are a customer or avoid sending you the same advertisement several times on your various devices (computers, tablets or phones), to limit the amount of advertising you receive.
– To model audience segments to which our customers can promote their products and services.
For example, a brand is launching its new clothing range. It may use our services to analyse and enhance its knowledge of the socio-demographic or behavioural characteristics of its existing customers. It will be able to select other consumers with the same characteristics in order to send them advertisements and find new customers.
–
To monetise their audience segments for ad targeting or for campaign performance measurement purposes.
Some of our customers may make available their audience segments based on demographic and behavioural data for ad targeting purposes. They can thus send us data such as contact data (e.g. an email address) and/or digital identifiers (e.g. a cookie identifier) associated with marketing segments. Our role is to pseudonymise them (i.e. remove all directly identifying information) and make them available within the “LiveRamp Marketplace”, a platform through which the datasets can be accessed and used by our customers’ advertising environments in a selective, secure and pseudonymous manner.
Other customers may market performance analysis of advertising campaigns and appoint us to carry out this analysis. To do this, they send us their transactional data (e.g. purchases made from a brand) or their online or television advertising exposure data, in order to carry out this analysis on behalf of advertisers. Our role is to compare the populations exposed to an advertising campaign with those who bought the product related to this campaign, in order to produce a report presenting the conclusions relating to performance on an aggregate basis.
C. As a data processor, LiveRamp processes your personal data when publishers use LiveRamp’s ATS
We are processor on behalf of our ATS publishers: this means that they determine how and why your data is used. In this case, you are informed by our ATS publishers with whom you are in direct contact when such processing is initiated. Our ATS publishers only share pseudonymous data with us (your e-mail address in hashed form), which does not allow you to be directly identified and which we delete immediately after creating a corresponding technical and pseudonymous identifier. Such processing is carried out to enable our ATS publishers to customise the content and advertisements offered to you according to your interests, throughout your online experience (web, emails, mobile apps, connected objects, etc.).
III. When LiveRamp is the data controller, what personal data are processed, on what legal basis and for how long are the data retained?
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
Category of data
(details)
Legal basis
(details)
Retention period
(details)
Purpose of processing
Personal data
Legitimate interest
2 years from our last interaction with the data concerned
Link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition
Cookie and pixel data
Consent
Cookies: 12 months
Mobile IDs: 240 days
Associated data: 12 months
Data you provide to us in connection with the exercise of your rights
Compliance with a legal obligation
Period needed to manage and comply with your request.
Your data  will be retained for an additional period of time necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations and the exercise of our legal rights
Processing your request to exercise your rights
LiveRamp does not collect any “special categories of personal data” (i.e., information about your race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, sex life, political opinions, health, trade union membership, or genetic/biometric data), or any personal data about children under the age of 13.
A. Categories of personal data processed by LiveRamp
Directly identifying personal data
Directly identifying personal data
: We collect the following directly identifying data: surnames, first names, dates of birth, postal addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers. This data is collected through our trusted partners (“Offline Partners”) who obtain information declared voluntarily by individuals through questionnaires when purchasing goods or subscribing to a service, for example. Furthermore, like many companies, we use information obtained from public sources such as the
Electoral Roll
.
Data that you send us in connection with the exercise of your rights:
In the context of exercising your rights (right to object or access your personal data, for example), we may ask you for certain personal data such as your surname, first name, postal address, email address as well as, for the sole right of access, a proof of your identity. We will only use this proof of identity to process your access request and it will be deleted once we have established your identity. If you choose not to provide us with this data, we may not be able to respond to your request to exercise your rights.
Indirectly identifying personal data
Cookies, pixels and associated data:
when you use certain websites and mobile applications of our Match Partners, or when opening an email sent by a Match Partner you have authorised, we read and store cookies and pixels and collect data such as identifiers linked to your devices (cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, etc.), as well as hashed email addresses and associated data (IP address, user agent, timestamp, URL or app name, etc.). The hashed email address collected is immediately pseudonymised using our technical processes and we do not retain any directly identifying data in the context of our cookies and pixels. This data is used as part of our recognition and synchronisation solutions to link the various data and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, which our customers can target in different advertising environments to send you advertisements tailored to your consumer profile.
These consumer profiles are not defined on the basis of your browsing, which we do not track, but on information that has been collected elsewhere by our customers in compliance with the regulations relating to the protection of personal data and the use of cookies. Those consumer profiles are not used in any automated decision making.
When you log into our Match Partners’ websites or mobile applications, or open an email sent by one of them, information relating to cookies and pixels must appear and must also allow you to consent to them being deposited on your device. A link to more comprehensive information must also be present. This detailed information page must include a specific notice on the storage of cookies by third parties including LiveRamp, as well as a link to this privacy policy.
You can also refuse our cookies by clicking
here
.
Your choice not to subscribe is cookie-based. For it to work on your device, your browser must be configured to accept third-party cookies. If you use a new device or browser, or delete your cookies, you may need to unsubscribe again.
B. Legal basis of processing
The
activities for which we are controller are based on the following:
Legitimate interest
The personal data processing we carry out is based on legitimate interest because it is essential to operate our customer solutions and thus honour
the agreements concluded with our customers and partners and enable our advertising customers to promote their products and services. We only rely on this legal basis in cases where the above mentioned interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms, on the basis of a careful balance of interests test. You may contact our Data Protection Officer to obtain further details in that respect.
This processing also enables consumers to see advertisements and content more suited to their interests when browsing, and to rationalise the amount of advertising received. Finally, this processing contributes to the web ecosystem in general because the additional revenues generated by this customisation make it possible to maintain free access to the content of many websites.
Consent
The processing of personal data associated with cookies and pixels is based on the consent that we collect in accordance with the regulations applicable to “cookies and other trackers”. Regarding the storing of our cookies, we also comply with the industry standards established by
IAB Europe (TCF)
and/or the
EDAA
where applicable and without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing. You can withdraw your consent regarding your data and LiveRamp cookies at any time via our page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal data when we process your request to
exercise your rights
.
C. Retention periods for your personal data
The personal data that we process as a controller are retained for as long as is necessary for the provision of our services. We automatically refresh directly identifiable personal data based on the updated data provided by our Offline Partners. This process involves the removal of unusable data by application of the Offline Partner’s retention period and any opt out or erasure request. At the end of our contract with the related Offline Partner, we permanently delete the data they have provided. In any event, we automatically delete directly identifying personal data that have remained inactive for 2 years.
We store our cookie identifiers in our databases for 12 months but no longer use our cookies that have remained inactive for 90 days. We store mobile identifiers for 240 days after their entry into our databases. We store the data associated with our cookies separately and for a maximum of 12 months.
As part of the exercise of your rights, we retain a strict minimum of data allowing us, where applicable, to establish, exercise and defend our rights in court.
V. With whom may we share your data?
We may share the pseudonymous data or identifiers we use with various advertising environments when you have provided consent for this (Sync Partners, Match Partners), solely for the purpose of enabling us to synchronise with them, each acting as a data controller. We may also share with some of those partners pseudonymous identifiers to give effect to your consent withdrawals or opt-out.
We may also disclose data to a competent authority or court, but only if permitted or if required by law.
LiveRamp is a multinational company, which means that as part of our services we may transfer the data we collect to other entities in our group. We also use the services of certain service providers who help us operate our information systems.
We reserve the right to disclose data to third parties in case we (consider to) sell or transfer all or part of our business activities or assets to a third party, to the extent permitted by law.
Some of these recipients are located in countries outside the UK:
1/ which have been recognised by the UK as offering the same level of data protection as countries in the UK; or
2/ that have not been the subject of an adequacy decision. In this case, we use appropriate safeguards, in particular the International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) that gives personal data processed abroad an essentially equivalent protection as in the UK. To receive any further information on the suitable safeguards, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
VI. What are your rights?
Summary:
In accordance with the UK GDPR, you have the right to request access, rectification, erasure and portability transfer of your data, and the right to limit and request the restriction of and to object to its processing.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where the processing of personal data is based on your consent, it being noted that it does not affect the lawfulness of the processing operations carried out based on your consent prior to its withdrawal.
To exercise these rights, please visit our dedicated page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
As a natural person whose personal data is processed, you have certain rights which are summarised below. Not all of these rights are absolute and we may have lawful grounds to refuse your request to exercise your rights, depending on the circumstances as set out in the applicable data protection legislation.
Right of access
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is processed and, if so, you have the right to request access to such personal data, including, but not limited to, information about the categories of personal data concerned, the purposes of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. In any case, we must take into account the rights and freedoms of others, so this right is not absolute. If you request more than one copy of the personal data processed, we may charge a reasonable fee, taking into account the administrative costs.
Right to rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify incorrect personal data relating to you. Depending on the purpose of processing, you also have the right to request that incomplete personal data be completed, including by means of an additional statement.
Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”)
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the deletion of the personal data relating to you.
Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. In this case, your personal data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of substantial public interest.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances as defined in the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to receive personal data provided by you to us and relating to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you may also have the right to transfer such personal data to another controller or to request us to transfer such data directly to another controller to the extent this is technically possible.
Right to object
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to object at any time, for reasons relating to your specific situation, to the processing of your personal data by us, and we may be required to stop the processing of your personal data, unless we demonstrate that there are legitimate and compelling reasons for the processing which prevail on your interests and rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This applies in particular when the processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests.
Right to withdraw consent
In case you have given your consent for the processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Notice, you can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that took place prior to the wit
hdrawal of consent.
LiveRamp has signed the
EDAA charter
and participates in the “
Your Online Choices
” programme which enables consumers to learn how targeted advertising has been offered to them and to choose whether they want to continue receiving such offers.
LiveRamp also participates in the “transparency and consent framework” of
IAB Europe (TCF)
and complies with its specifications and policies, this without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing, as described herein. The identification number of our company within the framework is 97.
VI. Data Security
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, and the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
LiveRamp takes the protection of your data seriously, and we have implemented appropriate technical, organisational, and physical measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, altered, disclosed, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit internal access to your personal data to our employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a legitimate business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
VII. Other information
Click
here
to contact the Data Protection Officer of LiveRamp.
If you wish to complain about how LiveRamp processes your personal data you may do so by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
Changes to our privacy policy
: LiveRamp reserves the right to update and revise this policy to reflect any regulatory changes or changes to our services. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page, which displays the date of the last update.
Updated: January 2025
Sub-policy 40
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl