This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Othernet, LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
othernet.com
website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Othernet, LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Othernet, LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To send periodic emails
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, Pollfish detects whether the user has enabled his Device’s interest-based-ads settings (Advertising ID for Android/Advertising Identifier for iOS). If not, Pollfish does not proceed to any action and cannot offer any survey to the user or collect any of his/her Data. If the user has enabled such settings, a specific set of user’s device data and response meta-data is automatically sent to Pollfish servers. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by (a) enabling the “opt out of interest-based advertising” in your device Settings area or by (b) using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.

APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THE DRAWS. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Othernet, LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
This document was last updated on November 23, 2014
Privacy policy created by
Generate Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.generateprivacypolicy.com/:
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Blog
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample Terms & Conditions Template
App Privacy Policy Template
What Is a Privacy Policy (Meaning)
Privacy Policy Is Required By law
Where to Place Your Privacy Policy Link
SaaS Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Landing Page
SaaS Legal Requirements
GDPR
Privacy Policy
Generator
Every website & app needs a Privacy Policy.
Start Generating Your Privacy Policy
Generate Privacy Policy
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue & Generate Privacy Policy
You will be redirected to our trusted partner website
to generate the Free Privacy Policy.
About Our Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policies are not only a useful legal document to have on every website or app,
Privacy Policies are legally required.
Most privacy laws around the world, such as GDPR in the EU, CalOPPA and the new CCPA from USA, Privacy Act in Australia and many others require websites and apps to have a privacy notice. This "privacy notice" is also known as a Privacy Policy.
You need a Privacy Policy whenever you collect personal data from users. Even if you don't collect information from users directly, such as a through a contact form, you may still be legally required to have a Privacy Policy because your website or app uses third-party libraries that may collect user data.
You need a Privacy Policy if you ask personal data from users through forms (email address, name)
You need a Privacy Policy if you use tools from Google, such as Google Analytics or Google AdWords.
You need a Privacy Policy if you analytics tools, such as Mixpanel, Matomo (Piwik), Simple Analytics.
You need a Privacy Policy if send promotional emails to users (either through your own server or through MailChimp or similar tools).
You need a Privacy Policy if you set up and manage remarketing/retargeting campaigns through Google Tag Manager, Facebook Pixel and similar tools.
In the end, many situations may require you to have a Privacy Policy.
The accuracy of the generated privacy policy is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
Every Privacy Policy should include information about Cookies
Privacy Policies should include information regarding a website's use of cookies.
It's also useful to include instructions for website visitors how to delete cookies from their own web browsers.
How to Delete Cookies
Here are the steps for deleting cookies from modern web browsers.
How to delete cookies on Google Chrome (Windows)
Open the menu from the top right (three dots)
Click Settings
Click Privacy and security
Click Clear browsing data
Select either Basic or Advanced
Click Clear data
How to delete cookies on Edge (Windows)
Open the Menu (three dots)
Click Settings
Click Privacy and services
Click Choose what to clear at the Clear browsing data
Make your selection
Click Clear now
How to delete cookies on Mozilla Firefox (Windows)
Click the Menu (three lines)
Click Options
Click Privacy & Security
Go to the Cookies and Site Data section
Click Clear Data
How to delete cookies on Opera (Windows)
Click Settings
Click Advanced
Click Privacy & security
Click Clear browsing data
Click Clear data after selecting either Basic or Advanced
Privacy Policy Preview
Privacy Policy for
Company Name
At
Website Name
, accessible at
Website.com
, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by
Website Name
and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at
Email@Website.com
Log Files
Website Name
follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website,
Website Name
uses ‘cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
.
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of
Website Name
.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on
Website Name
, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that
Website Name
has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
Website Name
's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Website Name
does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in
Website Name
. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Our Generators
Privacy Policy Generator
Every website needs a Privacy Policy to comply with the GDPR, CCPA and CalOPPA laws.
Visit Privacy Policy Generator
Terms & Conditions Generator
Every website needs a Terms & Conditions agreement to protect the business and its intellectual property.
Visit Terms & Conditions Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Every website needs a Disclaimer for external links, user-generated content, fitness information and more.
Visit Disclaimer Generator