PRIVACY POLICY
We value your privacy.
This Privacy Policy informs you of your choices
and our practices regarding any Information you provide to us.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
We will use personal information:
To let APP works effectively, we will use your personal information.
We will record your to obtain certain information relating to our products interact,
and a reception error report via software running on your device or usage data.
How we use personal information:
-When you use our communication App, we will use your contacts information
to provide the best services and operate more conveniently.
-We neither collect your personal information,
nor provide to third parties or other people.
-We will not automatically record any action on any server,
including your personal account information, the IP address of the device you are using,
the browser you are using, browsing, and clicking on data records.
-We will read the mobile phone identification number for use as a third party advertisement.
-Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies(ex: Google AdMob、AdSense..etc), web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.
-By using our Apps, it represent that you agree to
we use your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
When do we disclose information:
-If we are required or authorized to disclose by law or by a law enforcement agency.
-To resolve disputes, trouble shoot problems, protect and defend our rights or property.
Change our Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
If we change our Privacy Policy,
we will post those changes or the amended Privacy Policy on our platform.
Gempro Technology Inc.
隱私權政策
我們非常重視您的隱私權。下列的隱私權政策將會告知您您將會提供給我們哪些權限，
請務必詳細閱讀以下內容。
我們會取用您的個人資訊
:
為了能更有效運作應用程式
,
我們將會取用您的個人資訊。
我們會記錄您與我們的產品互動的方式來獲得某些資料，以及透過在您裝置上執行的軟體接收錯誤報告或使用狀況資料。
我們將如何使用您的個人資訊：
-
當您使用我們的通訊類
App
時，我們會取用您的聯絡人資訊，以提供給您更完善的服務及使用起來更便利。
-
我們不會蒐集您的個人資訊
,
也不會把您的資訊提供給第三方或其他人。
-
我們不會把您的資料傳送到伺服器
,
包括您個人帳號資訊、使用連線設備的
IP
位址、使用的瀏覽器、瀏覽及點選資料記錄等。
-我們將會讀取手機的識別碼以作為第三方廣告商使用。
-我們的隱私權政策不適用關於第三方廣告服務商（例如：Google AdMob、AdSense等）所提供的廣告，我們建議您參考這些第三方網站並依他們的隱私權政策規定去處理。
-
當您下載使用我們的
App
時，即代表您同意以上所述的隱私政策。
在什麼情況下我們會提供您的個人資訊：
-
當法律要求或回應法律程序時
-
解決爭議，解決問題，保護和捍衛我們的權利或財產時
更改隱私權政策
:
我們保留隨時修改本隱私政策的權利。
如果我們更改我們的隱私政策，我們將在我們的平台上發布這些更改或修改後的隱私政策。