Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “Personally Identifiable Information” (PII) is being used online. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII when you use our mobile app, blog or website (commonly referred to as ‘service’).
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised Privacy Policy on this page. Such changes will be effective upon posting.
What personal information do we collect from the people that use our service?
Your name, email ID,  at the time of you registering on our mobile app
Your mobile device location when you use our mobile app (specific location if you’ve enabled GPS, or general geographic location based on your internet connection service provider)
General information about your device like type of device, operating system, and version
Our mobile app optionally offers connection with your social media accounts (only Facebook currently). We collect the basic information provided by these social media accounts while connecting if user opts to do so
Your activities on the app like your searches, results you selected, screens you visited, calls you placed to merchants through our app, content you shared on social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) through the app
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
To securely connect you with your friends to message within the network
To improve our service in order to better serve you
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests
To send periodic emails and push notifications regarding content that we feel might interest you
How do we protect visitor information?
Our service is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
SECURITY
All conections are secured by using verified SSL certificates. We try and follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
COOKIES AND DEVICE IDS
We do not collect cookies when you visit our site or blog
We do not collect mobile device IDs but we substitute them by creating a unique ID for each device in order to identify individual devices
THIRD PARTY LINKS & DISCLOSURE
We use third party services like CleverTap, Fabric, and Branch to which we disclose certain personally identifiable information (PII) listed below:
Information you provide us such as name, email, and mobile phone number
Information we collect as you access and use our service, including device information, location and network carrier
This information is shared with third party service providers so that we can:
Personalize the app for you
Perform behavioral analytics
We do not sell or trade to outside parties your PII.
DATA RETENTION & ACCOUNT TERMINATION
We retain information when you opt to delete the app from your phone with the intent to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service or to comply with legal obligations or to resolve issues raised by you about the service. We also offer complete deletion of your information. You may do it so by writing to us on the email address mentioned at the end of the page.
JURISDICTION
Your data will be processed and stored at multiple servers across the globe. Each location may provide different data protection rules based on the country.