Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
September 20, 2022
We at Daily Burn, Inc. (“Daily Burn”, “we”, “us”, or “our”)
have created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose and
otherwise process personal information in connection with operating our
business. This Privacy Policy describes the practices concerning the
information collected by Daily Burn, through the use of our websites and
applications on which this Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy
applies
to
our websites
and mobile applications and other Daily Burn online
services or applications on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and our
collection of information from our corresponding social media features and
pages (each a “Service” and collectively, the “Services”).
In addition to describing how we collect, use, disclose and
otherwise process personal information, this Privacy Policy explains the rights
and choices available to individuals with respect to their personal
information.
We may provide additional privacy notices to you at the time
we collect your data. This type of an “in-time” notice will govern how we may
process the information you provide at that time.
California residents may click
here
for
Your California Privacy Rights
Click
on the links below to jump directly to sections of the Privacy Policy:
1.
Information We Collect
2.
Sources of Information and Purposes of Use
3.
How We
May Use Your Personal Information
4.
How We May Share Information about You with Others
5.
Do Not Track Disclosures
6.
Social Media
Information for Individuals in the European Economic Area
8.
Information
for Residents of California: California Privacy Rights
9.
Online Privacy Choices and Rights
10.
Data Retention
11.
How We Protect Personal Information
12.
Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
13.
Information Relating to Children
14.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
15.
How to Contact Us
1.
Information
We Collect
We may obtain information about you in a variety of ways,
including through your use of our Services, when you call, email or otherwise
communicate with us (including through social media), or when you participate
in events or other promotions.
The information that we collect, whether from you directly
or automatically, may be considered personal information in certain
jurisdictions or personal data under the European General Data Protection
Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Whenever we
refer to personal information in this Privacy Policy, it means personal
information or personal data as defined by applicable laws in the relevant
jurisdiction.
●
Categories of personal information we collect:
Category
Specific Examples
A. Identifiers.
Name, email address, unique online identifier (UUID,
  Advertising ID, IDFA), IP Address
B. Personal Records
Name,
e
mail
  address, username and password,zip code, credit card information (when you
  purchase directly from our website);
C. Protected classification characteristics under
  California or federal law.
Age, Gender
D. Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or
  considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; fitness
  videos viewed.
E. Biometric information.
Not Applicable.
.
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a
  consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. See
Information collected by Automated Means
in Section 2
below for further details.
G. Geolocation data.
Not Applicable.
H. Sensory data.
Photographs and videos that you voluntarily choose to
  upload through our community and social features.
I. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Not applicable.
We may only collect some of the information above for
certain services.
In addition to the above, we may also collect
the following types of information:
●
To customize our Services to your
requirements, we will ask you to tell us your fitness goals and other related
information.
Separately, we may offer
you opportunities to add further information, such as your weight, which will
provide additional customization of the Services for you, such as the ability
to use Apple Health and track your activity.
If you choose not to share some or all of this information with us, you
may not have access to certain features of our site and mobile
applications.
●
Content, comments, photographs,
video submissions or your likeness when you provide it to us as part of our
community and social features
2.
Sources
of Information and Purposes of Use
Some of this information you provide to us and some we
collect when you use our Services. We also may obtain information about you
(including personal information) from our business partners, such as vendors,
and others.
●
Information
collected from you
The following are examples of the types of information we
may collect directly from you:
o
Name.
We require your name at the time of sign up
in order to process your payments.
o
Email address.
We use your email address to (i) communicate
with you about
our
Services,
including our other products and provide you with exclusive offers; ii)
responding to your
requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions;
(iii)
and communicating with your about your account.
o
Username and/or Password. Certain of
our Services use this information to facilitate your access to our website or
mobile application and validate your login for your security.
o
Payment card and other payment
information. If you pay for Services directly through our website, you
authorize us to have our payment processor collect this information.
o
Fitness Goals. You may choose to
tell us about your goals to personalize the Service for you.
o
Gender.
We ask your gender to help us personalize the
Services, allow you to track calories and to help us understand our customer
demographic.
This is voluntarily
provided information.
o
Age. You may choose to provide your
age to help us personalize the Services, allow you to track calories and to
help us understand our customer demographic.
This is voluntarily provided information.
o
Weight and/or target weight. You may
choose to provide your weight in order to track your calories.
o
User Content (comments, photos,
videos). You may choose to provide user content when you use our community or
social features.
o
Customer Service Interactions.
If you contact our customer support team, we
collect the information you give us during this interaction.
●
Information
collected by automated means (“Automated Information”)
We collect Automated Information through the use of cookies,
and other technologies. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for
more information on cookies. In addition to cookies, such other technologies
may include:
●
"Pixel tags" (also known
as a "clear GIFs" or "web beacons") which are tiny images
(in most cases, typically just one-pixel) that can be placed on a Web page or
in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the
effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of
individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you’ve opened one of our
emails or seen one of our Web pages.
●
"HTML5" (the language
some websites, such as mobile websites are coded in) may be used to store
information on your computer or device about your website usage activities and
to help determine how our Services are being used by our visitors, how the
services can be improved and to customize our Services for our users.
Web browsers may offer users of our
websites the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however, if
cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of our websites may not
function correctly. The “help” menu on most internet browsers contains
information on how to disable cookies, or you can visit
www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/
.
The above tracking technologies
may be deployed by us or our service providers on our behalf.
You can find more information on our
third-party service providers in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.
Automated Information includes information such as:
●
IP address
●
Browser type/version (for example:
Firefox 59.0.2 (64 bit))
●
Browser language (for example:
English)
●
Operating system used (for example:
Windows 10)
●
Internal resolution of the browser
window
●
Service provider and signal strength
●
Hardware and software information
●
Device Type
●
Services online.
●
Time zone
●
Identifiers associated with cookies
or other technologies that may
uniquely
identify your device or browser
●
AdvertisingID (such as Google's
AdvertisingID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers
that you can reset by going into your device's settings)
●
Adjust ID (this identifier lets us
know where our users found our Services online, record user app events and
optimize our advertising efforts)
●
Screen resolution
●
JavaScript activation
●
Java on / off
●
Cookies on / off (See our Cookie
Policy)
●
Colour depth
●
Referrer
●
Dates and times of access
●
IDFA
We or our third-party service provider may assign you a
unique identifier through automated means in order to match information
collected from you through different means or at different times, (including
both personal information and Automated Information) and to use such
information as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Automated Information is generally used for the
following purposes:
o
for the technical provision of our
Services in order to be able to provide you with a functioning user-friendly
experience
o
to provide you with a secure
experience and to take measures to protect our website and mobile applications
from cyber risks
o
to uncover insights about your use
of our website and mobile applications in order to improve our Services and
features, including developing new products and features
o
to facilitate your access to our
website or mobile application
o
to customize our Services for you
o
to help us better understand our
current and potential customers and optimize the marketing of our Services
accordingly
o
events and usage data is captured
for our internal business analytics in order to understand how our users
interact with our mobile applications and use our services.
For example, we may capture when a user
visits a screen, taps a button, permits notifications, upgrades, or otherwise
interacts with the app.
o
Monitoring and analyzing the
effectiveness of our communications (including by identifying when emails sent
to you have been received and read)
●
Information collected from service partners
and integrated services.
We may obtain information, including personal information
from third parties and sources that we integrate into our Services either for
the provision of our services or to facilitate your access to our Services such
as described below.
If you purchase a subscription to one of our mobile apps,
neither Google nor Apple provide us with any personal information of the
subscription purchaser (like name, email or payment information). Only an
anonymized Subscription ID or Order ID gets transferred to Daily Burn. If you
create a Daily Burn account, this anonymized subscription information gets
attached to your record for the purpose of subscription sharing with your Daily
Burn account across multiple devices.
You may be given the option to access or register for our
services through the use of your third-party social media account, such as
Facebook or Google.
If you select this
option, your social media provider may make certain of your personal
information available to us, such as your email address or other unique
identifier or we may be asked to share certain information with such social
media provider.
If you choose to sign on
through your third party social media provider, you authorize us to collect
your information from such provider and process it in accordance with this
Privacy Policy and you also authorize us to share your information with your
social media provider as necessary to permit you to access our services using
your social media account. We recommend that you review your social media
provider’s privacy policies carefully before using their service to connect to
our Services.
3. How We May Use Your Personal Information
In addition to the purposes described above, we may use the
information we collect for a variety of purposes, such as the following:
●
Performing Our Services
o
Maintaining or servicing accounts,
providing customer service, operation our website and mobile applications;
processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying user information,
processing payments
o
For your convenience, if you
register for one of our mobile applications, we may port over your login and/or
profile data to other mobile applications or Services that you purchase from us
o
We may link your account across one
or more devices or Services so that you can enjoy a consistent experience
across all devices and/or Services that you access.
o
Communicating about the products and
services we offer, and responding to requests, inquiries, comments, and
suggestions
o
Providing social and community
features, including publicly displaying content (comments, photos, videos) that
you voluntarily post
●
Internal Research
o
Understanding and evaluating how our
services and features perform with our users
o
Uncovering insights about usage in
order to improve the services and provide customers with enhanced features as
well as inform our development of new features and products.
o
Development of customized or
personalized experiences of our Services, such as remembering your information
so you do not have to re-enter it each time you use one of our Services
o
Using proprietary automated methods
of analysis, we use voicemail recordings to determine spam and unwanted calls
and improve our blocking technology
●
Auditing Interactions with Consumers
o
measuring usage of our websites and
mobile applications
o
measuring our advertising and
marketing activity (e.g., measuring how a user was acquired)
●
Security
o
To provide you with a secure
experience and to take measures to protect our website and mobile applications
from cyber risks
o
Protecting against, identifying,
investigating, preventing, and responding to fraud, illegal activity (such as
incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobile applications), and
claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions
that govern the services we provide
●
Debugging/Repair
o
identification and repair of
impairments to intended, existing functionality of our Services
●
Marketing
o
Understanding our customer in order
to more effectively market our Services
o
We use your email (with your consent where
required) to send you information about our products and services and exclusive
offers
●
Quality and Safety Maintenance and
Verification
o
activities related to improving the
quality of the Services we provide, including upgrade or enhancement of the
Services
o
verification or maintenance of the
quality or safety of Services
o
Tracking and responding to quality
and safety matters
o
Protecting our rights and property
●
Complying with legal or regulatory
requirements, judicial process, industry standards and our company policies
●
Other purposes that may be described
at the time you choose to provide personal information to us
We may also aggregate and/or de-identify any information that
we collect, such that the information no longer identifies any specific
individual. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information for our
own legitimate business purposes – including historical and statistical
analysis and business planning – without restriction.
4. How We May Share Information about You with
Others
We may share information about you
for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or pursuant to a specific
“in-time” privacy notice we may provide at the time we collect the information.
●
Third Party Service Providers
We may share
information about you
with the following categories of
third-party providers for a variety of business purposes:
o
Customer Communications and Insights Platforms
. We may share email, app usage and interactions with our
third party customer communications platform provider for the following
business purposes: performing services that allow us to communicate with you
and administer your account as well as track your usage for our internal
analytics.
o
Internal Business Insights Platforms
. Our third party internal business analytics platform
provides us with the tools to help us understand app usage and interactions and
uncover insights that allow us to improve our product and features as well as
optimize our marketing. We may share or make available unique user identifiers,
IDFA, deviceID, IP address, Adjust ID and app usage and events (such as when
you subscribed to our services) with these providers for the following business
purposes: performing services that allow us to (i) monitor and understand usage
in order to enhance existing Services or develop new products and features and
(ii) better understand our customers in order to market our products more
effectively.
o
Customer Support
–
When you contact us through our one of our support emails indicated in the How
to Contact Us section at the bottom of this Privacy Policy, your email may be
directed through our third party customer support platform which will have
access to your email, the content of your email as well as date and time your
request came into our system. We use these providers to allow us to communicate
with you about your account and to receive reports from users about the quality
or safety of our products.
o
Measurement and Attribution.
These service providers offer tools that allow us to
measure and attribute the source of new subscription sign ups and that allow us
to uncover insights about usage and app events. We may use unique user
identifiers made available to us from these third party providers to help us
measure the effectiveness of our ads (e.g., where and how a user is acquired)
and to uncover information about how our customers are using our apps in order
to improve their quality and safety.
We may
also share and/or store the unique identifiers with these providers for the
same purpose.
o
Other technology providers necessary to provide our services
(including
cloud
storage and web hosting providers).
We
store user provided and Automated Information and/or aggregate or
non-personally identifiable information with our cloud storage providers. We
also may make certain Automated Information available for various purposes such
as monitoring network traffic to detect malicious actors and to protect against
malware, fraud or other unlawful uses or activity.
o
Payment processors
.
If you purchase our Services outside of the
Apple or Google stores, we will process your payment through our third party
provider.
When you pay in this manner,
you authorize and direct us to process your payment through our payment
processor.
o
Marketing providers
.
We, or the third party service providers we
use to assist us with marketing our own products to you, may use the
information we collect from you to provide advertisements and offers for our
other products.
For example, if you use
Daily Burn’s Yoga app, we may share information (usually a unique online
identifier) with our marketing service provider that enables them to serve you
an ad for our Running app.
We may share
information with Facebook or SnapChat that allows us to create Custom or
Lookalike Audiences.
You may learn more
about Facebook Lookalike Audiences at
https://www.facebook.com/business/help/164749007013531
and Snapchat Audiences at
https://support.snapchat.com/en-US/a/advertising-preferences
. Additionally, we may share certain information, including
app events, with Facebook or other advertising partners that provide us with
optimization services for our advertising. You can learn more about how to opt
out of having such activity sent to Facebook at
https://www.facebook.com/help/2207256696182627
and
https://www.facebook.com/off_facebook_activity/
.
We also use Google
Ads to advertise our products. When you view or click on an ad on a website or
app, tracking technology may be set by Google to help better provide
advertisements that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of the use of
this tracking technology by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page:
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
. Additionally, if we obtain your information in connection
with a contest, sweepstakes, event, offering or other promotional activity that
is jointly offered by us and any third parties.
By entering such contest or sweepstakes, you authorize and direct us to
share your information with our co-sponsor. We may also share your information
with a third party service provider who administers the promotion, contest
and/or sweepstakes.
We may also share
aggregate information to third party providers and platforms that help us
understand our user demographic, including user demographic interests, habits
and usage patterns for certain of our Services so that we may market our
products more effectively.
●
Corporate
Transactions:
We may share information about you in connection with
(including during the evaluation or negotiation of) a corporate change or
dissolution, including for example a merger, acquisition, reorganization,
consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets or wind-down of a
business (each a “Corporate Transaction”).
Unless
prohibited by applicable law, we reserve the right to transfer the information
we maintain in the event we engage in any Corporate Transaction (including,
selling or transferring all or a portion of our business or assets). If we
engage in such a sale or transfer, we will where feasible - direct the
recipient to use the information in a manner that is consistent with this
Privacy Policy. After such a sale or transfer, you may contact the recipient
with any inquiries concerning the processing of your personal information.
●
Legal,
Regulatory, Compliance and Similar reasons
In addition, we may disclose and/or share your information
to comply with legal or regulatory requirements (including to comply with a
court order, judicial subpoena or other subpoena or warrant), industry
standards, judicial process, and our company policies, as well as to protect
against, identify, investigate, prevent and respond to fraud, illegal activity
(such as identifying and responding to incidents of hacking or misuse of our
websites and mobile applications), adverse event reporting, and claims and
other liabilities.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information (i)
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate or necessary to
take precautions against liability, (ii) to protect our rights or property or
the legal and property rights of others and (iii) investigate and defend third
party claims or allegations against us.
In addition, we may collect, use and disclose your personal
information as required or permitted by applicable law, or as directed by you,
in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. Do Not Track Disclosures
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track"
signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of
differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is
not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or
whether they are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard
concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such
signals, our Sites do not currently process or respond to
"do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If and when a
final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to
these signals.
6. Social Media
We maintain a presence on several social networking and
blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Google, LinkedIn, Twitter,
Snap, TikTok and Pinterest. We may incorporate some third-party social
networking features into our Services (including, allowing users
to interact with
others and share certain content and information on social media platforms)
or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or
manage the Services or portions thereof. Through these platforms and features,
we receive or may share information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies
to that information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social
media or blogging platforms we utilize their own privacy policies which explain
how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your
information (
e.g.
, if you establish
an account with such platform providers directly). By using social features,
you agree to those third parties’ privacy policies and terms of use.
If you choose to communicate with us or another user through social
features available on our websites or mobile applications or through our social
media pages, or other similar communication or messaging features or services,
such information may be made publicly available.
For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security
number, payment card or other sensitive information via these features.
We
have the right, but not the obligation to monitor messages and communications
between and among users for security and training purposes.
We may, but are not obligated to, remove any
content we deem (in our sole discretion) to be inappropriate.
7. Information for Individuals in the
European Economic Area (EEA)
●
Your Choices and
Rights.
As a resident of the EEA, you may have some or all of the
following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
●
Access: you may request access to
your personal information and receive copies of it;
●
Correction: you may have
inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
●
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use
of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information
or to limit our use of it;
●
Deletion: in certain circumstances,
you can request a right "to be forgotten" (this is a right to have
your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honor
such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal
obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it;
●
Portability: in certain
circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to
obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to
another provider); and
●
Consent Management: where we rely on
consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time.
You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is
based on consent.
If you are a resident of the EEA and you wish to access,
change or delete personal information we hold about you, you may contact us
by completing this
form
. If we change or
delete your personal information or if you decline to actively share certain
personal information with us, we may not be able to provide you with our
Services or some of the features and functionality of our Services. In
addition, you may contact
us
to
request that we not disclose your personal information to third parties (other
than those that are acting as our agent to perform tasks on our behalf, such as
data processors).
Keep in mind, we may
reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if
it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person. For example, we
may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of
personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide
our service to you anymore.
For your protection, we may require proof of identity and
verification before we can answer the above requests.
●
Legal basis for
processing data
In this section, we identify the legal grounds on which we
rely to process personal information.
In some cases, we have a legitimate interest to process the
personal information that we collect, such as to develop, administer and
support our products and services; to operate, evaluate and improve our
business; to facilitate and manage engagement programs; to promote research; to
support our recruitment activities; or to facilitate a Corporate Transaction
(including a sale of assets or merger or acquisition).
In other cases, we process personal information to fulfill
our contracts with business partners, such as third parties that distribute our
products.
It may also be necessary for us to process personal
information to establish, exercise or defend against fraud, illegal activity,
and claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and
conditions that govern the services we provide.
Our processing of certain information may be necessary to
comply with our legal obligations, and for reasons of public interest, such as
with respect to adverse
events
and product
safety reporting.
We may also process personal information as specifically
permitted by applicable legal requirements.
If we rely on consent for the processing of your personal
information, we will seek such consent at the time we collect your personal
information.
●
International
data transfers
We may transfer your personal information to countries other
than the country in which the data was originally collected for the purposes
described in this Privacy Notice. For example, if you are located outside of
the United States, we may transfer your personal information to the United
States, where Daily Burn is headquartered. The countries to which we transfer
personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country
in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer personal
information across borders, we consider a variety of requirements that may
apply to such transfers.
Specifically, we may transfer personal information from the
European Economic Area to:
●
Countries that the European
Commissions has deemed to adequately safeguard personal information,
●
Pursuant to the recipient’s
compliance with standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses),
EU-US Privacy Shield, or Binding Corporate Rules,
●
Pursuant to the consent of the
individual to whom the personal information pertains, or
●
As otherwise permitted by applicable
EEA requirements.
8.
Information for Residents of California: Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident,
the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may provide you with notice and
other rights regarding our use of your personal information that are in
addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. The CCPA Notice applies
to “Consumers” as defined by the law. This section describes your CCPA rights
as a California Consumer and explains how to exercise those rights.
See Sections 1 - 4 above to learn what
information we collect from you and how it is collected, used and shared.
●
Access to Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the
right to send us a request, no more than twice in a twelve-month period, for
any of the following for the period that is twelve months prior to the request
date:
●
The categories of personal information we have
collected about you.
●
The categories of sources from which we
collected your personal information.
●
The business or commercial purposes for our
collecting or selling your personal information.
●
The categories of third parties to whom we have
shared your personal information.
●
The specific pieces of personal information we
have collected about you.
●
A list of the categories of personal information
disclosed for a business purpose in the prior 12 months, or that no disclosure
occurred.
●
A list of the categories of personal information
sold about you in the prior 12 months, or that no sale occurred.
If we sold your personal information, we will
explain:
o
The categories of your personal information we
have sold.
o
The categories of third parties to which we sold
personal information, by categories of personal information sold for each third
party.
You have the
right to make or obtain a transportable copy, no more than twice in a
twelve-month period, of your personal information that we have collected in the
period that is 12 months prior to the request date and are maintaining.
●
Data Deletion Rights
Except to the
extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA, you may request that we delete
your personal information that we have collected directly from you and are
maintaining.
Note also that we are not
required to delete your personal information that we did not collect directly
from you.
●
Exercising Your Rights
To make a request for access, portability or
deletion according to your rights under CCPA, click
here
or mail your request to
Daily Burn, Inc., 47-10 Austell Place, Suite #303 Long Island City, NY 11101, Attn: Legal
Department.
California Consumers may
exercise these rights via an authorized agent who meets the agency requirements
of the CCPA.
We cannot respond to your
request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your
identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal
information relates to you. Any request you submit to us is subject to an
identification and residency verification process (“Verifiable Consumer Request”).
The Verifiable Consumer Request must:
●
Provide sufficient information that
allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected
personal information or an authorized representative; and
●
Describe your request with
sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond
to it.
Some personal information we maintain about
Consumers is not sufficiently associated with enough personal information about
the Consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular Consumer’s
personal information (e.g., clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous
browser ID).
As required by the CCPA, we
do not include that personal information in response to Verifiable Consumer
Requests.
If we cannot comply with a
request, we will explain the reasons in our response.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to
identify Consumer personal information that we collect, process, store,
disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your California Consumer privacy
rights requests.
We will typically not
charge a fee to fully respond to your requests, but we may charge a reasonable
fee, or refuse to act upon a request, if your request is excessive, repetitive,
unfounded, or overly burdensome.
We do not knowingly “sell” personal information
that we collect from you, in accordance with the definition of “sell” in the
CCPA, and will treat personal information we collect from you as subject to a
do not sell request.
There is not yet a
consensus as to whether our use of certain tracking technologies may constitute
a “sale” of your PI as defined by the CCPA. See our
Cookie Policy
and
Section 9
Online Privacy Choices
and Rights
to learn more about your choices.
We will not discriminate against you in a manner
prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights.
However, we may charge a different price or
rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service, to the extent
that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data.
In addition, we may offer you financial
incentives for the collection, sale and retention and use of your personal
information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in
reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels.
The material aspects of any financial
incentive will be explained and described in its program terms.
We may add or change incentive programs
and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms
linked to above so check them regularly.
California's "Shine the Light" law,
Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests
from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to
disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct
marketing purposes.
We do not currently engage in
the type of sharing covered by that law and so no such list exists. We do not
make any representations concerning third parties that do not collect personal
information directly through our Services.
To find out more about our “do not track”
practices under Cal.
Bus. & Prof.
Code §
22575, see the “
Do Not Track Disclosures” section
of this Privacy Policy.
For additional information on your privacy
choices and rights, see Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
9. Online Privacy Choices and Rights
●
Access, Edit and
Delete Your Information.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, your
rights to access, edit and delete your information can be found in
Section 7
,
“
Information for
Individuals in the European Economic Area
” section of this Privacy Policy.
If you are a California resident, you rights to access, edit and delete can be
found in the
Section 8
,
“
Information for
Residents of California
” section of this Privacy Policy.
If you are not a resident of the EEA or California,
depending on your location, you may be able to make requests to access, correct
and/or delete certain personal information that you provide to Daily Burn.
For your protection, we may require proof and
verification of identity and jurisdiction of residency before we can answer the
above requests.
If you wish to make such
a request, you may contact us at the applicable mobile application support
email indicated in the “
How to Contact Us
”
section of this Privacy Policy. If we change or delete your personal
information or if you decline to actively share certain personal information
with us, we may not be able to provide you with our services or some of the
features and functionality of our services. Once we have verified that you own
the account, we will honor such requests at our discretion and in accordance
with applicable law.
●
Device
permissions
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types
of device data and notifications, such as camera and microphone as well as push
notifications. Where applicable, you can change your settings on your device to
either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the
display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain
services may lose full functionality.
●
Uninstall
You can stop all information collection by the app by
disabling call forwarding and deactivating your account by following the
instructions on the Service’s Settings screen and then uninstalling the app
using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app
from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will
continue to be stored. If you
reinstall
the application on the same mobile device, we will be able
to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
●
Email
If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe
at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may
also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any other promotional
communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending your
request to us by the applicable mobile application support email indicated in
the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that if
you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the
nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may
take up to ten business days for us to process your request, and you may receive
promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that
period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages
from us, you will continue to receive transactional or administrative messages
from us regarding the Services.
●
Location
information
If you choose to opt-in, some of our apps may collect your device’s
precise real-time location, and in such cases, you may be able to opt out from
further allowing us to have access to such location data by managing your
location preferences in the app and/or on your device.
●
Notice to Nevada
users
Under Nevada law, Nevada residents may opt out
of the “sale” of certain “covered information” (as defined under Nevada law)
collected by operators of websites or online services.   We currently do
not sell covered information, as “sale” is defined by Nevada law, and we do not
have plans to sell this information.  However, if you would like to be
notified if we decide in the future to sell personal information covered by the
Act, please contact us
here
.  You are responsible for updating any
change in your email address by the same method and we are not obligated to
cross-reference other emails you may have otherwise provided us for other
purposes. We will maintain this information and contact you if our
practices change.
●
International
Transfers
Our services are hosted in the United States. If you choose
to use our services from outside the United States, with laws governing data
collection and use that may differ from United States law, note that you are
transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United
States for storage and processing. We may transfer your data from the United
States to other countries in connection with the storage and processing of data
to operate our business.
By using our
services and providing personal information, you consent to such transfer,
storage and processing.
If you are a
resident of the EEA, you can learn more about transfers outside the EEA in the
Information for Residents of the European Economic Area section of this Privacy
Policy.
●
Marketing Opt-Outs
Some of the service providers that we use to
market our Services and show our ads on other websites and mobile applications
may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory
Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding
Interest-based Advertising on the websites and mobile applications that you
visit and use, including use of Cross-device Data for serving ads, visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, and http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices for
information on the DAA’s opt-out program specifically for mobile apps
(including use of precise location for third party ads).
Some of these companies may also be members
of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and
your opt-out options for their members, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
10. Data Retention
Except as provided below, we may retain your personal information for
the longer of three (3) years after we become aware that you have ceased using
our services or for so long as we have a legitimate business need for the
information or to fulfill any legal and regulatory obligations. We may retain
other information that is not personally identifiable for backups, archiving, prevention
of fraud and abuse, analytics, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we
have a legitimate reason to do so.
11. How We Protect Personal Information
We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security
and integrity of personal information collected through our Services.
Despite these measures, however, we cannot
and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception
or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise,
and you provide information to us at your own risk.
If you correspond with us by email, text message or using
Web forms like a "contact us" feature available through our Services,
you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by
unauthorized parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information
due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after
transmission. If you create an account as part of using our Services, you are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
account
password and for
any activity that occurs under your account. Please notify us of any
unauthorized use of your password or account.
If we believe that the security of your personal information
in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If we have
your email address, we may notify you by email to the most recent email address
you have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your email address in
your account up to date. You can change that e-mail address anytime in your
account profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain a
copy of it. To receive these notices, you must check your -mail account using
your computer or mobile device and email application software. We may also
post a conspicuous notice on our site or notify you through the mobile
application.
You consent to our use of email, text message and/or
notification through the app as a means of such notification. If you prefer for
us to use the postal service to notify you in this situation, please let us
know by submitting your request
here
. You can make this election any
time, and it will apply to notifications we make after a reasonable time
thereafter for us to process your request. You may also use this email address
to request a print copy, at no charge, of an electronic notice we have sent to
you regarding a compromise of your personal information.
12. Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
For your convenience and information, we may provide links
to websites and other third-party content that is not owned or operated by us.
The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy
notices or policies.
We are not
responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that it does not own or
control. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties
before providing them with any personal information.
13. Information Relating to
Children
Our services are intended for general audiences over the age of 18 years
old.
We do not knowingly collect
information from children under the age of 18 years old.
If you are not over 18 years
old then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES. If you believe that we may have
personal information from or about a child under the age of 18 years old,
please contact us
here
(please include your name, mailing address, and
email address). Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child
under the age of 18 that's reported to us as soon as possible. You are
responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your
account.
14. Updates to Our
Privacy Policy
We reserve the
right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we update this Privacy
Policy, we will notify you by updating the date at the top of this Privacy
Policy.
When required by applicable law,
we may inform you by additional means, such as by sending you an email or
through a notification on the website or in our mobile applications if we make
material changes to how your personal information is collected, accessed or
otherwise used as a result of your use of the Services or if your rights under
this Privacy Policy are materially impacted by changes to our privacy practices.
15. How to Contact Us
You may contact us with questions, comments, or concerns
about our services and this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or to
request access to or correction of your information by submitting your requests
or inquiries to the applicable mobile application email below.
If you live outside the EEA, you may contact us at one of the Customer
Support emails below:
support@dailyburn.com
If you are a
resident of the EEA, please contact us
here
.
If you are a
resident of California, please contact us
here
.
OR you may write:
Daily Burn, Inc.
47-10 Austell Place, Suite #303 Long Island City NY 11101
Attention:
Privacy Officer/Legal Dept.
If you live in the EEA, you may file
a complaint with the competent data protection regulator.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語