What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our application.
When registering on our application, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our application anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To improve our application
(we continually strive to improve our application offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other  feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for registering, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to our application, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our application, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our  policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our application may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their Facebook account and going to the 'Choose Your Privacy Settings for Apps' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our application, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our application at
http://www.desptitsbonheurs.com/bambinapp/EULA_agreement.pdf
Your Consent
By using our application, you consent to our
privacy policy
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on Oct 4, 2011
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.bambinapp.com
Rue du Milieu 19
Yverdon 1400
Switzerland
welcome@desptitsbonheurs.com
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support. Compare Rhino Support to
kayako Supportsuite
and save!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Comply with requirements from CPRA, CCPA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator to comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR, Google Analytics & AdSense.
Free Terms and Conditions Generator
Free Terms and Conditions Generator to generate professional attorney drafted Terms & Conditions.
Free Cookie Consent
Free Cookies Policy Generator
Free Return & Refund Policy Generator
Free Disclaimer Generator
Free EULA Generator
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes many provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
How the Privacy Policy Generator works
Our intuitive, easy-to-use generator allows you to create a custom Privacy Policy or a Terms & Conditions agreement using our Free Website Privacy Policy Generator or our Free Website Terms & Conditions Generator.
01
Step 1. Generate your Privacy Policy
All you have to do is answer a few simple questions about your business and your Website Privacy Policy or Website Terms & Conditions agreement is created and ready to be added to your web site. In fact, for most people it takes less than 15 minutes.
02
Step 2. Download your Privacy Policy
Log in to your account and download the Privacy Policy you just generated. Each Privacy Policy you generate is saved in our systems and it can be accessed anytime you need it.
03
Step 3. Update or edit your Privacy Policy
If you need to update your Privacy Policy, that's easy. Simply log in back to your account and update your Privacy Policy. Do you want to edit the Privacy Policy text? It's the same easy step: log in & edit your Privacy Policy.
About FreePrivacyPolicy.com
The Most Popular Free Privacy Policy Generator! Here at Free Privacy Policy, we've helped more than 1,030,043 site owners create easy-to-read, highly effective, Custom Privacy Policies.
Our Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you disclose how you protect your customers' privacy, while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google AdWords requirements for a Privacy Policy
Personal Identifiable Information (PII)
Federal Trade Commission Fair Information Practices
Our Free Terms and Conditions Generator includes provisions to help you effectively protect your site and app while limiting your liability:
Provisions for payments, including subscription plans
Provisions for user-generated content (UCG), including copyright infringement notices (such as DMCA)
Provisions for protecting your site and app intellectual property (such as the website design, company logo)
Provisions for limiting liability (such as warranty disclaimers)
1,030,042
Users
1,185,477
Policies Created
533,464,650
Saved on Legal Fees
What our customers say
Rated
4.9
Quick and easy way to secure our company website. Thanks for making this a great user experience.
Anthony - Canine Behavioral Services
Thank you for making it so simple and easy to create a proper and compliant privacy policy!
Andrea - Toronto Success Coach
Thank you for your time and help. Setting up a Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service is easier than I thought.
Casey H - Casis Boutique