Privacy Policy
Please be sure to review the terms and provisions below carefully.
We at Teacher Created Materials are committed to protecting your privacy. We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party. This Privacy Policy applies to our Website (teachercreatedmaterials.com) and governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website.
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification.
While we will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by mail to Legal Department Teacher Created Materials 5301 Oceanus Drive Huntington Beach, CA 92649.
Information We Collect
How We Use Information We Collect
How we Share Information we Collect
International Transfer of Information
Cookies and Similar Technologies
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
Use of Site and Materials
User Accounts
1. Information We Collect
When You Visit our Websites
You are free to explore the Websites without providing any Personal Information about yourself. When you visit the Websites, we request that you provide Personal Information about yourself, and we collect Navigational Information.
Opt In and Opt Out
You may have the right to opt in to or opt out of certain of our uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. For example, we may ask you if you want to get marketing messages from us when you submit Personal Information to us on the Site. If you do get marketing emails from us, you can tell us you don't want to get them by clicking on the opt-out link in those emails.
What information is collected on this Site?
User-Provided Information
"Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify an individual or allow someone to contact an individual. We may collect Personal Information such as:
name
postal or physical address
email address
telephone number
credit card and other payment information
certain school/education information
We may also collect information such as your date of birth and certain demographic information. We do not generally treat these as Personal Information except when tied to information such as that listed above.
In some cases, information about you or your device, including Personal Information, may be collected on our Site directly by a third party, and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. See Social Networking below for more information about how we may use third party social networks.
Site Usage Information
When you visit our Site, our servers automatically collect the Internet protocol, or "IP", address associated with your computer, to help us track and resolve issues with Site functionality or administration. An IP address is a string of numbers that is usually controlled by a user's Internet service provider, and automatically assigned when a user's computer connects to the Internet. In some cases, we may get general geographic location information from your IP address.
We may also capture "clickstream data" about your Site usage. Clickstream data includes information about your "clicks" or actions on our Sites, such as what you see or click on during your visit and how you interacted with certain features. It can include information about your computer or device, Web browser and operating system and settings and may include referrer URL information that is automatically passed to us (that is, information about where the user came from before arriving on our Site, which may include search terms in the URL string).
To track information about use of our Sites, we use various technological tools. For example:
Cookies are small data files sent by a Web site or application and stored on your computer or device at the request of that site or app. A cookie stores information related to your browser to enable us to recognize your browser on return visits to our Site and remember your preferences. Most browsers can be set to detect browser cookies and to let you reject them, but refusing cookies may make it difficult to use the Site. To learn more about browser cookies, including how to manage or delete them, look in the Tools, Help or similar section of your Web browser, or visit http://allaboutcookies.org.
A pixel tag (also known as a "clear GIF" or "web beacon") is a tiny image - typically just one-pixel - that can be placed on a Web page or in an email to you, to tell us when you have displayed that page or opened that email.
These technologies allow us to assign a unique customer number to you.
We use third party service providers to assist us in collecting and understanding Site usage information.
By using our Site, you agree to our use of these tracking technologies.
2. How We Use Information We Collect
Compliance with Our Privacy Policy
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We will never sell your Personal Information
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Use of Personal Information
Use of Personal Information In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:
improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites and to improve the user experience;
send information or Teacher Created Materials content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business;
promote use of our products to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences;
send information to you regarding changes to our Customer Terms of Service, Privacy Policy (including the Cookie Policy), or other legal agreements
meet legal requirements.
Legal basis for processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only)
If you are a visitor/customer located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Teacher Created Materials is the data controller of your personal information. Teacher Created Material's Data Protection Officer can be contacted by mail at Legal Department Teacher Created Materials 5301 Oceanus Drive Huntington Beach, CA 92649.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Websites and the Subscription Service. We may also use Navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about Teacher Created Materials.
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer's consent via email prior to posting the customer's name and testimonial.
Use of Credit Card Information
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures.
Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
External Websites
Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
Teacher Created Materials use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
Retention of Personal Information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as is required in order to contact you about the Subscription Service or our other services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in "To Unsubscribe from Our Communications" below.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
3. How we Share Information we Collect
Yes. We share the information we collect on the Site with others who need it to provide services and so we can operate or support the Site or our business.Information sharing also happens when it is a necessary part of certain Site features, such as when you post your information to public areas on the Site where other Site users can see it.
We may also share your Personal Information:
with our affiliates and third parties for their marketing and other purposes, unless you tell us not to by following the instructions in the Opt In and Opt Out section above
with our co-sponsor(s) if we obtain your Personal Information in connection with a contest, sweepstakes, offering, or other promotional activity that is jointly offered by us and any third party(ies)
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or property or that of others, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government, judicial or other legal request, or to comply with the law
in connection with a corporate change or dissolution, including for example a merger, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets or wind down of business; and due diligence related to the foregoing
in additional circumstances subject to your consent
In addition, we may share non-personally identifiable Site usage information (including aggregate data) with others, for their own use, in a form that does not include your name or contact information.
4. International Transfer of Information
International Transfers within Teacher Created Material’s Entities
To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information to the United States and allow access to that information from countries in which the Teacher Created Materials affiliated entities have operations for the purposes described in this policy.
This Privacy Policy shall apply even if we transfer Personal Information to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Information will remain protected. When we share information about you within and among Teacher Created Material’s affiliated entities, we make use of standard contractual data protection clauses. Please see our Privacy Shield notice below for more information.
International transfers to third parties
Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share information of customers in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we make use of the standard contractual data protection clauses, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice below.
Privacy Shield Notice
Teacher Created Materials takes seriously subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
Teacher Created Materials takes seriously the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Teacher Created Materials takes seriously the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland.
In certain situations, Teacher Created Materials may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
You may direct any inquiries or complaints related to our Privacy Shield policy to
info@teachercreatedmaterials.com
.
5. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Social Networking
We use several social networking platforms, such as Facebook, to communicate with our customers. If we display or link to this Privacy Policy on such third party platforms, then this Policy applies to our use of Personal Information and other information you submit to us there, but it does not apply to what those platforms do with your information. Some tools on our Site allow you to share content from our Site through a third party social network. If you use these tools, please be aware that third party social networking services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to read them. You may also be able to give us information on our Site that you have already provided to a third party social network. For example, you may be able to log-in to our Site using your Facebook account information. By doing so, you consent to our collection and use of any Personal Information or other data we receive from that third party in accordance with this Policy.
Third-Party Tracking, Ad Servers and Networks
Third parties, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social networking platforms, may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across our Sites and other third party online properties or services. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites, and general geographic information derived from your IP address, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These advertisements may appear on this Site and on other Web sites. These companies may employ cookies, clear GIFs and other tracking technologies to cause relevant ads to be displayed to you. Some advertisements may display icons that consumers can click on for more information about their advertising choices.
6. How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information
You have the following data protection rights:
You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
You can request the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations.
You can request personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit that data to a third party in certain situations.
You have the right to object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing.
You have the right to object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
You have the right in certain situations to object to our continued processing of your personal information.
You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available here.) To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at info@teachercreatedmaterials.com or by mail to Teacher Created Materials 5301 Oceanus Drive Huntington Beach, CA 92649, Attention: Privacy. Please provide us enough information to identify you and include information to which your request relates. If appropriate, we will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
For further information on each of these rights, including circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individual’s rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "Opt Out" link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email us at
info@teachercreatedmaterials.com
or by mail to Teacher Created Materials 5301 Oceanus Drive Huntington Beach, CA 92649, Attention: Privacy. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us.
7. Use of Site and Materials
This site is owned and operated by Teacher Created Materials Inc. and/or, in the case of certain features, its third party service providers, and unless otherwise indicated the contents of teachercreatedmaterials.com are the property of Teacher Created Materials and are protected, without limitation, pursuant to U.S. and foreign copyright and trademark laws.
In the event you download software from the site, the software including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software and data accompanying the Software (together, the "Software") are licensed to you by Teacher Created Materials. Teacher Created Materials does not transfer title to the Software to you. As between you and Teacher Created Materials, Teacher Created Materials retains full and complete right, title, and interest in and to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse-engineer or disassemble the Software.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
8. User Accounts
Certain portions of teachercreatedmaterials.com may ask you to create an account. If you choose to create such an account, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information. You further agree to accept all responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, if any, and that you will not sell, transfer or assign your account or allow others to use it. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any user name and/or password that may assigned to or selected by you so that others may not access any members-only or password-protected portions of teachercreatedmaterials.com using your account and/or identity. Teacher Created Materials reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without notice to you, to terminate your account and/or to restrict your access to all or part of teachercreatedmaterials.com for any reason, including without limitation for extended periods of inactivity. Once an account is issued, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Teacher Created Materials Inc.'s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Teacher Created Materials Inc. may take such action as Teacher Created Materials Inc. deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website.
Termination
This Agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all materials obtained from teachercreatedmaterials.com and all related documentation and all copies and installments thereof whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise. This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from Teacher Created Materials, if in Teacher Created Materials' sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement, if you are a repeat infringer of any third party's rights, or if you engage in conduct that is illegal, tortious or that interferes with the technological operation of this site. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from teachercreatedmaterials.com and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;