Embrace a Personalized Experience with The Weather Network!
At The Weather Network, we believe in tailoring your online experience to suit your preferences, and we want to be transparent about how we achieve this. Our commitment to your privacy is unwavering, and we are dedicated to providing you with a personalized and seamless journey through our sites and apps.
Your Privacy, Your Control
We respect your autonomy over your online presence. Your consent is crucial, and we and
our 98 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. 
We only proceed with the collection of data if you grant us permission. Rest assured, the data is only used for ad personalization if you explicitly allow it. Your preferences matter, and you can always modify them at any time through the Manage My Consent link at the bottom of our desktop website or within the menus of our apps and mobile website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
, Store and/or access information on a device
View our 98 partners
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
Weather
Maps
News
Video
x
Assistant
Privacy and Cookie Policies
Pelmorex Corp. doing business as “The Weather Network”, “MeteoMedia”, “El Tiempo” and “Clima” (collectively “Pelmorex”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our users and safeguarding the personal information provided to us while accessing and using the services we provide.  Pelmorex Corp. is a Canadian leader for privacy and sets the bar internationally in terms of data collection and transparent consent. For years, we have implemented safeguards and protocols to ensure we are ahead of the curve when it comes to protecting Canadians’ information by following the seven foundational Privacy by Design principles. Pelmorex has built its business around transparent consent and it plays an important role in how we conduct business. The following policy provides an overview of how serious we are about safeguarding our users’ data.
This Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
”) applies to our collection and processing of information via any websites or mobile apps that we operate and which link to this Policy (our “
Services
”).
Below is a summary of the information that is collected at various points of your interaction with the Services, when and why it is collected:
1) We collect information you provide to us by filling out forms on the site or app. This includes:
Your name;
E-mail address;
A password you create; and
Optional information regarding your age and gender
This information allows us to:
Create a login on the website and apps;
Subscribe to our Services such as weather alerts
2)  When you create or use an account with us to upload photos and/or videos, we collect:
Your name;
E-mail address;
A password created by you;
Photos
Videos
This information allows us to:
Create a personal account for you.
Identify you as the person who took the video/photo on our website(s) and any other Pelmorex properties.
Upload your video/photos on our websites and apps.
3) When signing up to obtain a “Weather Widget”, we collect:
Email address
This information allows us to contact you to communicate changes to the program and for our records to track which websites are using our Weather Widgets.
4)  When you submit a comment or inquiry using our online feedback form, we collect:
Your name
E-mail address;
City and Province;
User Agent;
The type of device you are using;
IP Address; and
Any information you include in the feedback form including attachments
In order to effectively respond to your comment/inquiry we need to know how to contact you. When you submit a question or comment through the website, it is managed through the CRM (customer relations management system) platform, Zendesk. Your information resides in this system, which is managed by Pelmorex but maintained by Zendesk and affiliates. You can find more information about them here:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy-and-data-protection/
.
5)  We collect mobile device identifiers (specifically an anonymous Ad ID) and your location if you’ve enabled location tracking in our app.
This allows us to provide you with precise weather for the location in which you are located when you access the app and notifications about weather alerts in your location, provided location tracking is enabled. This data is generally not sufficient to identify you personally.
Location behaviour, if enabled, may be combined with postal codes (there are on average 20 houses per postal code so this does not generate a specific home address) and demographic data in the aggregate to deliver insights for third party marketing and content.
6)  We also purchase data, including precise location data, from third party distributors in order to provide the Services.
7)  We collect data that you provide with contest entries.
Any personal information collected for contest entries is deleted once the contest is over and a winner has been announced.
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To provide you with customized weather information;
To provide you with weather alerts in the case of active weather in your location;
To establish and manage your subscriptions
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
To ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer and/or mobile device;
To enforce our Terms of Use, to the extent that your personal information is required to determine whether the Terms of Use have been violated;
To administer our Services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
With your consent, to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may interest you;
To meet our legal obligations.
Do we sell aggregated and anonymized information?
Yes. The website and app are provided as free services, so we make money through advertising. Using aggregated information for advertising ensures that you see ads that are more relevant to you. The aggregated information cannot be used to identify you specifically and no individual can ever be identified by the anonymous data we collect. We never share or sell individual user data, and no raw data is ever sold. Pelmorex only sells the insights it develops.
Privacy Controls
What privacy controls do we provide to our users?
Location information in the app
We will only collect this information with your consent. When you download the app, you are asked if you consent to the use of location information. You can turn off location access at any time in the app. If you do not consent to the app’s use of location information you will need to manually enter your location each time in order to ensure the weather information you are getting is accurate to your location.
Cookies
Cookies are necessary to ensure websites work. We ask for consent to place cookies on your system when you first access our website. The Cookie Policy explains in greater detail what cookies we put on your computer and why. You have control over what cookies websites place on your computer through your browser settings.  You can also continue to use our Services without consenting to the use of cookies that are not strictly necessary; the only consequence is that our Services will be less customized. For more information, please see our
COOKIE POLICY.
Creating an account
Users who have created an account with us can change their permissions at any time through management of their account. If you have created an account with us you can request that it be deleted by contacting us through the online form on our website accessible at the following link
https://help.theweathernetwork.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
.
Automatically Collected Information
Each time you visit the website(s) or use the app, we automatically collect the following information:
1. Technical information
including: the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer and/or mobile device to the Internet, your mobile ad id, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and the carrier name (if available); and
2. Information about your visit:
Services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
None of the above information is considered personal information and the collection of such information is how all websites operate. With respect to web cookies and similar technologies, we seek consent from users of our Services as further described in our
COOKIE POLICY.
Consent
When you first use our app and/or sign up for an account on one of our websites, we request consent for the collection of your personal information in order to provide you with the Services and satisfy our obligations with respect to the other purposes listed in this Policy.
We also rely on your consent with respect to the use of cookies that are not strictly necessary.
Disclosure of Your Information
Other companies within the Pelmorex Corp structure have access to your information in order to assist us in providing you with our Services.
We may disclose your information in the following circumstances, as required or permitted by applicable law:
Information may be given to Business partners, suppliers, contractors and other processors, So that such processors may assist us in the operation, provision and enhancement of our Services;
Information may be given to companies we may buy or who may buy us. We may disclose your personal information to a prospective or actual buyer of us, or a prospective or actual seller of their company to us, as part of that process.
Information may be given to other parties to comply with our legal requirements. This could be in order to comply with any legal obligation, and in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; and/or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Pelmorex, our customers, or others
Our vetted third-party business partners need to receive and process your information in order to help us provide you with our Services. We also may disclose anonymous and aggregated data to third parties:
Information may be given to Advertisers and advertising networks in order to select and serve relevant ads.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 100 men aged under 35 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, mobile app users in a particular geographical location).  This data does not constitute personal information because it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. However, it allows our advertisers to provide advertisements that may be more relevant to you.
We also send advertising networks information to serve more relevant ads to you. Those networks include – Google DV 360, The Trade Desk, OMD Data Transfer, Google Ad Manager, and Pelmorex Audience.
Information may be given to Analytic Services such as Google Analytics to perform marketing analytics, website analytics, service and product analytics and services such as Firebase to provide services to ensure that apps function properly.
Information may be given to Marketing insights partners where your data may be used in the aggregate in providing analytics services such as store visit attribution and marketing insights for Pelmorex customers and partners.
Information from User Generated Content: Services such as NewSpark and JW Player require access to the information you provide about yourself when you upload photos or videos to the site. This information is required in order to ensure  proper functionality of your content on the site, in order to provide proper attribution and for record keeping purposes.
Links and Other Websites
Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check those policies before you submit any personal information to those websites.
How Long We Keep Your Information
Your data is stored with Pelmorex for as long as we are required to keep it to provide our Services to you in a seamless fashion or in compliance with applicable law. For example, we will retain your data to facilitate logins to your account and to allow us to service your account for as long as you maintain an account with us. We also ensure we have up-to-date consent from you to continue to collect and store your information.
Requests for Access and Deletion of Information
If you have created an account with us, you can request access to the information we have collected and you can request that we delete your account. Please note that if you have uploaded pictures to us they will also be deleted when your account is deleted. You can make this request through the website at the following link:
https://help.theweathernetwork.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
.
Please note that if you have never created an account with us and you use any of our Services anonymously we do not collect enough information to be able to identify you in our systems
If you have entered any or our contests your information is deleted from the system when the contest is over and a winner has been announced.
Transfer of Your Information
Any information transferred to us via the app or website is stored in the cloud within Canada. Due to the nature of cloud services we cannot guarantee that it is stored in the cloud in the province in which you reside.
Safeguarding Your Personal information
We use a variety of technological, physical and organisational protections and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure, such as encryption, passwords and physical security measures.  While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant that the personal information or private communications you transmit to us will always remain private and any transmission is at your own risk.  The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to proactively prevent unauthorised access.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and/or the processing of your personal information, you can reach our privacy officer by completing the online form accessible at this link
https://help.theweathernetwork.com/hc/en-us
or alternatively, you can contact us at:
Attn.
Privacy Officer
Pelmorex Corp.
2655 Bristol Circle
Oakville, Ontario
Canada
L6H 7W1
905-829-1159
This Privacy Policy was last reviewed on September 1, 2023.
Cookie Policy
Pelmorex Corp. (“we”, “us”, “our”) uses cookies on this website and with the Services we offer through the site to ensure that our users (“you”, “your” or similar expressions) of the website have the best user experience.
What is a Cookie?
Each cookie is effectively a small file of letters and numbers which contain small amounts of information that it gathers as you use the website. Cookies are stored on your computer hard drive and on your mobile device as you use them to access our site.
There are technologies similar to cookies which may be in use on this website, such as:
Device fingerprinting
Device fingerprinting uses information other than cookies to identify a device, usually relying on IP addresses, the type of browser being used, the type of operating system etc which collectively is used to create a unique number for that set of information so that websites recognize the device on subsequent visits.
Local storage
Local storage enables the storage of data in the local device’s cache, for example to load content quicker.
Pixels
A pixel is a small graphic which is used to track user behaviour, for example: retargeting pixels, conversion pixels, analytics pixels, and affiliate pixels of which this website may use some or several of the listed pixels and which provide insight into users' behaviour when using the website.
Scripts
Scripts are small computer programs embedded within websites that give them extra functionality but may access user devices.
For ease of reference, all of the above terms along with cookies are simply referred to as cookies in this policy.
How Do We Use Cookies?
A cookie is placed on your computer when you first visit our website and are used during subsequent visits to distinguish you from other users of the websites and Services; to remember what you have searched on previous visits to the site to enable quicker presentation of that information the next time you visit; to save login information (if you select the “Remember Me” option when you log in) if you have subscribed to the Services the site offers so that you don’t have to log in each time you visit; and to personalize your experience on the site.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of the websites and the Services. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the websites and the Services. The websites and Services would not function properly for you if the information in these cookies were not placed on your computer.
The cookies outlined below are not strictly necessary cookies.
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the websites when they are using them and/or use the Services. This helps us to improve the way the websites and Services work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.  These cookies are not stored on mobile devices.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to the websites and/or use the Services. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). For this process we use the Services provided by Tapad which helps to improve and personalize your user experience and deliver content and ads across devices. Loss of the information in these cookies may make our services less functional but would not prevent the services from working.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to this website and/or your use of the Services, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. Through its participation in the advertising programmatic auctioning eco-system ("a technology ecosystem to automatically buy and sell targeted online advertising in real-time") run by Google, Twitter and other major players and associated ad-technologies, Pelmorex as well as other advertising vendors can track your visits to other advertising powered websites around the internet. We will use this information to make the advertising displayed on them more relevant to your interests. We also segment the data with other users and utilize it for content/advertising and share the segment data with third parties in order to provide more relevant advertising.
Demographic information
We may retain limited demographic information such as date of birth and gender, if such information is provided by the user, which is tied to anonymous identifiers and may be referenced by the system for some tailored advertising.
The following table lists the cookies we use on our website. Those marked with ** are strictly necessary cookies that are required for the website to function properly:
Cookie Name
Who Places the Cookie
Purpose
_gads
Google Analytics
Advertising
_dm_sync
_ga
Google Analytics
To identify returning users to the site.
_gid
Google Analytics
To identify returning users to the site.
aam_dfp
Adobe Audience Manager
Audience tracking for website functionality
aam_uuid
Adobe Audience Manager
Audience tracking for website functionality
aamuuid_ts
Adobe Audience Manager
Audience tracking for website functionality
AKA_A2
gtm_stc
Google Analytics
pelm_brtr_timestamp
Pelmorex Corp
DFP behavioural targeting timestamp
pelm_country_selection**
Pelmorex Corp
User’s preferred location
pelm_dfp
Pelmorex Corp
Content viewed per session for advertising
pelm_geoipdetected**
Pelmorex Corp
Advises Pelmorex if geoid is detected or not
pelm_ip**
Pelmorex Corp
IP detected to get location
pelm_lastloc**
Pelmorex Corp
User’s last location
pelm_lastlocunprofiled**
Pelmorex Corp
User’s last location
pelm_unit**
Pelmorex Corp
User’s preferred unit (C or F)
pelm_user_domain**
Pelmorex Corp
User's preferred domain (this cookie lasts for a long time and is the user's normal domain)
pelm_user_domain_temp**
Pelmorex Corp
Allows users to switch domains without being redirected
pelm_wind_measurement**
Pelmorex Corp
Keeps track of user’s preferred measurement (km/h or mph)
Webglsupported**
If supported shows current and future maps.
Allows cross platform use as well as improving user experience, ensuring more relevant advertising and providing analytics to third parties.
Please note
that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies and do not collect any additional personal data. Examples of some of the third-party services that we utilize when providing our Services are: Doubleclick for Publishers; AdSense; Google Analytics Advertiser Features; AdExchange; Google Analytics; Amazon; Criteo; District M; Index Exchange; Open X and App Nexus. Further details on how the data is used by these third parties can be found at the following link:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
You have the option to set your browser to either accept cookies and/or Local Storage, to notify you before accepting cookies and/Local Storage, or to refuse cookies and/or Local Storage altogether. You can access cookie preferences in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser.
If you turn cookies off certain website and service functionality, such as remembering your preferences, will not be available and you may not be able to access all or parts of the websites or services.
Changes to this Policy
Policies on this site are constantly reviewed to ensure compliance with applicable laws. As such, this policy may be updated from time to time and any updates will be posted on this page.
Manage My Consent
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy-and-data-protection/:
Skip to main content
Secure Customer Service
Cover your bases
Zendesk takes security very seriously—just ask the number of
Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies
that trust us with their data. We use a combination of enterprise-class security features and comprehensive audits of our applications, systems, and networks to ensure that your data is protected, which means every customer can rest easy—our own included.
Security
Privacy
Zendesk AI
Legal
Compliance Certifications and Memberships
Zendesk uses best practices and industry standards to achieve compliance with industry-accepted general security and privacy frameworks, which in turn helps our subscribers meet their own compliance standards.
SOC 2 Type II
We undergo routine audits to receive updated SOC 2 Type II reports, available upon request and under NDA.
Request the latest SOC 2 Type II report
.
ISO 27001:2022
Zendesk is ISO 27001:2022 certified.
Download the certificate
.
ISO 27018:2019
Zendesk is ISO 27018:2019 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
ISO 27701:2019
Zendesk is ISO 27701:2019 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
ISO 27017:2015
Zendesk is ISO 27017:2015 certified. The certificate is available for download
here
.
FedRAMP LI-SaaS
Zendesk is FedRAMP authorized with Low Impact Software-as-a-Service (LI-SaaS) and is listed in the
FedRAMP Marketplace
. US Government agency subscribers can request access to the Zendesk FedRAMP Security Package by
completing a Package Access Request Form
or submitting a request to
fedramp@zendesk.com
.
PCI-DSS
For more information on
automatically redacting credit card numbers
or
adding a credit card identification field
HIPAA
For more information on our HIPAA program and our BAA
HDS
For more information on our HDS program
McAfee Cloud Trust - McAfee Enterprise Ready
Zendesk received the
McAfee CloudTrust Program
.  The program presents the McAfee Enterprise-Ready seal to only those services that have the highest CloudTrust™ rating possible. These are among the services that have earned McAfee's CloudTrust™ and a rating of McAfee Enterprise-Ready based on their attributes across the data, user and device, security, business, and legal evaluation categories.
Cloud Security Alliance (CSA)
Zendesk is a member of the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA), a not-for-profit organization with a mission to promote the use of best practices for providing security assurance within Cloud Computing. CSA has launched the Security, Trust & Assurance Registry (STAR), a publicly accessible registry that documents the security controls provided by various cloud computing offerings. Zendesk completed a publicly available Consensus Assessment Initiative (CAI) Questionnaire, based on the results of our due diligence self-assessment.
The CSA CAIQ is available
here
.
IT-ISAC
Zendesk is a member of
IT-ISAC
, a group focused on bringing together a diverse set of private sector companies to leverage evolving technology and have a common commitment to security. IT-ISAC enables collaboration and sharing of relevant, actionable threat intelligence information and practices. They moderate special interest groups that focus on Intelligence, Insider Threat, Physical Security, and other specific areas to help further our mission of securing Zendesk.
FIRST
Zendesk is a member of
FIRST
, an international confederation of incident response teams that cooperatively handles computer security incidents and promotes incident prevention programs. FIRST members develop and share technical information, tools, methodologies, processes and best practices. As a member of FIRST, Zendesk Security works with other members to use their combined knowledge, skills, and experience to promote a safer and more secure global electronic environment.
Financial Services Qualifications System (FSQS)
Zendesk has satisfied all requirements (Stage 1 and Stage 2) to become fully registered on the FSQS (Financial Services Qualification System) supplier qualification system, as set out by participating buying organisations. Request the latest FSQS Certificate
here
.
More details about FSQS
https://hellios.com/fsqs/
.
Artifacts
We can provide additional resources upon request.
ISO 27001:2022 certificates
ISO 27018:2019 certificate
ISO 27701:2019 certificate
ISO 27017:2015 certificate
SOC 3 Report
Datasheet / White Paper
Network Architecture Diagrams
Support/Guide
Chat
Talk
CSA CAIQ
Risk Ledger
FSQS (Financial Services Qualification System)
SIG Lite
VSA
HECVAT Lite
Get resources
The following resources may require an NDA on file. Click the button to gain access.
Certificate of Insurance
SOC 2 Type II Report
Annual Penetration Test Summary
Get resources
Cloud Security
Facilities
Zendesk hosts Service Data primarily in AWS data centers that have been certified as ISO 27001, PCI DSS Service Provider Level 1, and/or SOC 2 compliant.
Learn about Compliance at AWS
.
AWS infrastructure services include backup power, HVAC systems, and fire suppression equipment to help protect servers and ultimately your data.
Learn about Data Center Controls at AWS
.
On-Site Security
AWS on-site security includes features such as security guards, fencing, security feeds, intrusion detection technology, and other security measures.
Learn about AWS physical security
.
Data Hosting Location
Zendesk leverages AWS data centers in the United States, Europe, and Asia Pacific.
Learn about Data Hosting Locations for your Zendesk Service Data
.
Zendesk offers multiple data locality choices including the United States (US), Australia (AU), Japan (JP), or European Economic Area (EEA). For more information on product, plan, and regional offerings please see our
Regional Data Hosting Policy
.
Zendesk minimizes risks associated with third-party vendors by performing security reviews on all vendors with any level of access to our systems or Service Data.
Dedicated Security Team
Our globally distributed Security Team is on call 24/7 to respond to security alerts and events.
Protection
Our network is protected through the use of key AWS security services, integration with our Cloudflare edge protection networks, regular audits, and network intelligence technologies, which monitor and/or block known malicious traffic and network attacks.
Architecture
Our network security architecture consists of multiple security zones. More sensitive systems like database servers are protected in our most trusted zones. Other systems are housed in zones commensurate with their sensitivity, depending on function, information classification, and risk. Depending on the zone, additional security monitoring and access controls will apply. DMZs are utilized between the Internet, and internally between the different zones of trust.
Network Vulnerability Scanning
Network security scanning gives us deep insight for quick identification of out-of-compliance or potentially vulnerable systems.
Third-Party Penetration Tests
In addition to our extensive internal scanning and testing program, each year Zendesk employs third-party security experts to perform a broad penetration test across the Zendesk Production and Corporate Networks.
Security Incident Event Management
Our Security Incident Event Management (SIEM) system gathers extensive logs from important network devices and host systems. The SIEM alerts on triggers that notify the Security team based on correlated events for investigation and response.
Intrusion Detection and Prevention
Service ingress and egress points are instrumented and monitored to detect anomalous behavior. These systems are configured to generate alerts when incidents and values exceed predetermined thresholds and use regularly updated signatures based on new threats. This includes 24/7 system monitoring.
Threat Intelligence Program
Zendesk participates in several threat intelligence sharing programs. We monitor threats posted to these threat intelligence networks and take action based on risk.
DDoS Mitigation
Zendesk has architected a multi-layer approach to DDoS mitigation. A core technology partnership with Cloudflare provides network edge defenses, while the use of AWS scaling and protection tools provides deeper protection along with our use of AWS DDoS specific services.
Logical Access
Access to the Zendesk Production Network is restricted on an explicit need-to-know basis, utilizes least privilege, is frequently audited and monitored, and is controlled by our Operations Team. Employees accessing the Zendesk Production Network are required to use multiple factors of authentication.
Security Incident Response
In case of a system alert, events are escalated to our 24/7 teams providing Operations, Network Engineering, and Security coverage. Employees are trained on security incident response processes, including communication channels and escalation paths.
Encryption in Transit
All communications with Zendesk UI and APIs are encrypted via industry standard HTTPS/TLS (TLS 1.2 or higher) over public networks. This ensures that all traffic between you and Zendesk is secure during transit. Additionally for email, our product leverages opportunistic TLS by default. Transport Layer Security (TLS) encrypts and delivers email securely, mitigating eavesdropping between mail servers where peer services support this protocol. Exceptions for encryption may include any use of in-product SMS functionality, any other third-party app, integration, or service subscribers may choose to leverage at their own discretion.
Encryption at Rest
Service Data is encrypted at rest in AWS using AES-256 key encryption.
Uptime
Zendesk maintains a publicly available
system-status webpage
, which includes system availability details, scheduled maintenance, service incident history, and relevant security events.
Redundancy
Zendesk employs service clustering and network redundancies to eliminate single points of failure. Our strict backup regime and/or our
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
service offering allows us to deliver a high level of service availability, as Service Data is replicated across availability zones.
Disaster Recovery
Our
Disaster Recovery (DR) program
ensures that our services remain available and are easily recoverable in the case of a disaster.
This is accomplished through building a robust technical environment, creating Disaster Recovery plans, and testing
activities
.
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
Our
Enhanced Disaster Recovery
package adds contractual objectives for Recovery Time Objective (RTO) and Recovery Point Objective (RPO). These are supported through our capability to prioritize operations of Enhanced Disaster Recovery subscribers during any declared disaster event.
Get more information on Disaster Recovery Guarantees.
Application Security
Secure Code Training
Annual secure code training for all engineers, based on OWASP Top 10 security risks.
Framework Security Controls
Zendesk leverages modern and secure open-source frameworks with security controls to limit exposure to OWASP Top 10 security risks. These inherent controls reduce our exposure to SQL Injection (SQLi), Cross Site Scripting (XSS), and Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF), among others.
Quality Assurance
Our Quality Assurance (QA) department reviews and tests our code base. Dedicated application security engineers on staff identify, test, and triage security vulnerabilities in code.
Separate Environments
Testing and staging environments are logically separated from the Production environment. No Service Data is used in our development or test environments.
Dynamic Vulnerability Scanning
We employ third-party security tooling to continuously and dynamically scan our core applications against common web application security risks, including, but not limited to the OWASP Top 10 security risks. We maintain a dedicated in-house product security team to test and work with engineering teams to remediate any discovered issues.
Software Composition Analysis
We scan the libraries and dependencies used in our products to identify vulnerabilities and ensure the vulnerabilities are managed.
Third-Party Penetration Testing
In addition to our extensive internal scanning and testing program, Zendesk employs third-party security experts to perform detailed penetration tests on different applications within our family of products.
Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program
Our
Responsible Disclosure Program
gives security researchers as well as subscribers an avenue for safely testing and notifying Zendesk of security vulnerabilities through our partnership with
HackerOne
.
Product Security
Authentication Options
Zendesk has several different authentication options. Subscribers can turn on Zendesk authentication (email and password sign-in), social media single sign-on (SSO) (such as Facebook and Google), and enterprise SSO (such as SAML and OIDC) for end user and team member authentication.
Learn about user access
.
Configurable Password Policy
Zendesk native authentication for products available through the
Admin Center
provides the following levels of password security: low, medium, and high, as well as set custom password rules for agents and admins. Zendesk also allows different password security levels to apply to end users vs. agents and admins. Only admins can change the password security level.
Learn about configurable password policies
.
2-Factor Authentication (2FA)
Zendesk native authentication for products available through the
Admin Center
offers 2-factor (2FA) for agents and admins via SMS or an authenticator app.
Learn about 2FA
.
Service Credential Storage
Zendesk follows secure credential storage best practices by never storing passwords in human-readable format, and only as the result of a secure, salted, one-way hash.
Advanced Data Privacy and Protection
For businesses that need a higher level of data privacy and security, Zendesk offers the
Advanced Data Privacy and Protection add-on
. The add-on includes capabilities for BYOK encryption, customizable data retention policies, data masking, PII redaction, and access logs.
Role-Based Access Controls
Access to data within Zendesk applications is governed by role-based access control (RBAC) and can be configured to define granular access privileges. Zendesk supports various permission levels for users (owner, admin, agent, end-user, etc.).
Learn about user roles:
Support Default Roles
Support Custom Roles *Enterprise only
Chat Default Roles
Chat Custom Roles *Enterprise only
Explore Default Roles
Guide Default Roles
Talk Default Roles
Session Time
Details on global security and user access
IP Restrictions
Any Zendesk account can restrict access to their Zendesk Support to users within a specific range of IP addresses. Only users from the allowed IP addresses will be able to sign in to your Zendesk account. You can allow subscribers (not agents or admins) to bypass this restriction. For more information, see
Restricting access to Zendesk Support and your Help Center using IP restrictions
and
Using IP Access Restriction in Chat
.
Hosted Encryption Certificates for Help Center (TLS)
Zendesk provides free TLS encryption for host-mapped Guide help centers. Zendesk uses Let’s Encrypt to request certificates and automatically renews the certificate before it expires.
You can also upload your own certificate, if you choose.
To learn more about setting up encryption certificates for a Guide help center please see
Setting up a hosted TLS encryption certificate
.
File Restrictions in Chat
Zendesk Chat allows the ability to restrict what file types are sent to agents. Alternatively, you can choose to turn off file sending entirely in the Chat product. To learn about this feature, see
Managing file sending in live chat
.
Audit Logs
Zendesk offers Audit Logs to accounts with Enterprise/Enterprise Plus plans. These logs include account changes, user changes, app changes, business rules, ticket deletions, and settings. The Audit Log is available in both the
Admin Center
and
Support API
. To learn more about Audit Logs and see what information is available within the log please see
Viewing the audit log for changes
.
Private Attachments
Subscribers can configure their instance so that users are required to sign in to view ticket attachments.
Learn about Private Attachments
.
Redaction
Zendesk has two types of redaction for removing sensitive data: Manual redaction provides the ability to redact or remove sensitive data in Support ticket comments, and securely delete attachments, so you can protect confidential information. The data is redacted from tickets via the UI or API to prevent sensitive information from being stored in Zendesk. Learn about redaction via the
UI
or
API
.
Automatic redaction allows for automatic redaction of credit card numbers from subscriber-submitted tickets. When enabled, credit card numbers are partially replaced with blank boxes in the ticket. They are also redacted from logs and database entries. To learn more about how to enable this feature and how credit card numbers are identified, see
Automatically redacting credit card numbers from tickets
and from
chats
.
Spam Filter for Guide help center
Zendesk’s spam filtering service can be used to prevent end-user spam posts from being published in your Guide help center.
Learn about filtering spam in Guide
.
Email Signing (DKIM/DMARC)
Zendesk offers
DKIM
(Domain Keys Identified Mail) and
DMARC
(Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, & Conformance) for signing outbound emails from Zendesk when you have to set up an external email domain on your Zendesk. Using an email service that supports these features helps you stop email spoofing.
Learn about digitally signing your email
.
Device Tracking
Zendesk tracks the devices used to sign in to each user account. When someone signs into an account from a new device, it is added to the device list in that user's profile. That user can get an email notification when a new device is added, and should follow up if the activity seems suspicious. Suspicious sessions can be terminated through the agent UI.
Learn about device tracking
.
HR Security
Policies
Zendesk has developed a comprehensive set of security policies covering a range of topics. These policies are shared with and made available to all employees and contractors with access to Zendesk information assets.
Training
All employees attend a Security Awareness Training, which is given upon hire and annually thereafter. All engineers receive annual Secure Code Training. The Security team provides additional security awareness updates via email, blog posts, and in presentations during internal events.
Background Checks
Zendesk performs background checks on all new employees in accordance with local laws. These checks are also required for contractors. The background check includes criminal, education, and employment verification. Cleaning crews are included.
Confidentiality Agreements
All new hires are required to sign Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality agreements.
Welcome to the Zendesk Global Privacy Program
Zendesk has a formal global privacy and data protection program, which includes cross-functional key stakeholders including Legal, Security, Product, and Executive sectors of the company. As privacy advocates, we work diligently to ensure our Services and team members are dedicated to compliance with applicable regulatory and industry frameworks.
Compliance
The Australian Privacy Act of 1998 (as amended) provides several data subject rights and added mandatory notification of eligible data breaches. Unlike the GDPR, there are no concepts of data controller and data processor.
https://www.zendesk.com/company/anz-privacy/
The Brazilian General Data Protection Law or Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”), was entered into effect on September 18, 2020. LGPD is a comprehensive data protection law which covers the activities of data controllers and processors and provides individual rights.
Zendesk subscribers that collect and store personal data in Zendesk Services may be considered “controllers” under the LGPD. Controllers bear the primary responsibility for ensuring that their processing of personal data is compliant with relevant data protection law, including the LGPD. Zendesk acts as a “processor,” as such term is defined in the LGPD, with respect to the processing of personal data through our Services.
Subscribers can view our
Product Guides
and
Service Data Deletion Policy
for more detailed information on how to use Zendesk’s products to align with compliance initiatives.The National Authority for Protection Data (“ANPD”) may issue additional guidance for the LGPD in the future. Zendesk will continue to actively track the law and we will continue to keep our subscribers updated on features and functionality they can use to support their compliance efforts.
Zendesk’s LGPD Addendum has been incorporated into Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement. If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement, please
click here.
The
California Consumer Privacy Act
, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”) is a U.S. law enacted in the State of California, which went into force on January 1, 2020. It expands upon the privacy rights available to certain California consumers, and requires certain companies to comply with various data protection requirements. Please also visit the final
CCPA Regulations
and the
California Privacy Rights Act
(“CPRA”). A few CPRA provisions went into effect on December 16, 2020, with the remaining provisions of the CPRA becoming operative on January 1, 2023.
Zendesk subscribers that collect and store personal information in Zendesk Services may be considered “Businesses” under the CCPA. Businesses bear the primary responsibility for ensuring that their processing of personal data is compliant with relevant data protection law, including the CCPA. Zendesk acts as a “Service Provider,” as such term is defined in the current version of the CCPA, with respect to the processing of personal information through our Services. Therefore, Zendesk collects, accesses, maintains, uses, processes, and transfers the personal information of our subscribers and our subscriber’s end-users processed through the Services solely for the purpose of performing our obligations under our existing contract(s) with our subscribers; and for no commercial purpose other than the performance of such obligations and improvement of the Services we provide.
We do not “sell” our subscriber’s personal information as defined under the CCPA. We may share aggregated and/or anonymized information regarding use of the Service(s), which is not considered personal information under the CCPA, with third parties to help us develop and improve the Services and provide our subscribers with more relevant content and service offerings as detailed in our subscriber agreements.
Zendesk’s CCPA Addendum has been incorporated into Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement. If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s Data Processing Agreement, please
click here.
If you would like to review and/or execute Zendesk’s US State Addendum to the Main Services Agreement, please
click here
.
Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act went into effect in 2000 and is focused around ten fair information principles, which form the rules for collection, use, access, and disclosure of personal information. In October of 2021, the International Technology Association of Canada and Information Technology Industry Council suggested changes to PIPEDA to provide greater privacy and transparency rights for Canadian citizens.
You can review and/or execute Zendesk’s DPA
here
. The Zendesk DPA covers the specific processing activities and security measures applicable to our Services and incorporates the new EU Standard Contractual Clauses (“EU SCCs”).
Subscribers can read our
Product Guides
and
Service Data Deletion Policy
for detailed information on how to use Zendesk’s products to assist in compliance with data protection and privacy laws.
Since our inception, Zendesk’s approach has been anchored by a strong commitment to privacy, security, compliance, and transparency. This approach includes supporting our subscribers’ compliance with EU data protection requirements, such as those set out in the
General Data Protection Regulation
(“GDPR”).
If a subscriber collects, transmits, hosts, or analyzes personal data of EU citizens, GDPR requires the subscriber to use third-party data processors who guarantee their ability to implement the technical and organizational requirements of the GDPR. To further earn our subscribers’ trust, our Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”) has been updated to provide our customers with contractual commitments regarding our compliance with applicable EU data protection law and to implement additional contractual provisions required by the GDPR.
Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs)
: Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) are company-wide data protection policies approved by European data protection authorities to facilitate intra-group transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries outside the EEA. BCRs are based on strict privacy principles established by European Union data protection authorities and require intensive consultation with those authorities. Subscribers can find the full list of approved entities on the Binding Corporate Rules Approved List
here
. In 2017 Zendesk completed the EU approval process with the Irish Data Protection Commissioner (“DPC”) (peer reviewed by both the UK Information Commissioner’s Office and the Dutch Data Protection Authority) BCRs as processor and as a controller. This significant regulatory approval validated Zendesk’s implementation of the highest possible standards for protecting personal data globally, covering both the personal data of its customers and its employees. Zendesk is one of the first software companies in the world to have received approval for its BCRs; and was the second company ever to receive approval from the Irish DPC.
To access Zendesk’s EU BCRs, please visit:
Zendesk’s Processor EU Binding Corporate Rules
Zendesk’s Controller EU Binding Corporate Rules
To access Zendesk's UK BCRs, please visit:
Zendesk’s Processor UK Binding Corporate Rules
Zendesk’s Controller UK Binding Corporate Rules
Data Subject Requests
: An individual who seeks to exercise their data protection rights in respect of personal data stored or processed by us on behalf of a subscriber of ours within the subscriber’s Service Data (including to seek access to, or to correct, amend, delete, port, or restrict processing of such personal data) should direct such query to our subscriber (the data controller). Upon receipt of a request from one of our subscribers to remove personal data from Zendesk, we will respond to such request within thirty (30) days. We will retain personal data that we process and store on behalf of our subscribers for as long as needed to provide the Services to our subscribers.
Data Protection Officer
: Zendesk’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) can be reached at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
.
HDS enables healthcare providers in France to use Zendesk’s customer service and engagement platform with confidence that our platform has appropriate technical and governance measures in place to secure and protect personal health information (PHI). Additional information is available
here
.
The New Zealand Privacy Act in 2020 commenced on December 1, 2020, applies to agencies and maintains the principle-based framework of the 1993 Act. The 2020 Act states that organisations are responsible for ensuring that personal information sent outside of New Zealand is adequately protected and added mandatory breach notification requirements.
https://www.zendesk.com/company/anz-privacy/
The Personal Data Protection Act of Singapore establishes data protection laws that govern the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Data as of July 2, 2014. Zendesk is a recognized Infocomm Development Authority of Singapore (IDA) Data Intermediary as a Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) Service Provider. Additional information is available
here
.
The United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union on 31 January 2020. On 28 June 2021, the European Commission adopted
adequacy decisions
for transfers of personal data to the United Kingdom under GDPR.
To achieve a HIPAA-Enabled Account, you will need to (1) purchase the Advanced Security Deployed Associated Service or Advanced Compliance Deployed Associated Service Add-On; (2) enable a set of security configurations as outlined by Zendesk; and (3) execute our
Business Associate Agreement
(“BAA”). For more details, including a list of which Services can be HIPAA-enabled, please see
Advanced Compliance
.
Subscriber Service Data Details
Service Data is any information, including personal data, which is stored in or transmitted via the Zendesk Services by, or on behalf of, our subscribers and their end-users. We use Service Data to operate and improve our Services, help customers access and use the Services, respond to subscriber inquiries, and send communications related to the Services.
Access
: Zendesk provides an advanced set of access and encryption features to help customers effectively protect their information. We do not access or use customer content for any purpose other than providing, maintaining, and improving the Zendesk services and as otherwise required by law. See
here
for additional information.
Data Hosting
: Zendesk uses Amazon Web Services to host Service Data as described
here
and in the
Regional Data Hosting Policy
. For additional information, please also see the
Security section
.
Default Data Types Collected by the Service
: Zendesk has created a
list of data points
, categorized by product. For the full picture of data types, subscribers can use this list in conjunction with their specific intended use case and resultant data types.
Legal or Government Requests
: Privacy, data security, and subscriber trust are our top priorities. Zendesk does not disclose Service Data, except as necessary to provide our Services and to comply with applicable laws, as detailed in our
Privacy Notice
. To assist our subscribers in performing compliance reviews, we have additional resources:
Transparency Report
and
Government Request Policy
.
Ownership
: From a privacy perspective, the subscriber is the controller of Service Data and Zendesk is a processor. This means that throughout the time that you subscribe to services with Zendesk, you retain ownership of and control over Service Data in your Zendesk instance.
Replication
: Zendesk periodically replicates data for purposes of archival, backup, and audit logs. We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) to store some of the information that is backed up, such as database information and attachment files. Please see our
Regional Data Hosting Policy
for further details.
Security
: Zendesk prioritizes data security and combines enterprise-class security features with comprehensive audits of our applications, systems, and networks to ensure subscriber and business data is protected. See additional information
here
.
Security Incidents
: For more information about security incident management see our
Security Incident Response
.
Sub-processors
: Zendesk may use sub-processors, including affiliates of Zendesk, as well as third-party companies, to provide, secure, or improve the Services, and such sub-processors may have access to Service Data. Our
Sub-processors policy
provides an up-to-date list of the names and locations of all sub-processors.
Termination
: Zendesk maintains a
Service Data Deletion Policy
that describes Zendesk’s data deletion processes upon subscriber’s termination or expiration of the Zendesk subscription.
Privacy Related Policies
Cookie Policy
Detailed information about how and when we use cookies on Zendesk websites.
In-Product Cookie Policy
Provides information about how and when Zendesk uses cookies within the Zendesk Services.
Service Data Deletion Policy
How our Subscribers’ Service Data is deleted in connection with the cancellation, termination, or migration of an Account within the Zendesk Services.
Shared Responsibility Model
This framework clarifies which party is responsible for which controls related to the security and privacy of your data.
Application Features Related to Privacy
Zendesk has tools for each of its products to assist with user requests and other obligations under applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, such as data access, correction, portability, deletion, and objection. To learn about the features and functionality in each Zendesk product, please see
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection in Zendesk products
.
Zendesk provides an advanced set of access and encryption features to help subscribers effectively protect their information. We do not access or use subscriber data for any purpose other than providing, maintaining, and improving the Zendesk Services and as otherwise required by applicable law. Additional information is available
here
.
Zendesk has achieved a number of internationally recognized certifications and accreditations demonstrating compliance with third-party assurance frameworks. Security certifications are described
here
.
Subscribers who purchase the
Data Center Location Deployed Associated Service
(“Data Center Location Add-on”), or have the Data Center Location functionality in their Service Plan, have the ability to select the region that will host their Service Data from a list of Zendesk available regions.
Zendesk has a robust global privacy and data protection program, which takes a unified approach to privacy and information governance to give customers flexibility to manage personal data that lives within Zendesk’s systems. For details, see our product guides:
Complying with Privacy and Data Protection in Zendesk Products
.
Zendesk has two types of redaction for removing sensitive data:
Manual redaction provides the ability to redact or remove sensitive data in Support ticket comments, and securely delete attachments so that you can protect confidential information. The data is redacted from tickets via the UI or API to prevent sensitive information from being stored in Zendesk.
Learn more about redaction via the UI or API
.
Automatic redaction allows for automatic redaction of credit card numbers from Agent- or End-User-submitted tickets. When enabled, credit card numbers are partially replaced with blank boxes in the ticket. The numbers are also redacted from logs and database entries.
Learn how to enable this feature and how the credit card numbers are identified
.
Zendesk AI
Zendesk AI is built based on the core principles of privacy, security, and compliance, by design. Our commitment to providing businesses with secure, trusted products and solutions is embedded in our DNA. As part of this, Zendesk leverages a set of
design principles
that not only set the standard for how we design, develop and build everything we do, but set a clear foundation for our use of AI for customer experiences (CX and employee experience (EX)).
Service Data processed by Zendesk AI is subject to all security standards and commitments, including compliance with Zendesk’s robust
Enterprise Security Measures
, and storage within Zendesk’s
SOC 2-compliant environment
. Service Data will not be shared with any other customer.
Generative AI features are currently powered by OpenAI. OpenAI deletes all data after producing the output, without any storage. OpenAI data security practices are available
here
.
All models developed by Zendesk are classification models – this means they are trained to read and classify inputs into one of a set number of categories created by Zendesk. Because these models are not generative, no content is produced by the model, and
it is not possible for data to be reproduced by the model
.
Does Zendesk use customer Service Data to train machine learning models?
Zendesk offers three types of machine learning functionality:
1. Account-specific ML functionality:
Zendesk creates machine learning models tailored to a customer’s account using only data existing in the account. Account-specific models will not be used by any other customer.
2. Generic ML functionality:
Zendesk uses Service Data to train its generic, cross-account machine learning models to be predictive and useful to multiple Zendesk customers. These include global and industry models. These models will never disclose one customer’s Service Data to another customer, because they are not “generative” (i.e., they do not create text).
3. Generative ML functionality supported by OpenAI:
OpenAI models are pre-trained and Zendesk customer data will never be used by OpenAI (or any other third party) to train their model(s).
How does Zendesk protect Service Data when used for model training?
Before Service Data is used to train generic ML functionality, Zendesk applies aggregation and sanitation processes, as necessary. No fields designed to intake personal data or ticket attachments are used for model training.
Zendesk is committed to ensuring that no Service Data will be reproduced by the model.
There is no risk that one customer’s data will be exposed to another customer through the model’s output. See
AI Data Use Information
.
Hallucinations are an intrinsic risk for generative AI features. Zendesk does two things to mitigate this risk:
Zendesk utilizes the Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) technique to ensure that generated replies or search results are grounded in specific knowledge base content
Zendesk development team regularly inspects replies with negative end user feedback for hallucinations to develop tools that can automatically detect and prevent such scenarios.
All Service Data is hosted in Zendesk’s existing
AWS regions
. For sub-processor hosting locations, please see the
Zendesk Sub-processor Policy
Use of Zendesk AI does not impact any Subscriber data locality commitments, including those available in the
Data Center Location Add-on
. Service Data of eligible Subscribers will continue to be hosted in the selected region.
Note: Zendesk WFM (Tymeshift), Zendesk QA (Klaus), and Ultimate Service Data are hosted in Google Cloud Platform in the regions provided below:
US, Germany
Germany
US, Belgium
All Zendesk products and features are designed with privacy in-mind, and the Zendesk AI is no different.
Subscribers are able to
comply
with various privacy laws (including GDPR and CCPA) when using Zendesk, including Zendesk AI features.
The Zendesk AI is eligible for coverage under
Zendesk’s Business Associate Agreement (BAA)
.
Subscribers interested in executing a BAA with Zendesk must have access to the
Advanced Compliance Add-on
.
Data Security
OpenAI data security practices are available
here
.
Model Security
Zendesk uses pre-trained OpenAI models, and Service Data will never be used by OpenAI for any purpose other than to provide and secure its service to Subscriber. Once the output is delivered, the Service Data is deleted.
Model Training
OpenAI will never use Service Data for model training or any other form of service improvement.
Data Hosting and Locality
OpenAI supports data processing locality in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland for eligible customers. However, please note that OpenAI does not store or host Service Data, which is only processed in memory to deliver the output.
Data Privacy
Zendesk uses OpenAI’s ‘Zero Data Retention’ policy so that no Service Data is stored or hosted by OpenAI after the output has been delivered. As a result, using OpenAI does not impact Subscribers’ ability to
comply
with various privacy laws (including GDPR and CCPA) when using Zendesk.
All OpenAI features within Zendesk are optional. Subscribers who do not wish to use these features do not have to turn them on, and are always able to disable the features through the Admin Center.
HIPAA
Select OpenAI-powered features are available for use with HIPAA-enabled accounts. Please see the
Advanced Compliance
page for more information.
You can learn more about Ultimate’s AI agent Security & Privacy
here
.
Legal
Our agreements and policies provide our subscribers transparency and detailed information about Zendesk’s Services, which in turn support our subscribers in meeting their own legal and compliance standards.
Zendesk offers several data processing agreements and other addenda to support subscribers’ compliance with data privacy laws, available for execution
here
. These include:
Data Processing Agreement
(DPA)
United States HIPAA Business Associate Agreement
(BAA)
Main Services Agreement
(MSA)
US State Addendum
Accessibility Policy
Subscribers can leverage our Voluntary Product Accessibility Template in making their preliminary assessments.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The minimum standards that we expect from our directors, officers, employees and contingent workers in the conduct of our business.
Cookie Policy
Detailed information about how and when we use cookies on Zendesk websites.
In-Product Cookie Policy
Provides information about how and when Zendesk uses cookies within the Zendesk Services.
Copyright Infringement Notice & Takedown Policy
How Zendesk handles notifications of infringement.
Data Deletion Policy
How our Subscribers’ Service Data is deleted in connection with the cancellation, termination, or migration of an Account within the Zendesk Services.
Legal or Government Request Policy
Addresses Zendesk’s procedure for responding to a request received from a law enforcement or other government authority.
Privacy Notice
Describes how Zendesk collects, uses, shares, and secures personal data.
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Where Zendesk Service Data can be hosted if a Subscriber purchases or enables the Data Center Location Add-On.
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Programs for security researchers to report discoveries of security vulnerability in the Zendesk Services.
Additional Zendesk policies are available
here
.
Transparency Report
Disclosure of Service Data
: Zendesk only discloses Service Data to third parties where disclosure is necessary to provide or improve the services or as required to respond to lawful requests from public authorities. Please see our
Government Data Request Policy
as well as the
Zendesk Transparency Report
.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship
Sign up for a trial
Take a tour
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語