Welcome to
Knot Guide
Need to tie a knot? With more than 100 knots and various categories, Knot Guide will teach you the ropes!
People of all walks of life since ancient times have found knots both fascinating and essential. Knots are used in sailing, climbing, tree trimming, jewelry making, and everyday tasks such as hitching a load to your vehicle. Whether you are a novice or you have experience with tying knots, Knot Guide will assist you!
The knots included in Knot Guide are generally considered to be some of the most useful everyday knots.
Awesome
Features
Find the knot that best suits your needs.
Knots by Name
Index of more than 100 knots.
Knots by Category
Whether you need an end hitch or a fishing knot, we've got you covered.
Save to Favorites
Easily access those knots you use most.
Knot Lingo
So, what is a Bight anyway?
An App Store Essentials "Weekend Warriors DIY" PICK!.
- Apple
App Store
"What's knot to love?"
-
"THIS OLD HOUSE" - The Hardware Isle
"...a highly recommended app with tons of utility value..."
-
IPHONEAPPREVIEWS.net
"Knot Guide is like a patient teacher... showing you over and over how to tie it until you’ve committed it to memory."
-
APPCRAVER.com
"One of the most practical apps for those not bound by four walls..."
-
SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER
Knots
Included
Alpine Butterfly on a Bight, Adjustable Bend, Adjustable Loop, Albright Knot, Alpine Butterfly on a Bight, Anchor Bend, Arbor Knot, Ashley's Stopper, Bachmann Hitch, Back Splice, Blake's Hitch, Blood Knot, Bowline, Bowline on a Bight, Braid Knot, Buntline Hitch, Carrick Bend, Chain Sinnet, Cleat Hitch, Cleat Hitch with Round Turn, Clinch Knot, Clove Hitch, Clove Hitch on a Bight, Constrictor, Countryman's Knot, Cow Hitch, Diagonal Lashing, Double Figure Eight Loop, Double Fisherman's, Double Overhand Stopper, Doubl e Sheet Bend, Double Surgeon's Loop, Eye Splice, Figure Eight Follow Through, Figure Eight Knot, Figure Eight Loop, Fisherman's Bend, Fisherman's Knot, Flemish Flake, Gasket Coil, Girth Hitch, Highwayman's Hitch, Honda Knot, Hunte r's Bend, Improved Clinch Knot, Jug Sling, Klemheist Knot, Lariat, Lark's Head, Lumberman's Knot, Monkey's Fist, Mooring Hitch, Munter Hitch, Nail Knot, Overhand Knot, Oysterman's Stopper, Palomar Knot, Perfection Loop, Prusik Knot, Rapala, Reef Knot, Rigger's Bend, Rolling Hitch, Rosendahl Bend, Rosendahl Loop, Round Lashing, Running Bowline, Running Knot, Sailor' s Gripping Hitch, Sailor's Whipping, San Diego Jam Knot, Shear Lashing, Sheepshank, Sheet Bend, Slip, Square, Squar e Lashing, Stevedore, Surgeon's Knot, Tautline Hitch, Timber Hitch, Trucker's Hitch (1), Trucker's Hitch (2), True Lover's Knot, Turk's Head 3L5B, Turle Knot, Two Half Hitches, Uni Knot, West Country Whipping, Yosemite Bowline, Zeppelin Bend, Zeppelin Loop
Download Now (iPhone)
Download Now (Android)
Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved.