Privacy Policy
MobiTime is a platform that makes it easy for you as a traveler to find information about public transport - offering features like digital timetables, journey planner, departure views, ticket purchase, and travel bookings, etc.
In this app, each regional Public Transport Authority (PTA) processes your personal data in a secure and lawful manner, so you as a customer can feel safe. Infospread Euro AB is the data processor for each Regional Public Transport Authority and the technical provider of the app. When the app is used in a way that may involve personal data, it will require you to accept the respective PTA's privacy policy. You can find the privacy policy for each PTA in the app's main menu / More... / Personal Information Management.
Personal data is processed to support the following functions in the app:
Purchase of tickets
Ordering of demand responsive traffic
Creation of a user account
Journey planner using GPS-position
Distribution of messages and notifications about traffic changes or disruptions
Distribution of messages and notifications about timetable updates or other relevant information
Personal data collected in the app is also used to:
Validate/inspect tickets
Handle complaints, perform troubleshooting, and provide support
Compile statistics to develop our services
Offer voluntary market surveys and participation in competitions and campaigns
Perform analysis to provide you with relevant offers
Prevent misuse of the app
Types of personal data collected is:
Basic identifying information
First and surname
Email address
Phone no.
User ID
App interactions and search history
Booking information for demand responsive transport
Online identifiers
IP address
Crash logs
Diagnostics/performance data
Location data
GPS data from mobile phone
Special categories of personal data
The app does not handle sensitive personal data
Financial information
Credit card no.
Swish/business account - Phone no.
Klarna: First name and surname
Professional information
Business account – Company name and department
Security and data handling procedures
The personal data is stored on servers located in Sweden, i.e., within the EU/EEA area.
Your personal data is used by the PTA, who is the data controller, and its data processors. Personal data is not used for automated decision-making. Infospread Euro AB is the data processor for the PTA and the technical provider of the app and handles the personal data needed to maintain the service. PTA never forwards personal data to third parties except when required to maintain functions or services in the app. An example of when transfer of personal data to third party occur is the purchase for mobile tickets. Here, personal data is transferred to the PTA's payment providers who complete the transaction.
Technical and Organizational Security Measures
Infospread Euro AB, as the data processor, is responsible for the technical and organizational security measures in and around the MobiTime platform. Below are the key measures:
All data communication is encrypted with SSL
One-time passwords in combination with unit verification for user account access
Multiple permission levels to ensure users access only authorized functions
Data is stored on secure data centers in Sweden
Regular security updates and firewall protection
Daily backups
Data retention and deletion process
Personal data related to tickets and personal data related to handling any complaints and performing troubleshooting is stored for up to 90 days. After this defined time window, the data is automatically deleted. This applies unless mandatory legislation requires continued storage.
If you wish to exercise your legal right to have your personal data deleted or to obtain a digitally readable report of the personal data stored in the system, you can submit a request directly in the app. Follow the instructions under the heading "More... / Personal Data Management" in the app's main menu. If you don’t have access to the app you can also delete your personal data by using this link:
https://mobitime.se/cgi/mt/gdpr/request/delete
You can correct stored information by deleting individual historical searches, favorite stops, tickets, or payment methods in the app. It is also possible to change the phone number and email address for a user account in the app.
If you wish to object to your personal data being processed for marketing purposes, you can do so by stopping incoming notifications for the app in your phone's settings. It is also possible to reply "stop" to any SMS messages.
If you have any questions or need assistance regarding privacy issues, please contact your local PTA or email
dataskyddsombud@infospread.se
This privacy policy is effective from 2018-05-01, revised 2024-12-04.
©
Infospread Euro AB