Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Use (Website)
Disclosure Policy
Cookie Notice
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Accessibility Statement
Modern Slavery Statement
Supplier Code of Conduct
Human Rights Policy
Transparency in Coverage
EU Digital Services Act
Print page
Sprout Social, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 11, 2024
Sprout Social respects your right to privacy. This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. Our Privacy Policy applies to all users of Sprout Social websites and services, including but not limited to
www.sproutsocial.com
,
app.sproutsocial.com
,
influencer.sproutsocial.com
and
advocacy.sproutsocial.com
(depending on your use, the “
Site
” and/or the “
Service
”). For further information on the terms which govern your use of the respective Service, please see
https://sproutsocial.com/terms
or any service order you may have signed with us.
1. What does Sprout Social do?
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your information, then please contact us using the contact details provided in the “
How to Contact Us
” section of this Privacy Policy. Sprout Social is a provider of software for social media management, employee advocacy, analytics, listening, and influencer marketing headquartered in the U.S. For more information about Sprout Social, please see the “
About Us
” section of our Site at
https://sproutsocial.com/about/
.
2. Information Collected
We collect information about visitors to our Site, our customers and their users of the Service, users of our customers’ social media pages / properties, creators who use the Service, creators who do not use the Service, and job applicants. Such information is collected from the following sources:
Information We Collect Directly from You
: The type of information that we collect directly from you varies based on your interaction with our Site and our Service. For example, we collect information directly from you when you register an account with us, liaise with us on a customer service issue, apply for a job, and complete an application or other forms on the Site and/or Service. We also collect information that you send us via any medium, including, but not limited to email address and phone number. In addition, we collect information about you from your social media interactions on third party social media properties, such as your social media handle, username, profile, postings, and messages you exchange with our customers.
Information We Receive from Customers
: We receive information from customers in order to provide our Service. Such information may include a user’s social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by user), and messages or communications with our customers. We collect information from individuals employed by our customers such as their contact information in order to provide our Service.
Information We Receive from Creators Who Use the Service
: We receive information from creators who use the Service in order to provide our Service. Such information may include their contact information, social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by user), and messages or communications.
Information We Receive About Creators Who Do Not Use the Service
: We receive information about creators who do not use the Service in order to provide our Service. Such information may include their contact information, social media handle, username, profile picture, biography, follower counts, website URL, first and last name (if provided by the creator), and messages or communications. We receive this information from various sources, including our customers, creators who use the Service, third-party data providers and publicly available sources.
3. Information Collected Automatically
When you visit our Site or use our Service, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. This information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), third party webpages accessed via the Service and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Site (including the pages accessed and links clicked) or Service (including content accessed). Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Site or use our Service, where they come from, and what content and functionality is of interest to them. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Site and/or Service to our visitors and users. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
” below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
4. Information from Other Sources
We also collect information from other sources. The following are the categories of sources we collect information from:
Data brokers or resellers from which we purchase data to verify and supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when you engage with our content, reference our Site or Service, or grant us permission to access information from the social networks.
Partners that offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities.
Customers that provide us with information which we process as a service provider.
Creators who use the Service and provide us information through the Service.
5. Do-Not-Track
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this Privacy Policy (e.g., by disabling cookies, or using private browsing modes).
6. Use of Information
Sprout Social processes information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Our business purposes for collecting and using information, including in the last 12 months, include the following:
Operate and improve the Site and Service;
Provide the Service and other products and services that may be requested or could be of interest;
Facilitate subscription processing, reviews and analysis;
Evaluate user interest and needs in order to improve the Service and make available other offers, products or services;
Record calls for quality, training and Service improvement purposes (upon receipt of consent where required by applicable law);
Evaluate the types of offers, products or services we make available;
Monitor use of the Service, including for troubleshooting and product improvement purposes;
Provide customer support;
Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to users through email or other means, such as special offers, announcements, and marketing materials;
Conduct online research surveys regarding the Site and/or Service;
Combine datasets to create aggregated data for internal evaluation and analysis;
Share anonymized or personalized tokens across the Sprout Social, Influencer Marketing and Employee Advocacy platforms in order to provide the Service;
Send you reminders, technical notices, updates, product announcements, security alerts and support and administrative messages, service bulletins, or marketing;
Provide advertisements to you through email messages;
As necessary to consider your job application for open positions, process your employment and education history, transcript, writing samples, and references;
Manage our everyday business needs such as Site and/or Service administration, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations, legal terms and any other contractual agreement relating to our Service or to comply with the law; and
Fulfill any other business or commercial purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see “
Your Data Protection Rights
” below.
7. Categories of Third Parties With Whom We May Share Your Information
We share information we collect in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The following are the categories of recipients:
to our affiliates, service providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site or Service), or who otherwise process information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or for which we provide you notice when we collect your information. We share information with our affiliates for business and commercial purposes. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the services for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
to our customers (including information pertaining to customer end-users as well as internal personnel and creators who may be relevant to their influencer marketing) in order to effectively provide our social media management, social advocacy, social analytics, influencer marketing and social listening services and to manage the customer relationship. For example, we share information with our customers in order to facilitate the processing of their orders, maintain and administer their online accounts, respond to their questions and comments, comply with their requests, help them identify and connect with creators they want to work with, market and advertise to them and otherwise comply with our contractual obligations and with applicable law;
to creators who use the Service (including information pertaining to other creators and customers who may be interested in working with them) in order to effectively provide our, influencer marketing services and to manage their account. For example, we share information with creators who use the Service in order to help them identify and connect with customers they want to work with, maintain and administer their online accounts, respond to their questions and comments, comply with their requests, market and advertise to them and otherwise comply with our terms and with applicable law;
to local information technology resellers in certain countries where permitted by applicable law. We may provide contact information of customers / potential customers to such reseller to market our Service.
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or court order or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to a potential buyer (and its agents, investors, and/or advisors) in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy;
to vendors for business and commercial purposes, including analytics and advertising technology companies. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. For more information on advertising and analytics, see the “
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
” section below;
to any other person with notice to you and your consent to the disclosure;
when you voluntarily enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, we share information as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials;
when you make information public through the Site or Service, such as information in your profile or that you post or comment on public boards, including through Disqus and social media, your information is publicly viewable. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to additional rights set out in the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section below; and
when you request or direct us to share information, such as when you choose to share information with a social network or other third party platform about your activities on the Service, which may require you to accept such third party’s terms of use or privacy policy.
Please note the Service uses third-party services, and if you use these third-party services through the Service, you are subject to the privacy policies of these third-party services (as applicable), including but not limited to:
Third-Party Service
Location
X Privacy Policy
https://x.com/en/privacy
Meta Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Instagram Data Policy
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/privacy-policy
TikTok Privacy Policy
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en
Pinterest Privacy Policy
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
YouTube Privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Reddit Privacy Policy
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
Google Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Twitch Privacy Notice
https://www.twitch.tv/p/en/legal/privacy-notice/
Notwithstanding the above, we may share information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. When information is de-identified (as defined by the CCPA), we maintain policies and technical procedures to avoid reidentification of such information. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you, please see the “
Your Data Protection Rights
” section below. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
8. Data Retention
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it in accordance with our data retention policy, or, in the limited circumstances where this is not possible (for example, because your information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
9. Sensitive personal information
The terms that govern your use of the Service prohibit you from providing Sprout Social with sensitive personal information as that term is defined under applicable law.
10. Legal basis for processing personal data (EEA or UK visitors / users only)
If you are a visitor or user from the European Economic Area or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you.
If we ask you to provide personal data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal data in reliance of our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below.
11. Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
We also use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Service. In addition, we also use audience matching services to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our Service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“
Matched Ads
”). This is done by us uploading a customer list to a technology service or incorporating a pixel from a technology service into our own Service, and the technology service matching common factors between our data and their data. For instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel on our Service and may share your email address with Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences.
Google provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
.
To opt out of us using your data for Matched Ads, please click the “
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
” link. You can also set your browser to send a Global Privacy Control signal that communicates to us that you would like to opt-out of Matched Ads. Please note that opting out of Matched Ads does not mean that you will stop seeing ads. You will still see ads related to the Services, but you will stop receiving ads that are personalized to you.
As indicated above, vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
12. Social Media and Technology Integrations
We offer parts of our Service through websites, platforms, and services operated or controlled by separate entities. In addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate entities into parts of our Site and Service. Some examples include:
Links
. Our Site and Service includes links that hyperlink to websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us.
Liking, Sharing, and Logging-In
. We may embed a pixel or SDK on our Site or Service that allows you to “like” or “share” content on, or log-in to your account through social media. If you choose to engage with such integration, we may receive information from the social network that you have authorized to share with us. Please note that the social network may independently collect information about you through the integration.
Brand Pages and Chatbots
. We may offer our content through social media. Any information you provide to us when you engage with our content (such as through our brand page or via our chatbot on the Site or Service) is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, if you publicly reference our Service on social media (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with Sprout Social in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our Site or Service.
Please note that when you interact with other entities, including when you leave our Site or Service, those entities may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by those entities remains subject to their own policies, terms, and practices, including what information they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
13. Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Note that if you submit a request to delete your information, this may prohibit you from using the Site and/or Service. If you have authorized us to access your data via the YouTube API Services, then in addition to our normal procedure for deleting stored data, you may revoke our access to your data via the Google security settings page, located at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data, or request portability of your personal data. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Note that if you submit such a request, this may prohibit you from using the Site and/or Service.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
How to Contact Us
” heading below. Please note that your opt out is limited to the email address, device, and phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Where we process your information solely on behalf of a customer, we may be legally required to forward your request directly to our customer and/or social media business partners for their review / handling. Residents of certain states may have additional rights as set out in Section 23 (“
Additional Disclosures for California, Colorado, and Virginia Residents
”) below.
14. Security & User ID/Password
Our Site and/or Service implements and maintains various reasonable and appropriate administrative, physical, and technical security safeguards to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. These security safeguards include, but are not limited to, network and host security controls (e.g., firewalls, intrusion detection systems, etc.), data encryption (both at rest and during transmission), and operating procedures that are designed to protect your information. You should protect your user ID and password and NOT share it with anyone. Additionally, we recommend enabling two-step verification or SSO integration where available. If you believe your user ID and password have been compromised or you have trouble changing your user ID/password on the Site or Service, please contact our technical support department (
support@sproutsocial.com
). Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information about you.
15. CAN-SPAM Compliance Notice (U.S. users only)
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you. You may opt-out of promotional communications by following the unsubscribe or opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you emails about your account or any Service you have requested or received from us.
16. International Transfers
Your information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. For example, if you are a resident of Canada, your personal information may be transferred to the United States for processing. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, our servers are located in the United States, and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that your information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable legal requirements. These include our use of European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses (along with the UK Addendum, where appropriate) and, as applicable, our commitment (and commitments made by third party transferees) to honor the principles set forth in the Data Privacy Frameworks (defined below), to the extent each such Data Privacy Framework is accepted as a lawful mechanism under which personal data can transfer in compliance with applicable laws.
17. Transfers Outside the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland
Sprout Social, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, “
Data Privacy Frameworks
”). Sprout Social has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “
DPF Principles
”).** If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
With respect to any personal information received or transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Data Privacy Frameworks, Sprout Social is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Where Sprout Social, Inc. transfers your personal information to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf, it shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles (unless Sprout Social Inc is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage).
18. Contacting Us, Complaints and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the DPF Principles, Sprout Social, Inc. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EEA, UK, and Swiss individuals with privacy inquiries or complaints should first contact us by email at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
. We will work to resolve your issue and will respond within 45 days of receipt. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
Sprout Social has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. Sprout Social commits to cooperate with EEA, UK and Swiss data protection authorities and comply with advice given by such authorities with respect to human resources data transferred from the European Union in the context of any employment relationship with an EEA, UK or Swiss individual.
19. Privacy Complaints in Brazil
In circumstances in which Brazil law is controlling, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information. We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints to an independent dispute resolution mechanism.
20. Children
This Service is intended for a general audience and is not directed at children under thirteen (13) years of age.
Consistent with the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent. Any person who provides their personal information to us through our Site or Service represents that they are at least 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
. We will remove the data to the extent required by applicable laws.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share,” as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, you can ask us to remove any content or information you have posted on the Service. To make a request, email us at the email address set out in the “
How to Contact Us
” section with “California Under 18 Content Removal Request” in the subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
21. Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada law (SB 220), permits customers in Nevada to opt-out of the sale of certain kinds of personal information. A sale under Nevada law is the transfer of this personal information to third parties for monetary consideration. Sprout Social does not sell your personal information to third parties as defined in Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
22. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
23. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
If you have a disability and would like to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
If you have a privacy concern or complaint, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@sproutsocial.com
. When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
24. Additional Disclosures for California, Colorado, and Virginia Residents
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the following terms shall have the following meaning:
“
Targeted advertising
” or “
Cross-context behavioral advertising
” means displaying advertisements to a consumer where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such consumer’s preferences or interests.
“
Sale
” means renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
“
Profiling
” means any form of automated processing of personal information to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person and in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
US data protection laws grant California, Colorado, and Virginia residents the following data rights:
Notice of Collection.
In the 12 months prior to the last update of this Privacy Policy, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, including name, email address, phone number account name, IP address, and an ID or number assigned to your account.
Customer records
, billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information.
Commercial information
, including purchases and engagement with the Service.
Internet activity
, including your interactions with our Service.
Audio or visual data
, including pictures or videos you post on our Service.
Employment and education data
, including information you provide when you apply for a job with us.
Inferences
, including information about your interests, preferences and favorites.
For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the
Information Collected
and
Information Collected Automatically
sections. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the
Use of Information
section, including to provide and manage our Service.
Sprout Social does not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. However, to the extent “sale” or “sharing” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in the
Cookies, similar tracking technology, and analytics
section as a “sale” or “sharing,” we will comply with applicable law as to such activity.
Sprout Social discloses the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation data and inferences. We may disclose each of the foregoing categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in this Privacy Policy to the extent permitted by applicable law to the categories of third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, which may include our service providers and suppliers; our business and marketing partners, including advertising networks, data analytics providers, data brokers, and social networks; and other parties in connection with business transfers and for legal, safety, fraud prevention, and enforcement reasons. We use and partner with different types of entities to assist with our daily operations and manage our Service.
We may share your personal information with government entities when required to do so by law. Please review the
To Whom We Share Your Information
section for more detail about the parties we have shared information with.
We retain the personal information we collect for as long as it is necessary to complete the commercial purposes for which it was collected. Once the information is no longer necessary, we will delete it or de-identify/anonymize this data so that it no longer identifies a particular individual.
Right to Know and Delete.
Consumers who are California, Colorado, or Virginia residents have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected about them (subject to certain exemptions) and the right to know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. Specifically, you have the right to request the following from us:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
To exercise any of these rights, please email us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
, submit a request through our online form available on our Help Center if you are a customer or user, or call our toll free number at (866) 878-3231. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require additional information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. The verification steps may vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.
We may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate your requests. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, for purposes of these requests under this Section, personal information does not include information we have collected as a service provider to our customers.
If personal information about you has been processed by us as a service provider on behalf of a customer and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please inquire with our customer directly. If you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide the name of our customer on whose behalf we processed your personal information. We will refer your request to that customer.
Right to Correct.
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we have collected about you. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will review your request, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information to see if we can correct the data. We may also request additional information showing that the information you want to correct is inaccurate.
Right to Opt-Out.
You have the right to opt-out of processing of your Personal Information for the purpose of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information, or (iii) profiling to provide you with tailored content, including suggested advertising. You may submit a request to opt-out by clicking
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
. You may also submit a request to opt-out by calling our toll-free number at (866) 878-3231 or by emailing us at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
Authorized Agent.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights.
25. California Shine the Light.
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. In particular, the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Sprout Social pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via email at
privacy@sproutsocial.com
.
26. Virginia and Colorado Residents
If you make a request to exercise any of the above data access rights and we are unable to comply with your request, you may request to appeal our decision. To appeal any data privacy request decision, please contact us by emailing privacy@sproutsocial.com with the subject line “Data Access Request Appeal.” If after you complete the appeal process with us, you are still not satisfied with our response, you may contact your Attorney General to file a complaint. Below are the contact information for the appropriate entity where you can inquire about filing an appeal:
Virginia residents:
Office of the Attorney General
202 North 9th Street
Richmond, Virginia 23219
Phone: (804) 786-2071
https://www.oag.state.va.us/
Colorado residents:
Office of the Attorney General
Colorado Department of Law
Ralph L. Carr Judicial Building
1300 Broadway, 10th Floor
Denver, CO 80203
(720) 508-6000
https://coag.gov/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://x.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
WhatsApp Privacy Policy
Effective January 4, 2021
archived versions
If you live in the
European Region
, WhatsApp Ireland Limited provides the Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
If you live in the
UK
, WhatsApp LLC provides the Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
WhatsApp Legal Info
If you live outside the
European Region
or the
UK
, WhatsApp LLC ("WhatsApp," "our," "we," or "us") provides our Services to you under this
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") helps explain our data practices, including the information we process to provide our Services.
For example, our Privacy Policy talks about what information we collect and how this affects you. It also explains the steps we take to protect your privacy, like building our Services so delivered messages aren’t stored by us and giving you control over who you communicate with on our Services.
We are one of the
Meta Companies
. You can learn more further below in this Privacy Policy about the ways in which we share information across this family of companies.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services unless specified otherwise.
Please also read WhatsApp’s
Terms of Service
("Terms"), which describe the terms under which you use and we provide our Services.
Back to top
Key Updates
Respect for your privacy is coded into our DNA. Since we started WhatsApp, we’ve built our services with a set of strong privacy principles in mind. In our updated
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
you’ll find:
Additional Information On How We Handle Your Data
. Our updated Terms and Privacy Policy provide more information on how we process your data, and our commitment to privacy. For example, we’ve added more information about more recent product features and functionalities, how we process your data for safety, security, and integrity, and added more direct links to user settings, Help Center articles and how you can manage your information.
Better Communication With Businesses
. Many businesses rely on WhatsApp to communicate with their customers and clients. We work with businesses that use Meta or third parties to help store and better manage their communications with you on WhatsApp.
Making It Easier To Connect
. As part of the
Meta Companies
, WhatsApp partners with Meta to offer experiences and integrations across Meta’s family of apps and products.
Back to top
Information We Collect
WhatsApp must receive or collect some information to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services.
The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use our Services. We require certain information to deliver our Services and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide your mobile phone number to create an account to use our Services.
Our Services have optional features which, if used by you, require us to collect additional information to provide such features. You will be notified of such collection, as appropriate. If you choose not to provide the information needed to use a feature, you will be unable to use the feature. For example, you cannot share your location with your contacts if you do not permit us to collect your location data from your device. Permissions can be managed through your Settings menu on both Android and iOS devices.
Information You Provide
Your Account Information
. You must provide your mobile phone number and basic information (including a profile name of your choice) to create a WhatsApp account. If you don’t provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services. You can add other information to your account, such as a profile picture and "about" information.
Your Messages
. We do not retain your messages in the ordinary course of providing our Services to you. Instead, your messages are stored on your device and not typically stored on our servers. Once your messages are delivered, they are deleted from our servers. The following scenarios describe circumstances where we may store your messages in the course of delivering them:
Undelivered Messages
. If a message cannot be delivered immediately (for example, if the recipient is offline), we keep it in encrypted form on our servers for up to 30 days as we try to deliver it. If a message is still undelivered after 30 days, we delete it.
Media Forwarding
. When a user forwards media within a message, we store that media temporarily in encrypted form on our servers to aid in more efficient delivery of additional forwards.
We offer end-to-end encryption for our Services. End-to-end encryption means that your messages are encrypted to protect against us and third parties from reading them. Learn more about
end-to-end encryption
and
how businesses communicate with you on WhatsApp
.
Your Connections
. You can use the contact upload feature and provide us, if permitted by applicable laws, with the phone numbers in your address book on a regular basis, including those of users of our Services and your other contacts. If any of your contacts aren’t yet using our Services, we’ll manage this information for you in a way that ensures those contacts cannot be identified by us. Learn more about our contact upload feature
here
. You can create, join, or get added to groups and broadcast lists, and such groups and lists get associated with your account information. You give your groups a name. You can provide a group profile picture or description.
Status Information
. You may provide us your status if you choose to include one on your account. Learn how to use status on
Android
,
iPhone
, or
KaiOS
.
Transactions And Payments Data
. If you use our payments services, or use our Services meant for purchases or other financial transactions, we process additional information about you, including payment account and transaction information. Payment account and transaction information includes information needed to complete the transaction (for example, information about your payment method, shipping details and transaction amount). If you use our payments services available in your country or territory, our privacy practices are described in the applicable payments privacy policy.
Customer Support And Other Communications
. When you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, you may provide us with information related to your use of our Services, including copies of your messages, any other information you deem helpful, and how to contact you (e.g., an email address). For example, you may send us an email with information relating to app performance or other issues.
Automatically Collected Information
Usage And Log Information
. We collect information about your activity on our Services, like service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes information about your activity (including how you use our Services, your Services settings, how you interact with others using our Services (including when you interact with a business), and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities and interactions), log files, and diagnostic, crash, website, and performance logs and reports. This also includes information about when you registered to use our Services; the features you use like our messaging, calling, Status, groups (including group name, group picture, group description), payments or business features; profile photo, "about" information; whether you are online, when you last used our Services (your "last seen"); and when you last updated your "about" information.
Device And Connection Information
. We collect device and connection-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. This includes information such as hardware model, operating system information, battery level, signal strength, app version, browser information, mobile network, connection information (including phone number, mobile operator or ISP), language and time zone, IP address, device operations information, and identifiers (including identifiers unique to
Meta Company Products
associated with the same device or account).
Location Information
. We collect and use precise location information from your device with your permission when you choose to use
location-related features
, like when you decide to share your location with your contacts or view locations nearby or locations others have shared with you. There are certain settings relating to location-related information which you can find in your device settings or the in-app settings, such as location sharing. Even if you do not use our location-related features, we use IP addresses and other information like phone number area codes to estimate your general location (e.g., city and country). We also use your location information for diagnostics and troubleshooting purposes.
Cookies
. We use cookies to operate and provide our Services, including to provide our Services that are web-based, improve your experiences, understand how our Services are being used, and customize them. For example, we use cookies to provide our Services for web and desktop and other web-based services. We may also use cookies to understand which of our Help Center articles are most popular and to show you relevant content related to our Services. Additionally, we may use cookies to remember your choices, like your language preferences, to provide a safer experience, and otherwise to customize our Services for you.
Learn more
about how we use cookies to provide you our Services.
Back to top
Third-Party Information
Information Others Provide About You
. We receive information about you from other users. For example, when other users you know use our Services, they may provide your phone number, name, and other information (like information from their mobile address book) just as you may provide theirs. They may also send you messages, send messages to groups to which you belong, or call you. We require each of these users to have lawful rights to collect, use, and share your information before providing any information to us.
You should keep in mind that in general any user can capture screenshots of your chats or messages or make recordings of your calls with them and send them to WhatsApp or anyone else, or post them on another platform.
User Reports
. Just as you can report other users, other users or third parties may also choose to report to us your interactions and your messages with them or others on our Services; for example, to report possible violations of our Terms or policies. When a report is made, we collect information on both the reporting user and reported user. To find out more about what happens when a user report is made, please see
Advanced Safety and Security Features
.
Businesses On WhatsApp
. Businesses you interact with using our Services may provide us with information about their interactions with you. We require each of these businesses to act in accordance with applicable law when providing any information to us.
When you message with a business on WhatsApp, keep in mind that the content you share may be visible to several people in that business. In addition, some businesses might be working with third-party service providers (which may include Meta) to help manage their communications with their customers. For example, a business may give such third-party service provider access to its communications to send, store, read, manage, or otherwise process them for the business. To understand how a business processes your information, including how it might share your information with third parties or Meta, you should review that business’ privacy policy or contact the business directly.
Third-Party Service Providers
. We work with third-party service providers and other
Meta Companies
to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. For example, we work with them to distribute our apps; provide our technical and physical infrastructure, delivery, and other systems; provide engineering support, cybersecurity support, and operational support; supply location, map, and places information; process payments; help us understand how people use our Services; market our Services; help you connect with businesses using our Services; conduct surveys and research for us; ensure safety, security, and integrity; and help with customer service. These companies may provide us with information about you in certain circumstances; for example, app stores may provide us with reports to help us diagnose and fix service issues.
The "
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
" section below provides more information about how WhatsApp collects and shares information with the other
Meta Companies
.
Third-Party Services
. We allow you to use our Services in connection with third-party services and
Meta Company Products
. If you use our Services with such third-party services or
Meta Company Products
, we may receive information about you from them; for example, if you use the WhatsApp share button on a news service to share a news article with your WhatsApp contacts, groups, or broadcast lists on our Services, or if you choose to access our Services through a mobile carrier’s or device provider’s promotion of our Services. Please note that when you use third-party services or
Meta Company Products
, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
Back to top
How We Use Information
We use information we have (subject to choices you make and applicable law) to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. Here's how:
Our Services
. We use information we have to operate and provide our Services, including providing customer support; completing purchases or transactions; improving, fixing, and customizing our Services; and connecting our Services with
Meta Company Products
that you may use. We also use information we have to understand how people use our Services; evaluate and improve our Services; research, develop, and test new services and features; and conduct troubleshooting activities. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Safety, Security, And Integrity
. Safety, security, and integrity are an integral part of our Services. We use information we have to verify accounts and activity; combat harmful conduct; protect users against bad experiences and spam; and promote safety, security, and integrity on and off our Services, such as by investigating suspicious activity or violations of our Terms and policies, and to ensure our Services are being used legally. Please see the
Law, Our Rights and Protection
section below for more information.
Communications About Our Services And
The Meta Companies
. We use information we have to communicate with you about our Services and let you know about our terms, policies, and other important updates. We may provide you marketing for our Services and those of the
Meta Companies
.
No Third-Party Banner Ads
. We still do not allow third-party banner ads on our Services. We have no intention to introduce them, but if we ever do, we will update this Privacy Policy.
Business Interactions
. We enable you and third parties, like businesses, to communicate and interact with each other using our Services, such as
Catalogs
for businesses on WhatsApp through which you can browse products and services and place orders. Businesses may send you transaction, appointment, and shipping notifications; product and service updates; and marketing. For example, you may receive flight status information for upcoming travel, a receipt for something you purchased, or a notification when a delivery will be made. Messages you receive from a business could include an offer for something that might interest you. We do not want you to have a spammy experience; as with all of your messages, you can manage these communications, and we will honor the choices you make.
Back to top
Information You And We Share
You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Send Your Information To Those With Whom You Choose To Communicate
. You share your information (including messages) as you use and communicate through our Services.
Information Associated With Your Account
. Your phone number, profile name and photo, "about" information, last seen information, and message receipts are available to anyone who uses our Services, although you can configure your Services settings to manage certain information available to other users, including businesses, with whom you communicate.
Your Contacts And Others
. Users, including businesses, with whom you communicate can store or reshare your information (including your phone number or messages) with others on and off our Services. You can use your Services settings and the “block” feature in our Services to manage who you communicate with on our Services and certain information you share.
Businesses On WhatsApp
. We offer specific services to businesses such as providing them with metrics regarding their use of our Services.
Third-Party Service Providers
. We work with third-party service providers and other
Meta Companies
to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. We work with these companies to support our Services, such as to provide technical infrastructure, delivery and other systems; market our Services; conduct surveys and research for us; protect the safety, security, and integrity of users and others; and assist with customer service. When we share information with third-party service providers and other
Meta Companies
in this capacity, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
Third-Party Services
. When you or others use third-party services or other
Meta Company Products
that are integrated with our Services, those third-party services may receive information about what you or others share with them. For example, if you use a data backup service integrated with our Services (like iCloud or Google Account), they will receive information you share with them, such as your WhatsApp messages. If you interact with a third-party service or another
Meta Company Product
linked through our Services, such as when you use the in-app player to play content from a third-party platform, information about you, like your IP address and the fact that you are a WhatsApp user, may be provided to such third party or
Meta Company Product
. Please note that when you use third-party services or other
Meta Company Products
, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
Back to top
How We Work With Other Meta Companies
As part of the
Meta Companies
, WhatsApp receives information from, and shares information (see
here
) with, the other
Meta Companies
. We may use the information we receive from them, and they may use the information we share with them, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services and their offerings, including the
Meta Company Products
. This includes:
helping improve infrastructure and delivery systems;
understanding how our Services or theirs are used;
promoting safety, security, and integrity across the
Meta Company Products
, e.g., securing systems and fighting spam, threats, abuse, or infringement activities;
improving their services and your experiences using them, such as making suggestions for you (for example, of friends or group connections, or of interesting content), personalizing features and content, helping you complete purchases and transactions, and showing relevant offers and ads across the
Meta Company Products
; and
providing integrations which enable you to connect your WhatsApp experiences with other
Meta Company Products
. For example, allowing you to connect your Facebook Pay account to pay for things on WhatsApp or enabling you to chat with your friends on other
Meta Company Products
, such as Portal, by connecting your WhatsApp account.
Learn more about the other
Meta Companies
and their privacy practices by reviewing their privacy policies.
Back to top
Assignment, Change Of Control, And Transfer
In the event that we are involved in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, bankruptcy, or sale of all or some of our assets, we will share your information with the successor entities or new owners in connection with the transaction in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Back to top
Managing And Retaining Your Information
You can access or port your information using our in-app Request Account Info feature (available under Settings > Account). For iPhone users, you can learn how to
access
,
manage
, and
delete
your information through our
iPhone Help Center articles
. For Android users, you can learn how to
access
,
manage
, and
delete
your information through our
Android Help Center articles
.
We store information for as long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, including to provide our Services or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, or protecting or defending our rights, property, and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on factors like the nature of the information, why it is collected and processed, relevant legal or operational retention needs, and legal obligations.
If you would like to further manage, change, limit, or delete your information, you can do that through the following tools:
Services Settings
. You can change your Services settings to manage certain information available to other users. You can manage your contacts, groups, and broadcast lists, or use our “block” feature to manage the users with whom you communicate.
Changing Your Mobile Phone Number, Profile Name And Picture, And “About” Information
. If you change your mobile phone number, you must update it using our in-app change number feature and transfer your account to your new mobile phone number. You can also change your profile name, profile picture, and "about" information at any time.
Deleting Your WhatsApp Account
. You can delete your WhatsApp account at any time (including if you want to revoke your consent to our use of your information pursuant to applicable law) using our in-app delete my account feature. When you delete your WhatsApp account, your undelivered messages are deleted from our servers as well as any of your other information we no longer need to operate and provide our Services. Deleting your account will, for example, delete your account info and profile photo, delete you from all WhatsApp groups, and delete your WhatsApp message history. Be mindful that if you only delete WhatsApp from your device without using our in-app delete my account feature, your information will be stored with us for a longer period. Please remember that when you delete your account, it does not affect your information related to the groups you created or the information other users have relating to you, such as their copy of the messages you sent them.
You can learn more
here
about our data deletion and retention practices and about how to delete your account.
Back to top
Law, Our Rights, And Protection
We access, preserve, and share your information described in the "
Information We Collect
" section of this Privacy Policy above if we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to: (a) respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, legal process, or government requests; (b) enforce our Terms and any other applicable terms and policies, including for investigations of potential violations; (c) detect, investigate, prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activity or security, and technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, WhatsApp, the other
Meta Companies
, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Back to top
Our Global Operations
WhatsApp shares information globally, both internally within the
Meta Companies
and externally with our partners and service providers, and with those with whom you communicate around the world, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your information may, for example, be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States; countries or territories where the
Meta Companies’
affiliates and partners, or our service providers are located; or any other country or territory globally where our Services are provided outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. WhatsApp uses Meta’s global infrastructure and data centers, including in the United States. These transfers are necessary to provide the global Services set forth in our Terms. Please keep in mind that the countries or territories to which your information is transferred may have different privacy laws and protections than what you have in your home country or territory.
Back to top
Updates To Our Policy
We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. We will provide you notice of amendments to this Privacy Policy, as appropriate, and update the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Back to top
Contact Us
If you have questions or issues about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.
WhatsApp LLC
Privacy Policy
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, California 94025
United States of America
Back to top
Sub-policy 4
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/us/privacy-policy/en:
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Your Rights
Your Choices
Data Security and Retention
Children and Teens
Other Rights
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
U.S.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Aug 19, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Inc. (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users and other individuals age 13 and over in connection with our Platform. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users under age 13 (“Children”), please refer to our
Children’s Privacy Policy
. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process consumer health data as defined under Washington’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws, please refer to the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
Terms of Service
.
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Your Rights
Your Choices
Data Security and Retention
Children and Teens
Other Rights
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
What Information We Collect
We may collect information from and about you, including information that you provide, information from other sources, and automatically collected information.
Information You Provide
When you create an account, upload content, contact us directly, or otherwise use the Platform, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Account and profile information, such as name, age, username, password, language, email, phone number, social media account information, and profile image.
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, livestreams, audio recordings, videos, text, hashtags, and virtual item videos that you choose to create with or upload to the Platform (“User Content”) and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created. Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. When you create User Content, we may upload or import it to the Platform before you save or post the User Content (also known as pre-uploading), for example, in order to recommend audio options, generate captions, and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
Messages, which include information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send through our chat functionality when communicating with sellers who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
Information, including text, images, and videos, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate information sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard onto the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Purchase information, including payment card numbers or other third-party payment information (such as PayPal) where required for the purpose of payment, and billing and shipping address. We also collect information that is required for extended warranty purposes and your transaction and purchase history on or through the Platform.
Your phone and social network contacts, with your permission. If you choose to find other users through your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
Your choices and communication preferences.
Information to verify an account such as proof of identity or age.
Information in correspondence you send to us, including when you contact us for support.
Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, research, promotions, marketing campaigns, events, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
If you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Platform using a third-party service such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google, or link your TikTok account to a third-party service, we may collect information from the service–for example, your public profile information (such as nickname), email, and contact list.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel).
We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platform.
We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us.
We may also collect or receive information about you from organizations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organizations, and charity groups.
Automatically Collected Information
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including internet or other network activity information such as your IP address, geolocation-related data, unique device identifiers, browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), and
Cookies
.
Usage Information.
We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through or upload to our Platform.
Device Information.
We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
Location Data.
We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your User Content. Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, we may collect such information.
Image and Audio Information.
We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations. We may collect biometric identifiers and biometric information as defined under U.S. laws, such as faceprints and voiceprints, from your User Content. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection. Click
here
to learn more.
Metadata.
When you upload or create User Content, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content. Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content that will not always be evident to the viewer. For example, in connection with your User Content the metadata can describe how, when, where, and by whom the piece of User Content was created, collected, or modified and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back the User Content to your user account. Additionally, metadata includes data that you choose to provide with your User Content, e.g., any hashtags used to mark keywords to the video and captions.
Cookies.
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “
Your Choices
” section below.
We may link your contact or account information with your activity on and off our Platform across all your devices, using your email or other log-in or device information. We may use this information to display advertisements on our Platform tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our service providers and business partners, and the information practices of these service providers and business partners are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above. Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information
As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the
Information We Collect
:
To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
To customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
To send promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements we serve to you and others and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
To make suggestions and provide a customized ad experience.
To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function), to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform.
To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
To infer additional information about you, such as your age, gender, and interests.
To help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform.
To promote the safety and security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
To verify your identity in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Business Account, to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law), or in other instances where verification may be required.
To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
To combine all the
Information We Collect
or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes.
To facilitate sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Profiling:
We do not engage in profiling which results in legal or similarly significant effects, as defined under applicable law.
How We Share Your Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and while TikTok does not sell your personal information or share your personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising where restricted by applicable law, we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the
Information We Collect
for business purposes.
Service Providers and Business Partners
We share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, sending communications, advertising and marketing services, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, and data processing. These service providers and business partners may include:
Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but who do not receive your message data, including, in particular, the following third-party payment providers/processors: PayPal (
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
) and Stripe (
https://stripe.com/en-ie/privacy
).
Customer and technical support providers, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Researchers who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Advertising, marketing, and analytics vendors, who may receive the
Information You Provide
,
Information From Other Sources
, and
Automatically Collected Information
but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Within Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group, which are given limited remote access to
Information We Collect
as necessary to enable them to provide certain important functions. To learn more about how we share information with certain corporate group entities, see
here
.
In Connection with a Sale, Merger, or Other Business Transfer
We may share all of the
Information We Collect
in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sales, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
For Legal Reasons
We may disclose any of the
Information We Collect
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of the Platform, our affiliates, users, or the public. We may also share any of the
Information We Collect
to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law.
With Your Consent
We may share your information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or at your direction.
We partner with third-party services (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Google) to offer you a seamless sign-up, log-in, and content-sharing experience. We may share information about you with these third-party services if you choose to use these features. For example, the services may receive information about your activity on the Platform and may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while using the Platform. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.
When you make a purchase from a third party on the Platform, including from a seller selling products through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with that third party and their service providers and transaction fulfillment providers. By making the purchase, you are directing us to share your information in this way. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.
Your Rights
You may submit a request to know, access, correct or delete the information we have collected from or about you at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. You may also exercise your rights to know, access, correct, delete, or appealby sending your request to the physical address provided in the “
Contact Us
” section below. You can also update your account information directly through your in-app settings, as well as request a copy of your TikTok data or request to deactivate by following the instructions
here
or delete your account by following the instructions
here
.
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise choices on your behalf, please provide evidence that you have given such agent power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or to provide information necessary to verify your account.
More information about requests that we received can be found
here
.
While some of the information that we collect, use, and disclose may constitute sensitive personal information under applicable state privacy laws, such as information from users under the relevant age threshold, information you disclose in survey responses or in your User Content about your racial or ethnic origin, national origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual life or sexual orientation, status as transgender or nonbinary, citizenship or immigration status, or financial information, we only process such information in order to provide the Platform and within other exemptions under applicable law. For example, we may process your financial information in order to provide you the goods or services you request from us or your driver’s license number in order to verify your identity.
Your Choices
You may be able to control some of the
Information We Collect
through your device browser settings to refuse or disable
Cookies
. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. In addition, your choice to disable Cookies is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you disable Cookies, so you may need to separately disable Cookies for each type of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all of the requested services.
You can navigate to "Ads" in your in-app settings to opt-out of targeted advertising based on personal information about your activity on nonaffiliated apps and websites.
You may be able to manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by using the choices available at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Your device may have controls that determine what
Information We Collect
. For example, you can control whether we can collect your mobile advertising identifier for advertising through settings on your Apple and Android devices.
You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.
Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, you can prevent your device from sharing such information with the Platform at any time through your device’s operating system settings.
If you have registered for an account, you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
Some browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Data Security and Retention
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.
TikTok may transmit your data to its servers or data centers outside of the United States for storage and/or processing. Other entities with whom TikTok may share your data as described herein may be located outside of the United States.
Children and Teens
The privacy of Children is important to us. We provide a separate experience for Children in the United States, in which we collect and process only limited information. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of Children, please refer to our
Children’s Privacy Policy
.
The Platform otherwise is not directed at Children. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a Child, we will delete this information and terminate the Child’s account. If you believe there is a user who is below the age of 13, please contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback
.
If you are a parent or guardian, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use. As a parent or guardian, you can also request the deletion of the account of your underage child or download the account data of your underage child by contacting us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
If you are a parent or guardian, depending on your state of residence, you may have the ability to exercise certain rights over your child's or teen's account. For example, you may request the deletion of their accounts, download account data, or exercise other rights in connection with your child or teen by contacting us at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. We will address these requests in accordance with applicable law.
Other Rights
Sharing for Direct Marketing Purposes (Shine the Light)
If you are a California resident, once a calendar year, you may be entitled to obtain information about personal information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To submit a request, contact us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
.
Content Removal for Users Under 18
Users of the Platform who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of User Content they posted by contacting us at:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
. All requests must provide a description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. For example, User Content that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user.
Users of the Platform who are Connecticut residents and are under 18 years of age, and parents and guardians of users of the Platform who are Connecticut residents under 16 years of age, may request that we unpublish or delete their own account (for users aged 13 through 17) or their child’s account (for parents and guardians with teen users under 16) by following the instructions
here
.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of the new Privacy Policy, posting the new Privacy Policy, or providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to:
Contact us:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
Mailing Address: TikTok Inc., Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry, 5800 Bristol Parkway, Suite 100, Culver City, CA 90230
Sub-policy 5
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call Recordings
Non-User Notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective April 30, 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.
Account Information
: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can
learn more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inference
s. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third party platforms
: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
Respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement, or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Center
.
Access
: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Center
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”
: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile
,
Link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (like Facebook or Google),
Edit secret board settings
, and
Close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Center
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Center
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective Date outside EEA, UK, and Switzerland: March 13, 2024
Effective Date in EEA, UK, and Switzerland: April 30, 2024
Table of Contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your Rights and Choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 7
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Reddit Privacy Policy
We value your privacy
Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform.
              For more information, please see our
Cookie Notice
and our
Privacy Policy
.
Reddit Privacy Policy
All
User Agreement
Reddit Privacy Policy
Reddit Rules
Moderator Code of Conduct
Cookie Notice
Econ Terms
Previews Terms of Use
Creator Terms
Developer Terms
Data API Terms
Embeds Terms of Use
Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program
Trademark Use Policy
Transparency
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
Reddit's Anti-Slavery And Human Trafficking Statement
Earn Policy
Earn Terms
English (US)
Deutsch
English (US)
Español (ES)
Español (MX)
Français (FR)
Dutch (NL)
Italiano
Polski
Português (BR)
Português (PT)
Svenska (SE)
हिंदी
বাংলা
Filipino
ไทย
Revisions
August 16, 2024
February 15, 2024
July 31, 2023
November 15, 2022
September 12, 2021
October 15, 2020
January 10, 2020
June 8, 2018
December 12, 2017
Reddit Privacy Policy
Effective: August 16, 2024. Last Revised: August 16, 2024.
Introduction
At Reddit, we believe that privacy is a right. We want to empower our users to be the masters
      of their identity. In this privacy policy, we want to help you understand how and why Reddit
      (“Reddit,“ “we“ or “us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you use our
      websites, mobile apps, widgets, APIs, emails, and other online products and services
      (collectively, the “Services“) or when you otherwise interact with us or receive a
      communication from us.
We want this privacy policy to empower you to make better choices about how you use Reddit.
      We'd love for you to read the whole policy, but if you don't, here is the TL;DR:
Reddit is a public platform.
Reddit is a public platform. Our communities are largely public and anyone can see your
      profile, posts, and comments.
We collect minimal information about you.
We collect minimal information that can be used to identify you by default. If you want to
      just browse, you don't need an account. If you want to create an account to participate in a
      subreddit, we don't require you to give us your real name. We don't track your precise
      location. You can even browse
anonymously
. You can share as much or as little about yourself as you want when using Reddit.
We only use data to make Reddit a better place.
Any data we collect is used primarily to provide our Services, which are focused on allowing
      people to come together and form communities. We don't sell your personal data to third
      parties, and we never work with data brokers.
All of our users get privacy rights - not just those in select countries.
Privacy rights are for everyone. At Reddit, anyone can request a copy of their data, account
      deletion, or information about our policies.
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask.
We've tried our best to make this as easy to understand as possible but sometimes privacy
      policies are still confusing. If you need help understanding this policy or anything about
      Reddit,
just ask
.
Reddit Is a Public Platform
Much of the information on the Services is public and accessible to everyone, even without an
    account. By using the Services, you are directing us to share this information publicly and
    freely.
When you submit content (e.g., a post, comment, or chat message) to a public part of the
    Services, any visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see that content, the
    username associated with the content, and the date and time you originally submitted the
    content. That content and information may also be available in search results on Internet search
    engines like Google or in responses provided by an AI chatbot like OpenAI’s ChatGPT. You should
    take the public nature of the Services into consideration before posting.
Your Reddit account has a profile page that is public. Your profile contains information about
    your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma,
    trophies received, profile display name, about section, and social links, avatar or profile
    image, moderator, contributor, and Reddit Premium status, communities you are active in, and how
    long you have been a member of the Services (your cake day).
We offer social sharing features that let you share content or actions you take on our Services
    with other media. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with
    your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that
    provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data
    collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy
    policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g.,
Tumblr
,
Facebook
, and
X
).
Reddit allows moderators to access Reddit content using moderator bots and tools. Reddit also
    allows other third parties to access public Reddit content using Reddit’s developer services,
    including Reddit Embeds, our APIs, Developer Platform, and similar technologies. We limit
    third-party access to this content and require third parties to pay licensing fees for access to
    larger quantities of content. Reddit’s
Developer Terms
are our
    standard terms governing how these services are used by third parties. Please review our public
    content policy
here
for more information about how your public content is publicly available and accessible to
    anyone with access to the internet.
What Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us directly when you use the Services.
                      This includes:
Account information
You don't need an account to use Reddit. If you create a Reddit account,
                        your account will have a username, which you provide or which is
                        automatically generated. Your username is public, and it doesn't have to be
                        related to your real name. You may need to provide a password, depending on
                        whether you register using an email address, Single Sign-On (SSO) feature
                        (such as Apple or Google), or phone number. If your account does not have a
                        password, we may send you a SMS message for verification purposes. We may
                        also ask you to select interests during account creation (for example,
                        history, nature, sports) to help generate a home feed for you, or to select
                        communities (such as, r/technology) to join.
When you use Reddit, you may also provide other information, such as a bio,
                        gender, age, location, profile picture, or social link. This information is
                        optional and may be removed at any time.
We also store your user account preferences and settings. We may ask for
                        such information prior to you creating a username or account to help improve
                        your experience exploring Reddit.
Non-Public Content You Submit
In addition to the public content you submit to the Services, we also
                        collect non-public content. This includes your saved drafts of posts or
                        comments, your messages with other users (such as private messages, chats,
                        and modmail), and your reports and other communications with moderators and
                        with us. Your content may include text, links, images, gifs, audio, videos,
                        software, and tools.
Actions you take
We collect information about the actions you take when using the Services.
                        This includes your interactions with the platform and content, like voting,
                        saving, hiding, and reporting. It also includes your interactions with other
                        users, such as following, and blocking. We collect your interactions with
                        communities, like your subscriptions or moderator status.
Transactional information
If you purchase products or services from us or otherwise through the
                        Services, you will have to provide payment information in order to complete
                        your purchase. Reddit uses industry-standard payment processor services
                        (such as Stripe) to handle payment information, and those services are
                        subject to separate terms and conditions and privacy policies. We will
                        collect information about the product or service you are purchasing (for
                        example, purchase dates, amounts paid or received, and expiration and
                        renewal dates).
We may also collect public blockchain data and addresses, such as when you
                        purchase or create a Collectible Avatar, receive or mint an NFT, or create a
                        Reddit Vault. However, we never store Reddit Vault private key information.
Other information
You may choose to provide other information directly to us. For example, we
                        may collect information when you fill out a form, survey, participate in
                        Reddit-sponsored activities, promotions, or programs, apply for a job,
                        request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect
                      information about you. This includes:
Log and usage data
We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may
                        include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system,
                        referral URLs, device information (such as device IDs), device settings,
                        mobile carrier name, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and
                        search terms. Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit
                        will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days.
Information collected from cookies and similar technologies
We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your
                        browser stores and sends back to us when making requests, and similar
                        technologies. We use this information to deliver and maintain our Services,
                        improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and
                        advertisements, measure the effectiveness of advertising, and improve the
                        quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information
                        about your preferred language and other settings. See our
Cookie Notice
for more
                        information about how Reddit uses cookies. For more information on how you
                        can disable cookies, please see “Your Choices” below.
Location information
We may receive and process information about your location. We may receive
                        location information from you when you choose to share such information on
                        our Services, including via the Location Customization setting or by
                        associating your content with a location, or we may derive an approximate
                        location based on your IP address.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other
                      users and third parties, and combine that information with the other
                      information we have about you. For example, we may receive demographic or
                      interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers (such
                      as the fact that an advertiser is interested in showing you an ad), and
                      combine it with data you have provided to Reddit, using a common account
                      identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can
                      control how we use this information to personalize advertisements for you by
                      visiting the User Settings menu in your account, as described in the section
                      titled “Your Rights and Choices” below.
Linked services
If you authorize or link a third-party service, such as an unofficial mobile
                        app client, to access your Reddit account, Reddit receives information about
                        your use of that service when it uses that authorization. Linking services
                        may also cause the other service to send us information about your account
                        with that service. For example, if you sign in to Reddit with a third-party
                        identity provider, that provider may share an email address with us. To
                        learn how information is shared with linked services, see “How Information
                        About You Is Shared” below.
Information collected from integrations
We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and
                        cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services,
                        including our embeds and advertising technology. For example, when you visit
                        a site that uses
Reddit embeds
,
                        we may receive information about the web page you visited. Similarly, if an
                        advertiser incorporates Reddit’s ad technology, Reddit may receive limited
                        information about your activity on the advertiser’s site or app, such as
                        whether you bought something from the advertiser. You can control how we use
                        this information to personalize the Services for you as described in “Your
                        Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics” below.
Information Collected by Third Parties
Embedded content
Reddit displays some linked content in-line on the Services via embeds. For
                        example, Reddit posts that link to YouTube or X may load the linked video or
                        tweet within Reddit directly from those services to your device so you don't
                        have to leave Reddit to see it. In general, Reddit does not control how
                        third-party services collect data when they serve you their content directly
                        via these embeds. As a result, embedded content is not covered by this
                        privacy policy but by the policies of the service from which the content is
                        embedded.
Audience measurement
We partner with service providers that perform audience measurement to learn
                        demographic information about the population that uses Reddit. To provide
                        this demographic information, these companies collect cookie information to
                        recognize your device.
Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers
Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers If you use
                      Reddit Ads (Reddit’s self-serve ads platform at ads.reddit.com), on behalf of
                      your business or organization, we collect some additional information. To sign
                      up for Reddit Ads, you must provide your name, email address, and information
                      about your company. Reddit may make information about your company public to
                      comply with applicable law. If you purchase advertising services, you will
                      need to provide transactional information as described above, and we may also
                      require additional documentation to verify your identity. When using Reddit
                      Ads, we may record a session replay of your visit for customer service,
                      troubleshooting, and usability research purposes.
Information Collected from Reddit Pro Users
If you sign up for Reddit Pro, on behalf of yourself, your business or
                      organization, we may collect some additional information from you, including
                      your profile type, name, industry category, website, and organization size, if
                      applicable. If you request certain limited Reddit Pro features, we may request
                      additional documentation to verify your identity.
Information Collected from Reddit Program Participants and Potential
                        Participants
If you sign up to participate in a Reddit Program (for example, our
                      Contributor Program), we collect, directly or indirectly through our
                      providers, some additional information from you (such as your name, date of
                      birth, address, email, tax, government ID, and payment information). This
                      additional information is used and shared with our third-party payment and
                      compliance providers to determine your eligibility to participate in the
                      applicable Reddit Program, facilitate payments, and comply with law. Those
                      providers and their services are subject to separate terms and conditions and
                      privacy policies.
How We Use Information
We use information about you to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;
Personalize services, content, and features that match your activities, preferences, and
      settings;
Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers,
      addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit User Agreement and our
other terms and policies
, as well as comply
      with applicable law;
Provide, optimize, target, and measure the effectiveness of ads shown on our Services;
Research and develop new services;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices, and other support and
      administrative messages;
Provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, events, and programs, and
      provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about
      how to opt out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below); and
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.
How We Share Information
In addition to the content that is displayed publicly as described above, we may share
    information in the following ways:
With your consent
. We may share information about you with your consent or at your
      direction. For example, at your direction through social sharing features that allow you to
      share content with third party sites like Tumblr and X.
With linked services
. If you link your Reddit account with a third-party service,
      Reddit will share the information you authorize with that third-party service. You can control
      this sharing as described in "Your Rights and Choices" below.
With our service providers
. We may share information with vendors, consultants, and
      other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us. Their
      use of personal data will be subject to appropriate confidentiality and security measures. A
      few examples: (i) payment processors who process transactions on our behalf, (ii) cloud
      providers who host our data and our services, (iii) third-party ads measurement providers who
      help us and advertisers measure the performance of ads shown on our Services, and (iv)
      compliance providers who help us determine your eligibility to participate in Reddit Programs.
To comply with the law
. We may share information if we believe disclosure is in
      accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or
      governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law
      enforcement requirements. To the extent the law allows it, we will attempt to provide you with
      prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request. Our
Transparency Report
has
      additional information about how we respond to government requests.
In an emergency
. We may share information if we believe it's necessary to prevent
      imminent and serious bodily harm to a person.
To enforce our rights and promote safety and security
. We may share information if we
      believe your actions are inconsistent with our User Agreement,
rules
, or
other Reddit terms and policies
, or to
      protect the rights, property, and safety of the Services, ourselves, and others.
With our affiliates
. We may share information between and among Reddit, and any of
      our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
Aggregated or de-identified information
. We may share information about you that has
      been aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For
      example, we may show the total number of times a post has been upvoted without identifying who
      the visitors were, or we may tell an advertiser how many people saw their ad.
How We Protect Your Information
We take measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and
        unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. For example, we use HTTPS
        while information is being transmitted. We also enforce technical and administrative access
        controls to limit which of our employees have access to non-public personal information.
You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring
two-factor authentication
.
We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for
        which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business
        purposes and/or if we believe doing so is in accordance with, or as required by, any
        applicable law. For example, if you violate our policies and your account is suspended or
        banned, we may store the identifiers used to create the account (such as phone number) to
        prevent you from creating new accounts.
Your Rights and Choices
You have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and sharing of
        information about you when you use the Services. Depending on where you live, you may also
        have the right to correction/rectification of your personal information, to opt out of
        certain advertising practices, or to withdraw consent for processing where you have
        previously provided consent. Below we explain how to exercise each of these rights. Reddit
        does not discriminate against users for exercising their rights under data protection laws.
Accessing and Changing Your Information
You can access your information and change or correct certain information
                          through the Services. See our
Help Center
page for more information. You can also request a copy of the personal
                          information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described
here
.
Deleting Your Account
You may delete your account information at any time from the user
                          preferences page. For more information, please visit our
Help Center
. When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to
                          other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account.
                          Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted
                          prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you
                          first delete the specific content. After you submit a request to delete
                          your account, our purge script commences the deletion process within 90
                          days. After running our purge script, Reddit will not be able to provide
                          access to deleted data. We may also retain certain information about you
                          for legitimate business purposes and/or if we believe doing so is in
                          accordance with, or as required by, any applicable law.
Controlling Linked Services' Access to Your Account
You can review the services you have permitted to access your account and
                          revoke access to individual services by visiting your account’s
Apps page
(for third-party
                          app authorizations), the Connected Accounts section of your
Account Settings
(for Google
                          Sign-In, Sign in with Apple, and connected X accounts), and the Social
                          links section of your
Profile Settings
.
Controlling Personalized Advertising
You may opt out of us using information we collect from third parties,
                          including advertising partners, to personalize the ads you see on Reddit.
                          To do so, visit the Privacy section of the User Settings in your account
here
, if using
                          desktop, and in your Account Settings if using the Reddit mobile app.
Controlling the Use of Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you
                          can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and
                          third-party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject
                          cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our
                          Services. For more information on controlling how cookies and similar
                          technologies are used on Reddit, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Controlling Advertising and Analytics
Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out
                          mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional
                          tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies
                          and how you can opt out. For example, you may manage the use and
                          collection of certain information by
Google Analytics
via the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. You can opt out of the Audience Measurement services provided by
Nielsen
and
Quantcast
.
You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements
                          from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks. To learn more about
                          these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the sites of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and the
Network Advertising Initiative
, or if you are a user in the European Economic Area,
Your Online Choices
.
Do Not Track
Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal
                          to the sites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked.
                          However, there is no accepted standard for how a site should respond to
                          this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal.
                          Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you
                          the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of
                          information about you.
Controlling Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving some or all categories of promotional
                          communications from us by following the instructions in those
                          communications or by updating your email options in your account
                          preferences
here
. If you opt
                          out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional
                          communications, such as information about your account or your use of the
                          Services.
Controlling Mobile Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push
                          notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these
                          messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile
                          device.
Controlling Location Information
You can control how we use location information for feed and
                          recommendations customization via the
Location Customization
setting in your Account Settings.
If you have questions or are not able to submit a request to exercise your rights using
          the mechanisms above, you may also email us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
from the
          email address that you have verified with your Reddit account, or submit them
here
.
Before we process a request from you about your personal information, we need to verify
          the request via your access to your Reddit account or to a verified email address
          associated with your Reddit account. If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision
          by contacting us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
.
International Data Transfers
Reddit, Inc. is based in the United States and we process and store information on servers
      located in the United States. We may store information on servers and equipment in other
      countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service
      providers. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you
      consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the United States
      and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law.
When we transfer the personal data of users in the EEA, UK and/or Switzerland, we rely on the
      Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission for such transfers or other
      transfer mechanisms deemed ‘adequate’ under applicable laws.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure
Reddit complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to
      the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by
      the U.S. Department of Commerce. Reddit has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that
      it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with
      regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United
      Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Reddit has
      certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
      Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal
      data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict
      between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S.
      DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
      (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Reddit’s compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
      U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, Reddit is also liable for onward
      transfers to third parties that process personal information in a way that does not follow the
      DPF unless Reddit was not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding arbitration. You
      can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I to the
      DPF
framework
. In compliance
      with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S.
DPF
, Reddit commits to
      refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on
      the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an
      alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive
      timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not
      addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to
      you.
Additional Information for EEA and UK Users
If you live in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Reddit Netherlands B.V., is the controller
      of information processed in connection with the Reddit platform and this policy. If you live
      in the United Kingdom (“UK”), Reddit, Inc., is the data controller and Reddit UK Limited is
      Reddit’s UK GDPR Article 27 Representative.
Users in the EEA and UK have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of
      their personal data; to data portability in certain circumstances; to request restriction of
      processing; to object to processing; and to withdraw consent for processing where they have
      previously provided consent. These rights can be exercised as described in the “Your Rights
      and Choices section above. EEA users also have the right to lodge a complaint with their local
      supervisory authority.
As required by applicable law, we collect and process information about individuals in the EEA
      and UK only where we have a legal basis for doing so. Our legal bases depend on the Services
      you use and how you use them. We process your information where:
It is necessary to fulfill our contract with you, including
to provide, operate, and improve the Services, provide customer support, personalize
        features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection
        interests), such as preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security, enforcing
        our rules and policies, protecting our legal rights and interests, research and development,
        personalizing the Services, and marketing and promoting the Services;
You have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your information to comply with our legal obligations.
Additional Information for California Users
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended, requires us to provide California
      residents with some additional information, which we address in this section.
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information from
      California residents, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers and account information, like your Reddit username, email address, phone number,
        IP address, and cookie information.
Commercial information, including information about transactions you undertake with us.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about your
        activity on our Services and limited information about your activity on the services of
        advertisers who use our advertising technology.
Geolocation information based on your IP address.
Your messages with other users (for example, private messages, chats, and modmail).
Audiovisual information in pictures, audio, or video content submitted to Reddit.
Professional or employment-related information or demographic information, but only if you
        explicitly provide it to us, such as by applying for a job or filling out a survey.
Inferences we make based on other collected data, for purposes such as recommending content,
        advertising, and analytics.
You can find more information about (a) what we collect and sources of that information in the
      “Information We Collect” section of this notice, (b) the business and commercial purposes for
      collecting that information in the “How We Use Your Information” section, and (c) the
      categories of third parties with whom we share that information in the “How We Share
      Information” section.
If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the
      right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to
      and information about our data practices, and to request deletion or correction of your
      personal information, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your
      privacy rights. Reddit does not “sell” or “share” personal information as those terms are
      defined under the CCPA. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information except to
      provide you the Services or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA.
You may exercise your rights to access, delete, or correct your personal information as
      described in the “Your Rights and Choices” section of this notice. When you make a request, we
      will verify your identity by asking you to sign into your account or if necessary by
      requesting additional information from you. You may also make a rights request using an
      authorized agent. If you submit a rights request from an authorized agent who does not provide
      a valid power of attorney, we may ask the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the
      agent signed permission to submit the request to exercise rights on your behalf. In the
      absence of a valid power of attorney, we may also require you to verify your own identity
      directly with us or confirm to us that you otherwise provided the authorized agent permission
      to submit the request. If you have any questions or concerns, you may reach us using the
      methods described under “Your Rights and Choices” or by emailing us at
redditdatarequests@reddit.com
.
Children
Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the
      Services. Additionally, if you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age
      required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we
      need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian.
Changes to This Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by
      revising the date at the top of the policy. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are
      material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your
      account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice
      through our Services. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed
      about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. By continuing
      to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the
      revised policy.
Contact Us
If you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Reddit, Inc.
548 Market St. #16093
San Francisco, California 94104
For email inquiries, you may reach our Data Protection Office at
dpo@reddit.com
.
Users in the European Economic Area may contact us at:
Reddit Netherlands B.V.
Euro Business Center
Keizersgracht 62, 1015CS Amsterdam
Netherlands
dpo@reddit.com
United Kingdom Users may contact us at:
Reddit UK Limited,
5 New Street Square,
London, United Kingdom,
EC4A 3TW
ukrepresentative@reddit.com
Sub-policy 8
https://www.twitch.tv/p/en/legal/privacy-notice/:
Following
Browse
{{ display_name }}
Browse
Following
Browse
{{ display_name }}
Browse
About
Careers
Blog
Press
Brand
Developers
Platforms
Prime
Bits
Extensions
Advertise
Gift Card
Following
Browse
Legal
Terms of Service
Terms of Sale
Community Guidelines
Privacy Notice
Privacy Choices
DMCA Guidelines
Music Guidelines
Trademark Policy
Trademark Guidelines
Account Usernames and Display Names Policy
Accessibility Statement
Developer Agreement
Monetized Streamer Agreement
Bits Acceptable Use Policy
Channel Points Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Notice
Ad Choices
Predictions Terms and Conditions
Events Code Of Conduct
Transparency Report
Modern Day Slavery Statement
State-Specific Privacy Disclosures
Recommendations On Twitch
Contact Us
Right of Withdrawal
Twitch Gift Card & Gift Card Balance Terms and Conditions
Service of Process
DJ Program Terms
Advertising
Blog
Brand
Developers
Security
Help
Jobs
Languages
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
한국어
Nederlands
Polski
Português Brasileiro
Svenska
Last modified on 06/30/2023
Twitch.tv Privacy Notice
Last updated: June 30, 2023. To see prior versions,
click here
.
Twitch Interactive Inc. and its affiliates are subsidiaries of Amazon.com, Inc. (“Amazon”).
This Twitch Privacy Notice applies to your use of www.twitch.tv, and any other websites, applications, services, or live (in-person) events provided, owned, or operated by Twitch Interactive, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Twitch”) that link to this Privacy Notice (collectively, the “Twitch Services”). Twitch values the privacy of users, subscribers, publishers, members, and others who visit and use the Twitch Services (collectively or individually, “you” or “users”) and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from and about you. By visiting
www.twitch.tv
, setting up your Twitch account, or using the Twitch Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice, to the extent permitted by law.
For purposes of data protection laws, Twitch Interactive, Inc. located at 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, is the “data controller” of your information collected in connection with the Twitch Services.
You may share personal information when using the Twitch Services. One example is when you provide information about yourself as part of the Twitch account creation process. Another is when you take certain actions on the Twitch Services that are public or intended to be public in nature, such as when you broadcast content, participate in a chat room, post profile information, follow a channel, or subscribe to a channel. Given the social nature of some of the Twitch Services, that information may be collected, used, or disclosed by others who are part of that social interaction. In addition, some features of the Twitch Services are designed to provide others with information about user activity, such as identifying the user who created a particular Clip or the subscription status of users for a given channel. We encourage you to be mindful of this when considering your activity on the Twitch Services.
Storage and access to cookies that may be set in connection with the Twitch Services are governed by the Twitch
Cookie Notice
(“Cookie Notice”).
Table of Contents
Personal Information Twitch Collects About You
How Twitch Uses Personal Information
When Twitch Discloses Personal Information
Data Subject Rights and Your Choices
Account Closure and Deletion
Third-Party Websites and Services
Extensions and Applications
Advertisers and Analytics Providers
Do Not Track
Data Security
Retention of Your Information
Children’s Privacy
Merger or Sale
International Data Transfers
Changes and Updates to This Privacy Notice
Twitch Contact Information
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Personal Information Twitch Collects About You
We obtain information about you through the means discussed below when we provide the Twitch Services. Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Twitch Services to you. If you do not provide us with such information, or ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Twitch Services.
User-provided Information: When you register for Twitch Services; upload, purchase, view, or download certain content or products from the Twitch Services; enter contests or sweepstakes; register for or attend a live (in-person) event; or otherwise use the features and functionality of the Twitch Services, you may provide a variety of information about yourself to us, such as your name, voice, or image (in any content you upload, stream, or participate in), Twitch username, email address, postal mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and billing information.
Automatically Collected Information: When you access the Twitch Services or open one of our emails, we automatically record and store certain information about your system by using cookies and other types of technologies. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are sent to your browser. For information about what cookies are, how they work, how Twitch uses them, and how to remove them, please see our
Cookie Notice
. Examples of such information we automatically collect include Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), a unique user ID, device and browser types and identifiers, referring and exit page addresses, software and system type, and information about your usage of Twitch Services. Examples of how Twitch uses automatically collected information include to: (a) automatically update the Twitch application on your system; (b) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you access the Twitch Services; (c) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (d) monitor the effectiveness of marketing campaigns; (e) monitor and store aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages accessed; and (f) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
Twitch Live (in-person) Events: Twitch holds live (in-person) events that may include creators, speakers, and exhibitors. These events will be photographed, recorded, and streamed, both by Twitch and by others, and these materials may be used for promotional purposes. In addition, attendees’ badges may be scanned with their permission. There will be various places where you may be given the option to, or experiences for which you may be required to, scan your badge. If you scan your badge or agree to have your badge scanned by Twitch events staff, the data will be used for various purposes such as analytics, promotional products, or prize fulfillment consistent with this Notice. Exhibitors may offer to scan your badge when you visit their area or events. By allowing exhibitors to scan your badge, you understand that Twitch may transfer your personal information to the exhibitor and that, once transferred, your personal information is subject to the exhibitor’s privacy notice and the exhibitor may contact you directly afterwards.
Information from Other Sources: We may obtain additional information from third parties and sources other than the Twitch Services. For example, we may obtain additional information from advertisers, games or services you use, or social media networks (such as Discord, Steam, or YouTube) for which you have approved our access. When you access the Twitch Services through social media networks or when you connect the Twitch Services to social media networks, you are authorizing Twitch to collect, store, and use such additional information and content in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We may also obtain information from third-party services (such as Riot or Steam) regarding your use of such services, including about your use of the content you choose to broadcast through the Twitch Services. We use this information to supplement the information we collect about you in order to provide more relevant, safer experiences for you with the Twitch Services and improve the Twitch Services, analytics, and advertising. If we combine or associate information from other sources with information that we collect through the Twitch Services, we will treat the combined information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
How Twitch Uses Personal Information
Twitch uses such information to operate, maintain, enhance, provide, create, and develop all of the features, functionality, and services (new or existing) found on the Twitch Services; provide security for our websites, products, software, applications, or live (in-person) events; manage relationships with Twitch account holders (e.g., Partners, Affiliates), including making or receiving payment; improve users’ experience with Twitch by providing content recommendations and by delivering content that we hope users will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, or rewards programs; prevent fraud and abuse; and understand the usage trends of our users.
We use your email address and/or telephone number to communicate with you, including to notify you of major Twitch Services updates, for customer service purposes, or to contact you regarding any content that you have posted to or downloaded from the Twitch Services. If you want to stop receiving notifications by telephone, reply STOP to any text message from us. Note that we may still send you additional informational or transactional notifications.
Twitch may periodically send promotional materials or notifications to you related to the Twitch Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can go to your account settings once you have logged in to the Twitch Services or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any email from us. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.
In order to meet legal obligations, Twitch may collect and process user information if we believe in good faith that such collection and processing is necessary to comply with U.S. state and federal laws or other applicable laws around the world (for example, in the country of your residence), or respond to a court order, judicial, or other government request, subpoena, or warrant in the manner legally required.
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop the processing of your data for that purpose.
Twitch will rely on legal grounds to process your personal information to the extent permitted by applicable law, which may include, without limitation: to honor contractual commitments, to take steps in anticipation of entering into contract, to fulfill legal obligations, to document your consent, and to support Twitch’s legitimate interests. Some examples of these legitimate interests include: monitoring and analyzing the use of Twitch services, communicating with registered users through notifications or emails regarding Twitch products and services, advertising, responding to inquiries or complaints from potential or actual Twitch users, taking appropriate or necessary actions to protect Twitch from potential liability or from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigating and defending ourselves against third-party claims, or allegations; protecting the security or integrity of the Twitch Services; or protecting the rights, property, or safety of Twitch, our users, or others.
When Twitch Discloses Personal Information
Information about Twitch users is an important part of our business and our work to provide the best experience across Twitch services. We take seriously the responsibility of safeguarding your personal information and honor the trust you place in Twitch. Twitch is not in the business of selling our users’ personal information to others. Twitch shares personal data only as described below and with our parent company, Amazon.com, Inc., and the subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
We disclose such information to service providers working on our behalf, such as, to: provide website hosting, maintenance, and security services; fulfill orders; conduct data analysis and create reports; offer certain functionality; or assist Twitch in improving the Twitch Services and creating new services and features. We require that these parties process such information in compliance with this Privacy Notice, we authorize them to use the information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and we require them to use reasonable confidentiality measures.
Twitch may share personal information with, and receive personal information from, our affiliates (meaning entities controlled by, controlling, or under common control with Twitch), including Amazon.com, Inc. and its subsidiaries that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Personal information collected by Twitch may be combined with personal information about Amazon customers, and that combined information may be used by both Twitch and Amazon to operate, provide, develop, and improve Amazon’s and Twitch’s products and services.
Twitch may disclose user information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with U.S. state and federal laws or other applicable laws around the world (for example, in the country of your residence), or respond to a court order, judicial or other government request, subpoena, or warrant in the manner legally required.
Twitch also reserves the right to disclose information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to protect Twitch from potential liability or from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims, or allegations; protect the security or integrity of the Twitch Services; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Twitch, our users, or others.
Other than as set out in this Privacy Notice, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Data Subject Rights and Your Choices
Twitch’s
Privacy Choices
page describes your privacy options with respect to the Twitch services, including information about how you may be able to review, update, or delete information that Twitch may have about you. You may decline to share certain information with Twitch, in which case Twitch may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Twitch Services. If you have created a Twitch Services account, depending on the service, you may be able to update your profile information and preferences or disable your account by logging in and going to the settings page – for example, www.twitch.tv.
For other requests to review, update, delete, or otherwise limit Twitch’s use of information that you have provided directly to Twitch, contact us
here
under the ‘Privacy Questions’ category. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
We will comply with valid requests to exercise your data subject rights in accordance with the applicable laws in your region. Please note that in some circumstances, we may need to keep processing your information for certain legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. If these rights apply to you, they may permit you to request that we:
Obtain access to or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Prevent the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling).
Update personal information that is out of date or incorrect.
Delete certain personal information we hold about you.
Restrict the way that we process and disclose specific personal information about you.
Transfer your personal information to a third-party provider of services.
Revoke consent that you previously provided for the processing of your personal information.
For more information on how to exercise these rights, click
here
. If applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Account Closure and Deletion
If you would like to close your account and delete your profile information on
www.twitch.tv
go to
https://www.twitch.tv/user/delete_account.
For Twitch Services other than
twitch.tv
, you may update or delete information tied to your account, or close an account,
Contact Support
under the ‘Privacy Questions’ category. If you close your account, Twitch may retain certain information about you for the activities described in this Privacy Notice, or as permitted or required by applicable law.
Third-Party Services and Websites
The Twitch Services may link to third-party websites or services. The privacy practices of those third parties are not governed by this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites and services to understand their practices.
If you connect to a third-party service (such as Discord, Riot Games, or Xbox) through the Twitch Services or otherwise link your Twitch account with a third-party service, you are requesting and authorizing us to share or grant access to information on your behalf (such as your username, the fact that your connection originated from the Twitch Services, and other relevant usage and diagnostic information) with such third party. We may also send information about the content you watch or your activities on the Twitch Services to such third parties. For example, we may make information available to app developers, game developers, and game publishers to facilitate purchases and awards of digital goods, such as games and in-game items.
Extensions and Applications
The
Twitch Extensions
program allows creators to embed interactive, custom, third-party content and applications on their channel pages. You can find out more about the specific Extension(s) operating on a given channel by clicking on the attribution links or icons that Twitch will make available on the channel page, for example, on the Twitch video player or at the bottom of an Extension’s panel.
Interaction by a viewer with an Extension or with the channel on which the Extension is activated will provide the developer that operates the Extension with viewer information of the nature described above in “Automatically Collected Information.” Twitch does not provide access to your user name or ID to third-party Extension developers as part of the Twitch Extensions program unless you click “Grant Access” within the Extension or you install an Extension on your channel. You are responsible for any information you provide to the developer independently, for example, through a web form on the Extension or visiting that developer’s website.
Developers may also create Applications that are not located on channel pages or on Twitch. We require Extension and Application developers to process data about you only for the purposes set forth in our
Developer Services Agreement
. We encourage you to visit an Application’s website or Extension’s detail page to review any privacy policy posted by the developer, which may include additional information on their privacy practices.
Advertisers and Analytics Providers
Twitch may use third-party Web analytics services in connection with the Twitch Services. These service providers use a variety of tracking technologies such as cookies to analyze how users use the Twitch Services. The information collected (described above in “Automatically Collected Information”) may be shared with or collected directly by these services and processed to evaluate your use of the Twitch Services.
Twitch may also work with third-party ad networks, advertisers, and advertising analytics providers to target (and measure the performance of) ads to you both on and off the Twitch Services. We may share with these third parties (or they may directly collect) data such as cookie and mobile ad identifiers in order to engage in advertising activity (including to understand how you respond to advertisements and to serve relevant ads). Twitch also works with third parties to serve ads to you off Twitch’s Services. When we do so, we may share information such as your email address or resettable device identifier for that advertising partner to “match” to other information that may have about you.
Advertisers on Twitch, or representatives or service providers working on their behalf (“Twitch Advertisers”), sometimes use technology to serve ads that appear on our services directly to your device. They automatically receive certain data, such as your IP address, when this happens. They may also use cookies (or similar technologies) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize ad content. This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we cannot control the tracking technologies and activities of Twitch Advertisers and you should consult their respective privacy policies. For more information about Twitch Advertisers and similar entities that use these technologies, and to opt-out of their advertising practices, go to our
Privacy Choices
page.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the Network Advertising Initiative, Your Online Choices and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out links above. However, Twitch does not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals.
Data Security
Twitch uses a variety of managerial, technical, and physical measures to protect the integrity and security of your information. These measures may vary based on the sensitivity of your information. However, no security precautions or systems can be completely secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Twitch, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Retention of Your Information
Twitch maintains data related to your usage of Twitch for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required (or permitted) by law such as for tax and accounting purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you. Once you have asked us to close your account and delete your profile information, we will delete all information that we are not required or permitted to retain by law.
Children’s Privacy
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, THEN YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE TWITCH SERVICES AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Twitch does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information (as defined by the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) from persons under 13 years-of-age. If Twitch learns that personal information of persons under 13 has been collected on or through the Twitch Services, Twitch will take appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has created an account on the Twitch Services, then please
Contact Support
under the ‘Privacy Questions’ category to have that child’s account terminated and personal information deleted.
For residents of countries and regions where the processing of personal information is based on consent, Twitch will not knowingly engage in that processing for users under the age of consent established by applicable data protection law. If we learn that we are engaged in that processing with such users, we will halt such processing and will take reasonable measures to promptly remove applicable information from our records
Merger or Sale
In the event that Twitch, or some or all assets related to the Twitch Services are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity or in connection with a contemplated change-of-ownership transaction, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of that merger, acquisition, sale, or other change-of-control event, including in the course of diligence.
International Data Transfers
Information collected by Twitch may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States (for instance in our major data centers), or in any other country where Twitch or its affiliates, subsidiaries, partners, or service providers are located or maintain facilities. If we provide any information about you to any such entities, we will take appropriate measures to ensure such companies protect your information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable law.
Changes and Updates to This Privacy Notice
Twitch reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice at any time (for example to reflect updates to the Twitch Services or to reflect changes in the law). Please check this Privacy Notice periodically for those changes. Your continued use of the Twitch Services after the posting of changes constitutes your binding acceptance of such changes.
We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past under a prior version of the Privacy Notice without the consent of affected individuals.
Twitch Contact Information
Please contact Twitch with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice at 350 Bush Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, visit the
Twitch Support Portal
under the ‘Privacy Questions’ category, or send an email to privacy@twitch.tv. Our Data Protection Officer (DPO) can also be contacted at privacy@twitch.tv. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of its receipt. If you are a California resident, you may have information emailed to you by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your email address and your request for information.
Twitch UK Limited has been designated by Twitch Interactive, Inc. as its representative under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR) for residents of the UK. Please contact Twitch UK with any questions (including questions about your rights) or comments about this Privacy Notice at Twitch UK Limited, 1 New Oxford Street WC1A 1BA, UK, visit the
Twitch Support Portal
under the ‘Privacy Questions’ category, or send an email to privacy@twitch.tv.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures
Visit the
State-Specific Privacy Disclosures
page to read additional disclosures required under applicable laws.
Japan Privacy Disclosures
Visit the
Japan Privacy Disclosures
page to read additional disclosures required under the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 10
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;