Who Are We?
We are Showbie Inc., the provider of Socrative. Our head office is located at #1400, 10117 Jasper Avenue NW, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T5J 1W8.
Socrative is a web-based and tablet app that can be used by teachers to assess student understanding in real-time through activities such as quizzes and polls. There are free and paid versions.
Showbie is a Data Controller with respect to Personal Data which we collect and process for our own purposes in order to provide our products and services to customers. Showbie is a Data Processor when processing Personal Data on behalf of our customers, for example, schools, teachers etc.
Our Privacy Pledge
Showbie Inc. (“
Showbie
”, “we” or “us”) provides certain services including the Socrative application (the “
Application
”) and related software services as more particularly described in our Terms of Use (“
Services
”). Your trust is key to the success of our business. We take privacy and confidentiality very seriously and safeguard the Personal Data of our users in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy discusses the high degree of importance that we place on your privacy, including how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Data as well as the rules and conditions related to privacy of information while using our Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control. Our customers are responsible for maintaining their own privacy policies governing their collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Data and are responsible for ensuring that they have obtained the necessary authorizations and consents for any Personal Data made available to us for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Policy sets out the basis on which any Personal Data we collect from you, or from others, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your Personal Data and how we will treat it.
Details of Personal Data Processing
In the course of our business, we collect and process the Personal Data as set out in this Policy. This may include data we receive directly from a Data Subject (for example, by completing forms or by corresponding with us by mail, phone, email, or otherwise) and data we receive from other sources (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, credit reference agencies, government bodies, and others).
We will only process Personal Data for the specific purposes set out in this Policy or for any other purposes specifically permitted by the applicable law. We will notify those purposes to the Data Subject when we first collect the data or as soon as possible thereafter.
You may give us Personal Data where you are a user of our Services, a teacher, school or other third party interacting with us. We use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Application and Services
To notify you about changes to our Application and Services
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Application and Services when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or information so that we can improve our Application and Services
To monitor the usage of our Application and Services to detect, prevent, and address security issues
Further details of the Personal Data we collect, details of the processing activity, and the lawful basis for each is as follows:
When you become our customer the processing of your information, and/or that of your team who you nominate to liaise with us, will become a condition of the contract between us as we require certain information in order to be able to provide you with our services (e.g. contact information). In those circumstances, if you do not provide your information when requested, we may be unable to provide our Services to you.
Representatives of customers (schools, districts, businesses, etc.):
We require the following information to set up your accounts: first name, last name, email address, phone number (optional), country, and school name. We use this data to set you up as a customer on our systems and to liaise with you and your teachers about projects that we are undertaking with you. We also process payment information to facilitate payment of our Services; for internal and external auditing and to make appropriate financial returns to revenue; to process payment of invoices etc. Our payment system also collects the IP address of users who pay online to facilitate credit card location verification.
We collect, use and disclose your Personal Data to provide the Services to you via the Application, and to administer your account in accordance with: (a) this Policy, (b) any other agreement you may have entered into with us, and (c) applicable laws and regulations. It is your responsibility to ensure that we are kept informed of the correct and current contact information for you.
The lawful basis for this processing is the agreement you have agreed to, or if you have not entered into an agreement with us, our legitimate interests in providing the Application and Services through our agreement with the customer.
When corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, we ask you to disclose only as much information as is necessary to provide you with our Services or to submit a question/suggestion/comment in relation to our Services or products.
The lawful basis for this activity is our agreement with your or our legitimate interests in providing our Application and Services in addition to our legitimate interests in improving our Application and Services based on your question/suggestion/comment.
If you are a Teacher/Administrator:
We collect and process your first name, last name, email address, phone number (optional), country, school name, school type, user ID, password, activity within the service. We also process payment information to facilitate payment of our Services; for internal and external auditing and to make appropriate financial returns to revenue; to process payment of invoices etc. Our payment system also collects the IP address of users who pay online to facilitate credit card location verification.
When corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, we ask you to disclose only as much information as is necessary to provide you with our Services or to submit a question/suggestion/comment in relation to our Services or products. Users can log in to our Services directly using the Socrative app/web page or by using certain specified third-party accounts such as Google and MasteryConnect. We may add other third-party sign-on functionality in the future. By signing on in using a third-party account, we use your name, profile picture (if available), and email address to authenticate your identity and to pre-populate your profile.
Some third-party services, such as Google, give you the option to post or share information about your use of the services to your third-party account. The settings for that kind of sharing are outside of our Services. It’s up to you to check the sharing and privacy settings on any third-party accounts.
The lawful basis for this processing is the Terms of Use you have agreed to, or our legitimate interest in facilitating the provision of the Applications and Services to our customers, including processing payment.
If you input the Personal Data of others into the application, you are responsible for ensuring that you have obtained any permissions or authorizations for any Personal Data of others that you input or send through the Application.
We will communicate with you regarding our Services and your account. We will do this via the internet and via the email address you have provided. You acknowledge that data and information transmitted over the internet is susceptible to error or security breaches.
The lawful basis for this activity is the agreement you have entered into or our legitimate interests in providing you with important information about the Services and your account.
Showbie makes available certain AI-features which gives you the possibility to generate quiz content (quiz name, questions, and answers), based on prompts provided by you. Any generated content must be approved by you before it may become visible to students. These AI features are based on services from third party general purpose AI providers. By using the features, limited personal data concerning your use of the Services and your account will be processed. The AI features will not be used for grading student work, and only limited, anonymized student data will be processed by using the features. The lawful basis for our provision of the AI services to you is our legitimate interest in allowing teachers to utilize up to date features in our Services. We provide you with an option to out-out from having the AI features made available to you in the Service, which reflects your right to object to our processing of your personal data when the processing is based on a legitimate interest.
If you are a Student:
Showbie collects limited Personal Data from minor students only as needed for the operation and management of the Services provided by Showbie, and only where that student’s school board, educational institution, or teacher has contracted with Showbie to do so.
Data we collect from students:
Name, if provided by the student when prompted in an activity
Students’ activities within the service, such as quiz results.
Anonymous Diagnostic Data includes but is not limited to anonymized IP address, Error Handling, and anonymized Device Information.
Data that could be inferred from the teacher data:
Name when provided by the teacher in a rostered room
Email when provided by the teacher in a rostered room
Student ID when provided by the teacher in a rostered room
School name
Location of school
Teachers may upload (import) a class roster which includes unique usernames and passwords for each student. When not importing a class rosters, teachers can provide a code for students to access the app, and creating a student profile is not required.
Teachers will have access to class rosters and students’ activities within the service, such as quiz results.
Teachers may share template quizzes, tests, etc. with other persons using Socrative, but these templates do not contain any Personal Data about students, only the name of the teacher author.
When corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, we ask you to disclose only as much information as is necessary to provide you with our Services or to submit a question/suggestion/comment in relation to our Services or products.
(a) It is the responsibility of our customers, e.g. the school board, educational institution, or teacher to obtain the consent of parents/legal guardians prior to our collection of such student Personal Data. If you are a minor student, do not upload or send any Personal Data about yourself or other students to Showbie, other than what is requested upon signing up for the Services. If we discover we have the Personal Data of a student without consent of a parent/legal guardian, or information in excess of what we request upon sign-up, we will permanently destroy that information as quickly as possible. If you believe a student may have provided us Personal Data without consent of a parent/legal guardian, or information in excess of what we request upon sign-up, please contact us at
privacy@socrative.com
.
(b) Students can sign up to our Services with a username and password. Your teacher may instead provide you with a code, in which case you will not be required to sign up to access Socrative. Students are unable to see the activities of other students, irrespective of whether or not they are members of the same course group on Socrative.
(c) The Application allows students and teachers to interact. This information will also form part of the Personal Data of students. However, we are a Data Processor of this Personal Data on behalf of the students’ school board, educational institution or teacher who has contracted with us, and that school board, educational institution, or teacher is the Data Controller.
(d) Showbie conducts a small number of user research interviews to gather constructive feedback from the users of the Socrative services. The feedback is used to improve and develop the services. Before conducting a user research interview we ask for the consent from those we interview, which are mostly teachers or administrators. When conducting the interview, some student data may be processed. This may occur as a natural part of the interview, e.g., if a teacher shares their Socrative interface with us during the interview. Showbie will make every effort to limit the collection of student data in interviews and the scope of the research is never targeted to student data. The incidental processing of student data may include the following: name of the organization, geographic location, age of students, subjects taught, extracurriculars participated in, example student work (uploaded files, annotated documents, comments), student names, student profile pictures, student class enrolment. For the processing of student data as part of the user research interviews, Showbie is the Data Controller.
When we act as a Data Controller for the purposes set out above, the lawful basis for the processing is the agreement entered into with us, or our legitimate interests in providing the Application and Services through our agreement with your school board, educational institution, teacher, or the like.
Information collected as part of our sales and marketing efforts:
We collect, use and disclose Personal Data of administrative users or teachers for marketing purposes provided it does
not direct advertising to any student users
, and provided that student Personal Data is not used or disclosed. We collect Personal Data relating to administrative users or teachers for relevant product or marketing communications. We will never direct advertising to students or disclose student Personal Data for this purpose. Users may unsubscribe from marketing notifications at any time.
We collect, aggregate, and anonymize data for system monitoring, quality control, marketing, and product improvement purposes, provided it does not entail processing of any Personal Data of users.
The lawful basis for this activity is legitimate interest in selling and marketing our services when advertising to existing customers and consent when advertising to new and potential customers.
Cookies and Analytics:
We use both session-based and persistent cookies to track information about your use of the Application and our Services which allow us to make it easier for you to navigate the Services, or allow us to track your activities related to your use of the Application and our Services. We may also use third party analytics tools and technologies to track and analyze data from the Application and our Services. Read more about our use of cookies in our Cookie Policy
available here
.
Access to and Transfer of Personal Data
If you are located outside Canada or the United States and choose to provide information to us, note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to countries such as Canada and the United States.
All Personal Data processed by Showbie related to the Application and Services provided to our customers is stored in secure data centres hosted by Amazon Web Services (AWS) in the United States, with backup servers in South America, Asia and Australia. The full list of approved sub-processors, used in our capacity as a Data Processor, is listed in the GDPR compliant Data Processing Addendum (based on the EU Commission standard contractual clauses (2021/914)) we execute with all customers residing in the EEA.
In our capacity as a Data Controller, we rely on trusted third-party service providers such as for internal business operations, account administration, billing, improvement of services, and marketing. In this respect, our trusted third-party service providers may have access to relevant Personal Data in order for them to provide their services to us.
Where the customer is located in the EEA and the service provider is located in a country outside the EEA (“third country”) this will involve transferring of Personal Data to such third country.
Transfers to Showbie Inc., located in Canada, are covered by the EU Commissions Adequacy Decision (2002/2 EC). Showbie will not transfer Personal Data to third countries that do not offer adequate protection unless appropriate safeguards are established, such as EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
In addition, we may disclose your Personal Data to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired by a third party, information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
As part of a project with other companies in the Showbie Group.
We may also be required to disclose Personal Data in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. When acting in the role as a Data Processor we are committed to using reasonable efforts in redirecting any access requests received from governmental authorities or to notify the relevant customer about the request, unless we are prevented by law from doing so. In any case, we will challenge any overbroad or inappropriate disclosure and disclose only the minimum amount of Personal Data necessary to satisfy an access request.
How Long Do We Keep Hold of Your Information?
In our capacity as a Data Controller, the time periods for which we retain your data depends on the type of personal data and the purposes for which we use it. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to provide the Services and to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Our Data Controller customers, on whose behalf we process Personal Data acting as a Data Processor, collect and keep Personal Data. For further information on this, please contact your teacher, your school’s Socrative Administrator or the like.
Security of Personal Data
The security of your data is important to us but no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We will use appropriate technical and organizational measures to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your Personal Data.
“Do Not Track” Signals
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
What are Your Rights with Respect to Your Personal Data?
You have the following rights:
To request access to or a copy of the Personal Data held by us relating to you (a “Data Subject Access Request”). To make a Data Subject Access Request, please email us at
privacy@socrative.com
.
To request that data is rectified, corrected or erased (subject to certain statutory restrictions).
To restrict the processing of Personal Data in certain circumstances.
To object to processing of Personal Data based on public interest grounds or based on legitimate interest of the data controller (subject to certain statutory exceptions).
To data portability, that is, to receive Personal Data about you and have it transmitted to another data controller, subject to certain limitations.
Where your data is processed based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your consent was withdrawn.
Whenever possible, you can update your Information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your information, please contact us to make the required changes.
To avail of any of the rights set out above, you may make a request to
privacy@socrative.com
. For the protection of privacy, suitable proof of identification will be required before a request can be processed.
Where we act as Data Processor and not Data Controller, we will refer your request to the applicable Data Controller, which, if you are a student, may be your teacher, school district, your educational institution or the like.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a supervisory authority. For a list of Supervisory Authorities in Europe, please see
this list on the European Commission’s website
.
In Canada you can contact the
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
.
What Will Happen if We Change Our Privacy Policy?
This Policy may change from time to time, and any changes will be posted on our website and will be effective when posted. This Policy was last updated on March 25, 2024.
How can you contact us?
If You have questions about this Privacy Notice or wish to contact Socrative for any reason, please contact us at:
Privacy Officer Socrative, Inc.#1400, 10117 Jasper Avenue NWEdmonton, AB T5J 1W8, Email
privacy@socrative.com
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly.
U
sage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Services or from the Service’s infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of the personal data.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, Showbie is both a Data Controller, but Showbie may in other situations act as a Data Processor of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body (other than an employee of the Data Controller) which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is a living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Application or Services. The User is typically the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.oic-ci.gc.ca/en:
Skip to main content
Skip to "About this site"
Switch to basic HTML version
Previous
Item
1
of 5
Next
Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5
Pause
-  Stop tab rotation
Final report concerning Correctional Service Canada
Read the final report
Transparency and Access to Information for the 21st Century: My Commitment
Read it
Final report concerning Health Canada
Read the final report
Final report concerning Indigenous Services Canada
Read the final report
Final report concerning Library and Archives Canada
Read the final report
Learn more
Helpful information on how the Office of the Information Commissioner approaches investigations and interprets the
Access to Information Act
.
Decisions database
Exemption from disclosure: personal information
Exemption from disclosure: law enforcement, investigations and security of penal institutions
Access to Information Act: relevant provisions
Timeframe for submitting a complaint
What are the possible outcomes for my complaint?
Frequently Asked Questions
Process: seeking the Information Commissioner’s approval to decline to act on an access request under section 6.1
More
Submit a complaint
The
Access to Information Act
gives a right to access information under the control of government institutions. The Act also provides a right to complain to the Information Commissioner about matters related to an access request made under the Act, such as the following:
the institution’s response to the request
the fact that the institution did not respond to the request
how an institution treated the request.
Individuals may also complain about other matters related to requesting and accessing records under Part 1 of the Act, even if they did not make an access request.
In all instances, complainants may
authorize someone else
to submit a complaint(s) on their behalf.
More information:
Types of complaints
;
How the OIC processes and investigates complaints
Continue
What the OIC does
Complaints
The
Access to Information Act
gives Canadians the right to request information from federal institutions. If you submitted a request for information to a federal institution under the Act and you are not satisfied with how it was processed, you may file a complaint with the OIC.
Read more
Quarterly statistics
Statistics about the OIC’s complaint caseload (complaints submitted and concluded) over several fiscal years, and related work. The graphs are updated quarterly and are supplemented by data in the
Information Commissioner’s annual report
.
Read more
Guidance
Guidance for institutions on how the OIC approaches investigations and on the information Commissioner's interpretation of the Act is available to everyone.
Read more
Parliamentary activities
The Information Commissioner reports directly to Parliament. She appears before parliamentary committees and makes written submissions to them. She also publishes her annual report to Parliament and issues special reports when required. Upon request, the Commissioner provides expert advice to parliamentarians on access to information matters.
Read more about the OIC
Latest news
Transparency and Access to Information for the 21st Century: My Commitment
Release Date
Mar 3
Gatineau, Quebec, March 3, 2025
Today marks the beginning of my second mandate as Canada’s Information Commissioner. I am energized by the opportunities ahead and eager to build upon the foundation I was able to put in place during the last seven years.
Throughout my time as Commissioner, my focus has always been obtaining results for Canadians by fulfilling my mandate of upholding the right of access to information through my investigations, the issuance of orders and the judicial processes to enforce these orders.
Read more
about Transparency and Access to Information for the 21st Century: My Commitment
Canada’s Information Commissioners and Ombuds issue joint resolution calling for enhanced transparency in government operations
Release Date
Dec 10
Gatineau, Québec – December 10, 2024 –
In a
joint resolution
, Canada’s Information Commissioners and Ombuds from federal, provincial, and territorial jurisdictions are pressing their respective governments to prioritize transparency in the design and implementation of new systems, administrative processes, procedures, and governance models.
Read more
about Canada’s Information Commissioners and Ombuds issue joint resolution calling for enhanced transparency in government operations
Back to top