中文简体
|
繁体中文
|
English
Privacy Policy
This policy only applies to bting Education products or services (including but not limited
							to websites, software, APIs, Apple or Android apps, WeChat or Baidu, Alipay mini-programs,
							etc.). bting Educaiton products and services are developed and operated by Chinaihs
							Communication Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as: us).
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your user information
2. how we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your user information
4. How do we protect your user information
5. Your rights
6. How we handle children's personal information
7. How to store your user information
8. How to update this policy
9. how to contact us
We are well aware of the importance of user information to you, and will do our best to
							protect your user information safe and reliable. We are committed to maintaining your trust
							in us and abide by the following principles to protect your user information: the principle
							of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle
							of choice and consent, the principle of least sufficiency, the principle of ensuring
							security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and
							transparency, etc. . At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security
							protection measures to protect your user information according to the mature security
							standards in the industry.
Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully before using our products (or
							services).
1. How we collect and use your user information
(1) Information we collect and use when you use our products or services
We will only collect and use your user information for the business functions described in
							this policy. The purpose of collecting user information is to provide you with products or
							services. You have the right to choose whether to provide the information, but in most
							cases, if If you do not provide, we may not be able to provide you with the corresponding
							services, nor can we respond to the questions you encounter:
When you use our services, you allow us to collect the information you provide to us or
							necessary to provide you with services, including: device information, log information, IP
							address, location information, etc.
For the user information we collect, we will use it to display and provide you with
							personalized services, etc.
The above information you provide will continue to authorize us to use it during your use
							of this service. When you stop using the push service, we will stop using and delete the
							above information.
We guarantee that the collected user information will be de-identified or anonymized in
							accordance with the law. Information that cannot identify the personal identity of a natural
							person alone or in combination with other information is not personal information in the
							legal sense. If we combine non-personal information with other information to identify you
							personally, or use it in combination with your personal information, we will treat such
							information as your personal information during the combined use period in accordance with
							this Privacy Policy. processing and protection.
In order to better operate and improve our technologies and services, or due to changes in
							business strategies, when the collection, use, and processing of user information required
							by the products or services we provide are beyond the scope of the above, or the collected
							user information is used for For other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, or
							when we want to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we
							will notify you within a reasonable period after obtaining user information or before
							processing user information, and obtain Your authorization agrees.
(2) Exceptions to Authorization and Consent
Please understand that according to laws and regulations and relevant national standards,
							we do not need your authorization and consent to collect and use your user information in
							the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of
							judgments;
4. In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other major legitimate
							rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. Your user information collected is disclosed to the public by you;
6. Your user information collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as
							legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
7. Necessary to sign or perform the contract according to your requirements;
8. Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of software and related
							services, such as discovering and disposing of faults in software and related services;
9. The personal information controller is a news unit and it is necessary for it to carry
							out legitimate news reports;
10. When it is necessary for an academic research institution to conduct statistical or
							academic research based on public interests, and when it provides the results of academic
							research or description, it de-identifies the personal information contained in the results.
11. Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
（1）Cookie
To ensure the proper functioning of the website, we store small data files called cookies on
							your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some
							numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, websites can store data about your visit
							preferences.
We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy. You can
							manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved on
							your computer, and most web browsers have a cookie-blocking feature. However, if you do
							this, you will need to personally change your user settings each time you visit our website.
(2) Web beacons and pixel tags
In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and
							pixel tags on our website. For example, an email we send you may contain a click URL linking
							to the content of our website.
If you click on the link, we will track the click to help us understand your product or
							service preferences and improve customer service. A web beacon is usually a transparent
							image embedded in a website or email. With the help of pixel tags in emails, we can tell if
							an email has been opened. If you do not want your activity to be tracked in this way, you
							can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
(3) Do Not Track
Many web browsers have a Do Not Track feature that posts a Do Not Track to a website
							Track request. Currently, no major Internet standards organization has established policies
							governing how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser has Do Not Track
							enabled, then all of our sites will respect your choice.
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your user information
(1) Sharing
We will not share your user information with any other companies, organizations and
							individuals, except in the following cases:
1. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your
							user information with other parties.
2. We may share your user information externally in accordance with laws and regulations or
							the mandatory requirements of government authorities.
3. Sharing with our affiliates: Your user information may be shared with our affiliates. We
							will only share necessary user information and are bound by the purposes stated in this
							Privacy Policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the purpose of processing user
							information, it will seek your authorization and consent again.
(2) Assignment
We will not transfer your user information to any company, organization or individual,
							except in the following cases:
1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer
							your user information to other parties;
2. When a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation is involved, if it involves the
							transfer of user information, we will require new companies and organizations that hold your
							user information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise we will require
							the The company or organization will seek authorization from you again.
(3) Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your user information under the following circumstances:
1. After obtaining your explicit consent;
2. Disclosure based on law: We may publicly disclose your user information when required by
							laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or government authorities.
(4) Exceptions to prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, and publicly
							disclosing information
Please understand that according to laws and regulations and relevant national standards,
							we do not need your authorization and consent to share, transfer and publicly disclose your
							user information in the following situations:
1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of
							judgments;
4. In order to protect your or other personal life, property and other major legitimate
							rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
5. Information you disclose to the public by yourself;
6. Collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports,
							government information disclosure and other channels.
4. How do we protect your user information
(1) We have used industry-standard security measures to protect the user information you
							provide to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss
							of the data. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your user information.
							For example, when data is exchanged between your browser and the "service", it is protected
							by SSL encryption; we also provide https secure browsing methods for the website; we will
							use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted
							protection mechanisms Prevent data from being maliciously attacked; we will deploy access
							control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access user information; and
							we will conduct security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees'
							awareness of the importance of protecting user information.
(2) We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant user
							information is not collected. We will only retain your user information for as long as is
							necessary to achieve the purposes described in this policy, unless an extension of the
							retention period is required or permitted by law.
(3) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and emails, instant messaging,
							and communication with other users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not
							send user information through such methods.
(4) The Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will try our best to ensure the
							security of any information you send to us. Even if we make great efforts and take all
							reasonable and necessary measures, it may still be impossible to prevent your user
							information from being illegally accessed, illegally stolen, illegally tampered with or
							destroyed, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests. Please understand
							the above risks of the information network and take it voluntarily.
(5) In the event of an unfortunate user information security incident, we will promptly
							inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation
							and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will
							take, and you can prevent and Recommendations to reduce risk, remedies for you, etc. We will
							promptly notify you of the relevant information of the event by email, letter, telephone,
							push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform users of the information one by one,
							we will publish announcements in a reasonable and effective way. At the same time, we will
							also actively report the handling of user information security incidents in accordance with
							the requirements of regulatory authorities.
5. Your rights
According to relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards, and common practices in other
							countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights over your user
							information:
(1) Access your user information
You have the right to access your user information, subject to exceptions provided by laws
							and regulations. If you would like to exercise your data access rights, you can email to
btingedu@hotmail.com
, we will respond to your
							request for access within 30 days.
We will provide you with other user information generated during your use of our products
							or services as long as we do not need to invest too much. If you would like to exercise your
							data access rights, please send an email to
btingedu@hotmail.com
.
(2) Correct your user information
You have the right to ask us to make corrections when you find that the user information we
							process about you is inaccurate. You can apply for correction through the methods listed in
							"(1) Access to your user information". You can always email to
btingedu@hotmail.com
. We will respond to your
							correction request within 30 days.
(3) Delete your user information
You may request us to delete user information in the following circumstances:
1. If our handling of user information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your user information without your consent;
3. If our handling of user information violates our agreement with you;
4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you log out of your account;
5. If we no longer provide you with products or services.
We will evaluate your deletion request, and if the relevant regulations are met, we will
							take appropriate steps to deal with it. When you make a deletion request to us, we may
							require you to authenticate to protect the security of your account. When you delete
							information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information from the
							backup system immediately because of applicable laws and security technologies, and we will
							store your information securely until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
(4) Change the scope of your authorization and consent
Each business function requires some basic user information to be completed (see "Part 1"
							of this policy). For the collection and use of user information, you can give or withdraw
							your authorization and consent at any time.
When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding user
							information. At the same time, please note that your withdrawal of authorization and consent
							may lead to certain consequences. For example, we may not be able to continue to provide you
							with corresponding services or specific functions, but your decision to withdraw your
							consent will not affect the previous development based on your authorization. user
							information processing.
(5) User Information Subject Cancellation of Account
After canceling your account, we will stop providing you with products or services and
							delete or anonymize your information at your request, unless otherwise provided by laws and
							regulations. This may also cause you to lose access to the data in your account, please
							exercise caution.
(6) User information subject obtains a copy of user information
You are entitled to a copy of your user information by emailing
btingedu@hotmail.com
, we will respond to your
							request for access within 30 days.
On the premise of technical feasibility, such as data interface matching, we can also
							directly transmit a copy of your user information to a third party designated by you
							according to your request.
(7) Automatic decision-making of constraint information system
In some business functions, we may only rely on non-human automatic decision-making
							mechanisms including information systems, algorithms, etc. to make decisions. If these
							decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to
							ask us to explain and we will provide appropriate remedies.
(8) Respond to your above request
For security, you may be required to provide a written request, or otherwise identify
							yourself. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
For your reasonable requests, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated requests
							that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost as appropriate. We may reject
							requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example,
							the need to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to
							the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical. Please also
							understand that due to security considerations, requirements of relevant laws and
							regulations or technical limitations, we may not be able to respond to some of your
							requests, such as the following situations:
1. It is related to the user information controller's performance of the obligations
							stipulated by laws and regulations;
2. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
3. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
4. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of
							judgments;
5. The user information controller has sufficient evidence to show that the user
							information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
6. It is difficult to obtain the consent of the user for the purpose of safeguarding the
							life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of the user's information
							subject or other individuals;
7. Responding to the request of the user information subject will cause serious damage to
							the legitimate rights and interests of the user information subject or other individuals or
							organizations;
8. Involving commercial secrets.
6. How we handle children's personal information
We take the protection of children's personal information very seriously, and our products,
							websites and services are primarily aimed at adults. Children should not create their own
							user accounts without parental or guardian consent. Although local laws and customs define
							children differently, we consider anyone under the age of 14 to be a child.
For the collection of child user information with the consent of a parent or guardian, we
							will only store, use or publicly disclose this information to the extent permitted by law,
							express consent of the parent or guardian, or necessary to protect the child, otherwise we
							will Try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
Given the limitations of existing technologies and business models, it is difficult for us
							to proactively identify children's personal information. If you find that we have collected
							children's personal information without your knowledge or without the prior consent of a
							verifiable guardian, You can contact us in time, and we will try to delete it in time after
							we find it. If we find the above situation, we will also delete it in time, unless the law
							requires us to keep it.
7. How your user information is stored and transferred globally
In principle, the user information we collect and generate will be stored in the territory
							of the People's Republic of China. We will only retain your user information for the period
							required for the purposes and purposes described in this policy and the shortest period
							specified by laws and regulations. After the above retention period, we will delete your
							user information in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations or
							Anonymization processing. As otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or for the purpose
							of public interest, scientific and historical research, etc., or with your other
							authorization and consent, we may need to retain relevant data for a longer period of time.
8. How to update this policy
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy
							Policy without your express consent. We will post any changes to this policy on this page.
For breaking changes, we will also provide a more prominent notice. Material changes
							referred to in this policy include, but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has undergone major changes. Such as the purpose of processing user
							information, the type of user information processed, the way of using user information,
							etc.;
2. We have made significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc.
							Such as business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers, etc. caused by changes in owners, etc.;
3. The main objects of user information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have
							changed;
4. Your right to participate in the processing of user information and its exercise method
							have undergone major changes;
5. When there are changes to the responsible department, contact information and complaint
							channels that we are responsible for handling user information security;
6. When the user information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a
							high risk.
9. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please
							contact us at Mail:
btingedu@hotmail.com
Generally, we will reply within 30 days.
10. Others
We reserve and own the right to interpret, modify and update the above policy.
Home
About us
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
User Agreement
©2011-2030 Chinaihs Inc.All Rights Reserved.