Application Privacy Statement
This privacy statement ("Privacy Statement") applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the associated iOS application ("Application"). The Application is provided by NKO Ventures LLC. By using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES NKO VENTURES LLC COLLECT?
NKO Ventures LLC DOES NOT collect any type of data by default for the users with free and paid individual editions. By "collect", we mean that the Application doesn't transmit any data to NKO Ventures LLC or to any 3rd party. Although the Application includes an optional signing in, it's not needed for primary functionality of the Application.
IF I CHOOSE AN OPTION TO SIGN IN, WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES NKO VENTURES LLC COLLECT?
Although it's not necessary, you can sign in to receive some additional secondary services. Please note that all secondary functionalities that require signing in can be alternatively achieved by other means, though it may take additional time and steps.
Optional signing in allows us to provide the following secondary services to users: automatic synchronization of decks in shared folders between different devices and support of classes for all users, as well as an online access to the decks in shared folders and classes for paid users.
If a user decides to sign in, we may collect the following types of information to provide additional secondary services mentioned above: email address or Facebook ID, flashcards in shared folders and classes.
HOW DOES NKO VENTURES LLC USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?
NKO Ventures LLC uses the information described in this Privacy Statement (i) internally, to analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and (ii) provide additional secondary services.
APPLICATION PARTNER TREATMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
NKO Ventures LLC DOES NOT provide personal information to any Application Partner.
WILL NKO VENTURES LLC SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only as described below.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if NKO Ventures LLC, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that NKO Ventures LLC goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of NKO Ventures LLC may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Protection of NKO Ventures LLC and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of NKO Ventures LLC, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
CONDITIONS OF USE.
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of Washington state law.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES.
The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under NKO Ventures LLC's control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by NKO Ventures LLC of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and NKO Ventures LLC is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS?
NKO Ventures LLC allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list may change in the event the Application changes.
- Account and user profile information
- User e-mail address or Facebook ID, if applicable
- User preferences
- Application specific data
CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION?
NKO Ventures LLC does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents' consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child's app experience.
HOW TO DELETE PERSONAL INFORMATION (FLASHCARDS)?
If you use shared folders or/and classes, simply delete, remove, or export your decks in the Application and they will be deleted on our server. NKO Ventures LLC does not collect any information stored in the Application locally outside shared folders and classes.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
NKO Ventures LLC may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at nkoventuresllc @ gmail.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Effective Date: December 17, 2020
Copyright © 2021 NKO Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved. |
Privacy
| nkoventuresllc @ gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://nkoapps.com/privacy.html:
Not Found
The requested URL /privacy.html was not found on this server.