Privacy Policy
For your added protection this website subscribes to and complies with the voluntary privacy principles contained in the Electronic Communications and Transactions Act 25 of 2002. We will not disclose personal information in any manner not set out in this policy.
Definitions
"this website" means
https://www.iol.co.za
"the website owner" and "we" means Independent Online SA (Pty) Ltd
"user" means any person accessing any part of the website
Status and Amendments
1. This Privacy Policy forms part of the
 Terms and conditions of use
 of this website. If you do not agree with this Policy then you may not use this website.
2. The website owner reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy at any time. While the website owner will attempt to flag changes to this Policy as and when implemented, users remain at all times responsible for ensuring that they are aware of the current terms of this Policy whenever accessing this website, and continued use of the site subsequent to any amendments having been affected constitutes users' acceptance of the Policy as amended.
Collection of personal data
3. Where personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information) is submitted to the site by the user, for example through sending an e-mail or filling in required fields, the following principles are observed in the handling of that information:
This website collects, processes and stores only such personal information regarding users as is necessary to provide the services offered. The specific purpose for which information is collected is apparent from the context in which it is requested.
This website will not use the personal information submitted for any other purpose other than the efficient provision of services, including this website and services offered through it by third-parties, without obtaining the prior written approval of the user or unless required to do so by law.
This website will keep records of all personal information collected and the specific purpose for which it was collected for a period of one year from the date on which it was last used.
This website will not disclose any personal information regarding a user to any third-party unless the prior written agreement of the user is obtained or the website is required or permitted to do so by law.
If information is released with the user's consent this website will retain a record of the information released, the third-party to which it was released, the reason for the release and the date of release, for a period of one year.
This website will destroy or delete any personal information under its control which has become obsolete.
4. Information collected about users through their use of this website is the property of the website owner.
5. The website owner will retain all ownership of and copyright in any database of users' personal information.
6. No credit card information is retained or stored by the website owner.
7. Note that, as permitted by the ECT Act, this website may use personal information collected to compile profiles for statistical purposes and trade in these profiles. No information contained in the profiles or statistics will be able to be linked to any specific user.
Collection of anonymous data
8. In order to provide the best possible and most relevant service, this website may use standard technology to collect information about the use of this site. This technology is not able to identify individual users but simply allows this website to collect statistics.
9. This website utilises cookies. A cookie is a small file that is placed on the user's hard drive in order to keep a record of a user's interaction with this website.
Cookies from this website allow the website owner to tailor advertising and other services to your displayed preferences. The website may use third-party cookies from an ad server for this purpose.
Cookies by themselves cannot be used to personally identify users but will be used to compile anonymised statistics relating to use of services offered or to provide us with feedback on the performance of this website.
10. If a user does not wish cookies to be employed to customise his or her interaction with this website it is possible to alter the manner in which their browser handles cookies. Please note that, if this is done, certain services on this website may not be available.
Access to personal data
11. Where a user believes that personal data concerning them held by the website owner is outdated or incorrect they may request that such personal data be corrected - please
contact us
.Any request for such a correction must specify both the incorrect data and the proposed correction and must give full reasons for the request.
12. Users can request access to any relevant personal data held by the website owner as laid out in the Promotion of Access to Information Act No 2 of 2000 (“PAIA”) and where such access is necessary for them to exercise and/or protect any of their rights. A copy of PAIA can be obtained
here
.
13. Detailed information on PROATIA and the procedure to follow in making a request for access to personal data is available in the website owner’s Promotion of Access to Information Manual and from the website of the Human Rights Commission –
https://www.sahrc.org.za/
.
Links to other websites
14. We have no control over and accept no responsibility for the privacy practices of any third party sites to which hyperlinks may have been provided and we strongly recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site you visit before using it further.
Security
15. While reasonable measures are taken to ensure the security and integrity of information submitted to this site, this website can not under any circumstances be held liable for any loss or other damage sustained by a user or users as a result of the intentional or accidental release of information by an employee of the website owner or any third party.
16. Users and/or subscribers are prohibited from releasing their username and/or password to any other person.
Children's privacy
17. We regard the safety and privacy of children using this website extremely seriously but it remains the ultimate responsibility of the parents and other care-givers of children to ensure that they are not exposed to inappropriate content or behaviour.
Queries
18. If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy please
contact us
Date of Last Review 15 January 2009
prepared by the
electronic law consultancy
.