We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
Learn More
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
OK
Decline
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
{title}
Book
Book for Now or Later
Go anywhere with Lynk - book in seconds, arrives in minutes
Book Online
Download App
Call Number
01 8 20 20 20
Call
01 8 20 20 20
Business
Reliable Travel for Employees and Guests
Save time, cut costs and manage how your business moves with Lynk Business
Learn More
Contact Us
Driver
One App. Thousands of High Value Passengers
Make the most of your time on the road. Pay 0% commission on cash, card* & hotel fares with Lynk
* For Lynk bookings with card-in-car payments, on your own device.
Get Driver App
Learn more
Looking for a Taxi
01 8 20 20 20
Prebook your next taxi with Lynk by app, online or give us a call
Pick a vehicle for any journey & pay your way by cash or card
Download the Lynk Taxi App
What’s your
favourite
way to book?
Get the App
Book on the go with the Lynk Taxi App. Book in a tap, track your taxi and add a card for effortless contactless payments.
Get the App
Book Online
Easily book from any desktop or mobile device. Book as a guest for a once off booking or create a Personal or Business account.
Book Online
Register for Free
Call to Book
We’re always here to take your booking. Speak with one of our booking support team by phone. Save the number 01 8 20 20 20
01 8 20 20 20
Multiple
ways to travel
Slide
to see more information.
Any Taxi
• Quickest option
We’ll get the next available taxi to you.
Saloon
• 4 seater taxi
Usually lower to the ground for easier access.
Van
• 6 – 8 seater taxi
Perfect for a small group or large family heading to the airport.
Accessible
• Wheelchair accessible taxi
A vehicle designed with ramps and restraints so wheelchair users can travel in comfort.
Electric / Hybrid
• Eco taxis
A mix of both electric and hybrid taxis for a greener journey.
Simplify
how your business books and pays for taxis
A taxi booking and payment solution for businesses across multiple industries. Get your team or your guests where they need to go with Lynk Business - an all in one booking platform designed for business.
Learn More
Contact Us
Benefits of
Lynk Business
A fast, reliable and convenient way to travel. All business customers get a premium service with Lynk
Card or Bill Pay
Priority Booking
Bespoke Invoicing
Unlimited Users
Security Pins & Passwords
Account Manager
Learn more
Simple
software
that excels
Solutions for every industry
Corporate
Business trips & events.
Healthcare
Dedicated patient & carer transportation.
Hospitality
Guest & client booking.
Learn more
Lynk Drivers
Pay Less
Drive your taxi with Lynk and get more from your time on the road. Download the driver app and gain access to thousands of high quality, high value reliable passengers.
Get Driver App
Learn more
Benefits
of
driving with Lynk
Average fares of €35
Gain access to high value passengers. We’re known for having some of the most reliable passengers in Dublin.
0% commission on cash, card* & hotel fares
Stop paying high commissions on every booking. All cash, card and hotel fares are free with Lynk. You only pay commission on account fares.
Driver support team
Have an issue or need assistance with a booking? Lynk has a driver support team dedicated to helping drivers 24/7.
Better cost management for you
Gain full access from only €85 per week. Unlimited earnings with bookings available Mon –Sun. Options also available for Pay Per Job drivers.
Easy to use app
Simple and user friendly driver app which shows your position in your zone and upcoming prebookings available.
Get Driver App
Learn more
Customer
Ratings
Lynk Passenger App
Scan QR code to download
Lynk Driver App
Scan QR code to download