Privacy Policy
JCTROIS Inc. ("jctrois") operates several applications (“apps”) including Daily Bible Devotion, PhotoVerse, Beyond Bible Devotion, and Daily Inspiration and their website counterparts. It is jctrois's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our apps and websites.
Apps and Website Visitors
Like most apps and website operators, jctrois collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. jctrois's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how jctrois's visitors use its website. From time to time, jctrois may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
jctrois also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on jctrois posts. jctrois only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to jctrois's apps and websites choose to interact with jctrois in ways that require jctrois to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that jctrois gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account on http://jctrois.com to provide a username and email address. In each case, jctrois collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with jctrois. jctrois does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain app and website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
jctrois may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its apps and websites. jctrois may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, jctrois does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
jctrois discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on jctrois's behalf or to provide services available at jctrois's apps and websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using jctrois's apps and websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. jctrois will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, jctrois discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when jctrois believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of jctrois, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a jctrois app or website and have supplied your email address, jctrois may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with jctrois and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. jctrois takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. jctrois uses cookies to help jctrois identify and track visitors, their usage of jctrois website, and their website access preferences. jctrois visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using jctrois's websites, with the drawback that certain features of jctrois's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our apps and websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer or device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by jctrois and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, jctrois may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in jctrois's sole discretion. jctrois encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.