English
|
Français
|
Español
|
Deutsch
|
LoungeUp Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
Fair information
Practices
COPPA
Our Contact Information
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used within our app LoungeUp. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our app.
What personal information do we collect from the people that use our app?
When ordering, sending messages or filling forms in our app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, respond to a survey, fill out a form or send a message in our app.
We also collect your location (with iBeacon emitters or wifi access points) while you move
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
•
To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
•
To be able to answer you through other means of communication like email or SMS.
•
To quickly and efficiently process your transactions.
•
To provide you with information that may be interesting based on your location
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website and app hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website and app, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
LoungeUp SAS
19 rue Martel
F-75010 Paris
FRANCE
contact@loungeup.com
+33.184168220