This website uses cookies. We use cookies to personalise content and ads and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Privacy Policy
Got it!
⌃
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
As the iSKI community continues to grow, we are making changes to provide the best possible experience for our users. To support our innovative portfolio of apps and products, and to enhance transparency, we have prepared an updated privacy statement. Please take the time to read it below. From October 26th, 2017 your use of the iSKI.cc website and our iSKI apps means you consent to this new privacy statement.
If you have any questions or comments, please contact our Support team.
support@iSKI.cc
Thank you for being a part and member of the iSKI community.
1. IN GENERAL
1.1 iSKI Products. The concept of intermaps Ltd. (“iSKI”) apps and the iSKI.cc platform (together the “iSKI Products”) is based in part on the publication of details regarding individual users by making such details accessible to other users via the iSKI Products and social networks, e.g. Facebook.
1.2 Compliance with Data Protection Laws. The collection, administration and use of personal details by iSKI complies with applicable data protection laws by ensuring that, amongst others and subject to 3.1, each user is able to decide himself/herself, which personal details shall be made accessible to other users.
2. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY iSKI
2.1 Personally Identifiable Information. iSKI collects information from users upon registration on its website (the “Registration” and a user then a “Registered User”) and in connection with the use of any of the iSKI Products. Personal identifiable information (personenbezogene Daten) within the meaning of § 4.1 of the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG 2000) shall be saved and used in particular in order to offer new applications to the user, to improve such applications and conform them to the users' needs
2.2 Data Collection. Upon Registration, certain user data is collected in several ways (the “Registration Information”)
2.2.1 Mandatory Information. Certain information has to be given by a user in order to register for iSKI Products, such as:
Email address;
First and last name;
Gender;
Birthday
2.2.2 Optional Information. Certain information is optional during Registration and can also be added or deleted later on by the user, such as:
Personal Information:
Address (street, postcode, city, country);
Profile picture;
Family status;
Height and weight;
Reason and Motivation:
Sports level (beginner, advanced, professional);
Description;
Motivation for doing sports; and
Sports types;
Contact information:
Phone, website; and
Twitter, Skype
2.3 Additional User Data. After registration different types of data are collected by iSKI (the “Additional User Data” and, together with the Registration Information, the “User Information”), such as:
Activities (e.g. distance, time, calories, duration, training days, elevation, pulse, max pulse rate), location data and maps of activities;
Routes;
Photos;
Live Tracking, see Section 3.2;
User statistics and Leader board; and
Friendships
3. PRIVACY SETTINGS AND LIVE TRACKING
3.1 Privacy Settings. Every user can change the privacy settings applicable to his or her account for iSKI Products
3.1.1 General. In this way, the user can decide for different categories (e.g. profile data, activities, maps), subject to 2.2.2 and 2.3, who can see the User Information collected: all users, friends, or nobody. The default privacy settings are set to “friends” for all users.
3.1.2 Exceptions. The following information is visible to all users and cannot be set to “nobody” in the privacy settings: first name, last name, and avatar.
3.1.3 Leader board. The leader board function, in which the users can compare their activities to their friends', is automatically activated in the user’s profile for all iSKI Products.
3.2 Live Tracking. The iSKI Products include a "Live Tracking" feature (“Live Tracking”), which enables all users to see the route and data, including heart rates, of such user's sports activity on certain of the iSKI Products. Live Tracking can only be either activated or deactivated for all users. Live Tracking is deactivated by default and can be activated by a user at his or her own discretion before each activity. By activating the feature, the user accepts the responsibility for such activation at his or her own risk. If the user does not want to give all users access to his or her training route and data, then Live Tracking should not be activated
4. USE AND SHARING OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE AND NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
4.1 Confidentiality and Security. iSKI deems all user information confidential and does not disclose such information without the express informed consent of the user. iSKI has implemented reasonable security policies and procedures designed to protect user information.
4.2 Registration. With Registration, the user explicitly agrees that iSKI shall have the right to use all collected personally identifiable information, for purposes of the iSKI Products and generally agrees with this Privacy Policy.
4.3 Sharing of Information. iSKI does not pass on personally identifiable information (see Section 2, above) to third parties, except as response to lawful requests from federal, state, local, or foreign law and civil enforcement agencies, as required by law, or with the explicit consent of the user, especially as set forth herein. iSKI implements all reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized access by third parties to saved details.
4.3.1 iSKI transfers information of Registered Users to (i) other health and fitness services after Registered Users explicitly consent to the transfer when they connect to such services; and (ii) vendors, service providers, and other partners such as Google Analytics, Emarsys, Amazon Web Services (AWS), who help iSKI to provide and improve its services, such as providing technical infrastructure services or analyzing how the services perform or how they are used
4.3.2 Sensitive Data. Sensitive Data (sensible Daten) within the meaning of the DSG, such as heart rate data, will never be shared with advertisers or similar agencies
4.4 Advertising. The user explicitly consents to the storage and use of non-personally identifiable information for purposes of newsletter marketing or on iSKI.cc by iSKI/intermaps Ltd. or its partners.
4.5 Transmission and/or use of data within the iSKI/intermaps group. iSKI receives information from, and shares information with, its affiliates, agents, and business partners in the iSKI/intermaps group, e.g. BMW. The User Information shared with this group is aggregated data compiled from the information that it collects from Registered Users. We may use the information we receive from the group, and they may use the information we share with them, to help operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our services and their offerings
4.6 Heart Rate Monitor. Personal health information collected and stored by iSKI, and subsequently shared by the user via Heart Rate Monitor, may not be protected under the American Health insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
5. PLUGINS AND WIDGETS FOR SOCIAL MEDIA
5.1 The iSKI Products include social media plugins, such as (i) Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; (ii) Google +, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043; (iii) Twitter, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; (iv) WhatsApp, WhatsApp Inc., 650 Castro Street, Suite 120-219, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA.
5.2 Such plugins can recognize a user’s IP address and the page visited on the iSKI.cc platform and, possibly, store cookies, so that the services offered by iSKI work properly. Social media plugins and widgets are hosted either by third party providers or directly by us. Your interactions with these plugins are subject to this privacy policy or the privacy policy of any third party that offers such feature. iSKI is not responsible for the use of, or guidelines regarding the use of, personal data by third party providers.
5.3 Users may recognize the respective plugins, e.g., by the respective logo or other respective characteristic typical for the respective social media-platform on our pages. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here:
http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
. You can find an overview of Google+-plugins here:
https://developers.google.com/+/web/
. You can find an overview of Twitter-plugins here:
https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview
.
5.4 If a user interacts with the plugins, e. g. by clicking on the Facebook "Like-Button" or entering a comment, while being logged in to such user's Social Media-account on Facebook, Google+, or Twitter, a user links the contents of the iSKI pages to his or her respective social media-profile. Thereby, Facebook/Google+/Twitter can associate a user's visit of the iSKI page or use of iSKI Products with such user's social media-account. iSKI/intermaps Ltd. as the provider of the iSKI Products does not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its usage by Facebook, Google+, or Twitter. Users can also share finished activites via Whatsapp. Users can find more information on the issue of data transmission in the privacy policy of the respective social media-platform:
Facebook:
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google+:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Whatsapp:
https://twitter.com/privacy
5.5 If users do not want to have the respective social media-platform associate their visits on our site with their social media-account, users must log out from their social media-account.
6. COOKIES
6.1 General. Several areas of the iSKI.cc website use 'cookies' ─ small text files that are placed on the user's computer and stored by the browser. They are used by iSKI to provide a more user-friendly, effective and secure service. Cookies also enable iSKI to identify a user's browser and offer services to such user. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
6.2 Installation. You can prevent the installation of cookies by entering the corresponding settings in your browser software. However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the complete range of functions of the iSKI.cc platform to its full extent.
7. GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND APP ANALYTICS
7.1 The iSKI Products use Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses 'cookies' (see Section 6, above). The information about your visit collected by the cookies, including your IP address, is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and saved there. To the extent that the iSKI Products have activated IP anonymization, Google first abbreviates your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA or Asia and abbreviated there. Google will use the information collected on behalf of the website operator to evaluate your use of the iSKI Products, to compile reports about your activities within the iSKI Products, and to provide further services to iSKI related to use of the iSKI Products and Internet use. Google will under no circumstances associate the IP address transmitted by your browser within the operations of Google Analytics with other Google data.
7.2 You can prevent the data related to your use of the iSKI.cc platform, including your IP address, generated by the cookies from being recorded by Google and Google's processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin from the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
7.3 Furthermore, you can prevent the future data capture by setting an Opt Out-Cookie via the following link: Deactivate Google Analytics Further information regarding terms of use and privacy provisions may be found on the websites
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
and
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/
. The iSKI Products expanded the Google Analytics-Service with the “anonymizeIP”-Code to anonymize the user’s IP-address.
7.4 The iSKI Products use Google DoubleClick for Publishers (“DFP”). DFP uses Cookies to provide the user with user-relevant advertisements – further information may be found at
https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
. The user may disable the DFP’s cookie placement and the placement of user-relevant advertisements for use of the iSKI.cc platform via the website:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
8. GOOGLE FIT
8.1 General. The app provides the possibility to connect with Google Fit. For this purpose the users have to sign in with their Google account and agree to the required permissions.
8.2 Use of data. The app accesses physical activity data (Walking, running, …) from Google Fit and visualizes them in the app. The users can choose single activities in order to add them to their iSKI community account.
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
9.1. Changes to this Privacy Policy require the consent of the respective user, to whom the changed Privacy Policy shall apply. If iSKI intends to implement such changes, it will give the user as much prior notice of such changes as possible. Such notice shall be made on the relevant pages of the iski.cc platform or on any other device through which the user accesses the iSKI Products. Any such modifications will take effect within thirty days of publication. This policy was last modified on 26th October, 2017.
10. DELETION OF USER INFORMATION
10.1 In case of a termination of the Registered User’s account
10.1.1 All personal details provided by the user upon Registration shall be deactivated. Any details made public by the user, e.g., routes, notes on other Registered Users’ walls, will be (i) anonymized, i.e., it will be made clear that such details were provided by a deleted user, or (ii) deleted, in the event of cancellation, within thirty days; and
10.1.2 Upon the Registered User’s request, all User Information not required for iSKI’s performance of contractual obligations or compliance with statutory retention obligations, shall be irrevocably deleted. The user shall request such deletion by email sent to delete.account@iSKI.cc, which shall include the email address provided to iSKI upon Registration, or via the website. iSKI will comply with such requests within twenty days and maintain a record of the deletion for one year after the deletion
11. YOUR CONSENT
11.1 By using our site as a non-registered user, you consent to our privacy policy only for those areas not subject to Registration. Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and apps. https://iski.cc/en/privacy-iski.html
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 2
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies