Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 24, 2018
INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) describes the information collected by Yapp, Inc. (“
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
Yapp
”), how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and the options you have to control
  the dissemination and use of your information.
This Privacy Policy, together with our
Data Processing Addendum
and
Terms of Service
constitute a single, binding agreement (this “
Agreement
”). By using or accessing our website, located at
www.yapp.us
(“
Website
”), our
  Yapp mobile application (“
Yapp App
”) and/or other services we provide (collectively, the “
Services
”), you are accepting the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy and agreeing to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree with
  this Privacy Policy or the rest of this Agreement, then you must not access or use the Services.
DEFINITIONS
“
Cookie
” means a small piece of software that may be placed on a user’s machine during the use of our Website.
“
Personal Information
” or “
PII”
means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to identify, contact, or locate you, such as name, address, email address, IP address, login credentials, profile information,
  or phone number. Personal Information or PII excludes information that has been aggregated and/or anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual (“
non-PII
”).
“
You
” or “
you
” refers to Yapp Customers, End Users (each as defined below) or visitors respectively, or, if not specified, to all of these user groups.
YOUR INFORMATION
Information We Collect Automatically
When you use the Services, we automatically collect and store certain information about your computer or mobile device and your activities. This information includes:
Device Information/Specifications
. Technical information about your computer or mobile device (e.g., type of device, web browser or operating system, IP address and internet service provider) to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent fraud,
    track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information.
Length and Extent of Usage
. How long you used the Services and which services and features you used.
Information obtained through Cookies
. We use Cookies to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting and using the Services. “Cookies” are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors
  to our Website and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us to save user preferences and track user trends. We rely on Cookies for the proper operation of the Services; therefore if your browser is set to reject all Cookies,
  the Services may not function properly. Users who refuse Cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality with respect to the Services.
Information obtained through web beacons
. “Web beacons” (also known as “clear gifs” and “pixel tags”) are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with Cookies in order to further personalize the Services for our users
  and to collect a limited set of information about our visitors including geographical location, length and extent of usage, and whether visitors have signed up for a free trial or subscription. We may also use web beacons in email communications in
  order to understand the behavior of our customers, such as whether an email has been opened or acted upon.
Information You Provide Directly to Us
Yapp Customers.
To the extent you have contacted us regarding the Services, created a user account or otherwise contacted us through the Services (including by using or accessing the Yapp Apps), the Agreement refers to you as a “
Customer
.”
    Customers can use the Services to easily create customized mobile applications called “
Customer Apps
.” When you become a Customer, you provide us with some or all of the following information:
Your first and last name, username, password and email address.
Profile photo (at your option).
Your payment information including billing address and credit card information.
End Users.
To the extent you are accessing or using a Customer App that you have not created using your own Account, you are classified as an End User. When you access or use a Customer App, you may be asked to provide Personal Information for
  your profile, depending on the requirements of the Yapp Customer creating and designing the application. Such information may include some or all of the following:
First name, last name, email address, photo/profile image, company and/or website.
Linked social media accounts such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn.
You may be given the option to login using Facebook. In this case, we collect the login identifier from this account.
You may send messages to other End Users or connect with them, in which case we will collect records and data reflecting your interactions with the other users.
Information We Obtain From Facebook.
When registering with the Services, you may be given the option to sign in using your Facebook login credentials or to link your Facebook account to your Customer Account. If you do so, you are authorizing us
  to access certain Facebook account information. By allowing us to access your Facebook account, you understand that we may obtain certain information from your Facebook account, including your name, email address, and profile picture. We only obtain
  information from your Facebook account that you specifically authorize and grant us permission to obtain.
How We Use Your Information
General Purposes
. Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we may use the information we collect from you for the following purposes:
to improve your user experience and help you efficiently access your information and the platform after you log-in;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
provide push notifications from the Yapp App, with your consent;
communicate with you about the Services and related offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you;
monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
ensure the security and integrity of the Services;
investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities; and
provide, maintain, and improve the Services and our overall business.
Email Addresses
. We use your email address for both “administrative” (e.g., confirming your registration) and, with your consent, “promotional” (e.g., newsletters, new listings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers)
  purposes. Email messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the email was opened and what links (if any) were clicked. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails and other
  promotional communications from us at any time via the opt-out links provided in such communications, or by e-mailing legal@yapp.us with your specific request. However, we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Services
  such as service announcements, security alerts, update notices, or other administrative messages) without affording you the opportunity to opt in or out of receiving such communications.
Use for Research
. In addition to the uses outlined above, by using the Services, you agree to allow us to anonymously use the information from you and your experiences participating in events to continue our research into event patterns and general
  trends, so that we may continue to improve the the Services experience for users and the general public. This research may be published in our blogs or interviews. However, all of your responses will be kept anonymous, and no Personal Information will
  be published.
Financial information
. We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases, subscriptions or sales made on the Services, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed
  to manage our business. We transmit your financial information so that we can pass it along to the payment processor. We do not collect or store your payment information.
Sharing Your Information
The information we collect is used to improve the content and the quality of the Services, and without your consent we will not otherwise share your Personal Information to/with any other party(s) for commercial purposes, except: to provide the Services,
  when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Public Information
. Public information is any information you share with a public audience, as well as information in your Public Profile, or content you share on another public forum or on public comments. Public information is available to
    anyone on or off our the Services and can be seen or accessed through online search engines, APIs, and offline media. When you comment on another person’s post, your comment will also be public.
Service Providers
. We may share your information with our third-party service providers that support various aspects of our business operations (e.g., analytics providers, security and technology providers, and payment processors).
Business Transfers
. We may transfer your information to another company in connection with a merger, corporate restructuring, sale of any or all of our assets, or in the event of bankruptcy.
Aggregate Data
. We may combine non-PII we collect with additional non-PII collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated, non-PII with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general
  business analysis.
Your Rights and Choices
Where applicable law requires (and subject to any relevant exceptions under law), you may have the right to access, update, change or delete Personal Information.
You can access, update, change or delete Personal Information (or that of your End Users) either directly in your account or by contacting us at legal@yapp.us to request the required changes. You can exercise your other rights (including deleting your
  Account) by contacting us at the same email address. You can also delete your account by submitting your email address to
http://www.yapp.us/deletion
.
You can also elect not to receive marketing communications by changing your preferences in your Account or by following the unsubscribe instruction in such communications.
If you remove information that you posted to the Services, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Services, or if other users or third parties using any available API have copied or saved that information. In addition, following
  termination or deactivation of your account, we may retain information (including your profile information) and user content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. If you want any Personal Information permanently
  deleted, you must request such deletion by contacting us at
legal@yapp.us
.
Additionally, if we rely on consent for the processing of your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. When you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your data that was completed before your consent
  withdrawal.
If you are an End User of a Customer App, the Customer that created or manages the app may have Personal Information about you. You must contact that Customer to exercise your rights with respect to any information they hold about you.
End User Information
Yapp Customers are responsible for what they do with the Personal Information they collect, directly or through Yapp, about their End Users. Customers are solely responsible for complying with any laws and regulations that apply to the collection and
  use of End Users’ information, including Personal Information Customers collect about End Users from us or by using Yapp’s functionality, Cookies or similar technologies.
Yapp is not liable for any Customer’s relationship with their End Users or for such Customer’s collection and use of an End User’s Personal Information (even if you collect it from us directly or using Yapp functionality, Cookies or similar technologies).
  Yapp cannot provide its Customers with any legal advice regarding collection of Personal Information.
End Users’ payment information may be processed via third party payment processors, whose services you may link to into your Customer Apps. Such links may allow your third party payment processors to collect End User’s payment information in accordance
  with such payment processor’s terms of service and privacy policy. We do not collect or store End Users’ payment information.
THIRD PARTY SITES
The Services may contain links to other websites. If you choose to click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation
  with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own Cookies or other files on your computer, collect
  data or solicit Personal Information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the Personal Information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you
  visit.
HOW WE RESPOND TO LEGAL REQUESTS OR PREVENT HARM
We may access, preserve and share your information without notice or consent from you in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding
  to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
  We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; or to prevent
  death or imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information to third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud and abuse on and off of our the Services. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed
  and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. We also may retain
  information from accounts disabled for violations of our terms for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other violations of our terms.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Website is a general audience site. However, our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or use Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided
  us with Personal Information, you may alert us at
legal@yapp.us
. Should we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete that information from our database and terminate the child’s account.
SECURING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security Measures
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, the inherent insecurity of the Internet and other factors, may compromise the security of your Personal Information at any time. Nevertheless, we strive to safeguard Personal Information to ensure
  that information is kept private and secure at all times. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards that are intended to appropriately protect against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration,
  unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse and any other unlawful form of processing of, the Personal Information in our possession. We employ security measures such as using firewalls to protect against intruders, building redundancies throughout our
  network (so that if one server goes down, another can cover for it) and testing for and protecting against network vulnerabilities.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Information regarding you or your use of the Services for as long as your Account is active or for as long as needed to provide you or our Customers with the Services. We also retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to
  achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, for example, to comply with our legal obligations, to protect us in the event of disputes and to enforce our agreements and to protect our and others’ interests.
The precise periods for which we keep your Personal Information vary depending on the nature of the information and why we need it. Factors we consider in determining these periods include the minimum required retention period prescribed by law or recommended
  as best practice, the period during which a claim can be made with respect to an agreement or other matter, whether the Personal Information has been aggregated or pseudonymized, and other relevant criteria. For example, the period we keep your email
  address is connected to how long your Account is active, while the period for which we keep a support message is based on how long has passed since the last submission in the thread.
As Customers may use the Services sporadically or come back to us after an Account becomes inactive, we don’t immediately delete your Personal Information when your trial expires or you cancel all Paid Services. Instead, we keep your Personal Information
  for a reasonable period of time, so it will be there for you if you come back.
You may delete your Account by contacting us at legal@yapp.us and we will delete the Personal Information we hold about you (unless we need to retain it for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy).
USING YAPP SERVICES FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
Data Transfers
If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using
  our Services, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Standards for Data Transfer
We conduct our data transfers in accordance with Chapter V of the European General Data Protection Regulation (the “
GDPR
”). Specifically, we conduct data transfers subject to the following standards:
Privacy Shield
. We transfer, in accordance with Article 45 of the GDPR, Personal Information to companies that have certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (each individually and jointly, the “
Privacy Shield
”).
Standard data protection clauses
. We may, in accordance with Article 46 of the GDPR, transfer Personal Information to recipients that have entered into a European Commission approved contract for the transfer of personal data outside the European
  Economic Area.
Other means
. We may, in accordance with Articles 45 and 46 of the GDPR, transfer personal information to recipients that are in a country the European Commission or a European data protection supervisory authority has confirmed, by decision, offers
  an adequate level of data protection, pursuant to an approved certification mechanism or code of conduct, together with binding enforcement commitments from the recipient to apply the appropriate safeguards, including as regards data subjects’ rights,
  or to processors which have committed to comply with binding corporate rules.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our Website from time to time
  to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at legal@yapp.us.