Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Management Solutions Australia (MSA) we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our mobile application products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
BELOW IS OUR PRIVACY POLICY WHICH INCORPORATES THESE GOALS:
MSA operates several websites including www.hrmanagementapp.com (collectively, the “Websites”), as well as a number of mobile and web applications (collectively, the “Applications”). It is MSA’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our Websites and Applications.
WEBSITE VISITORS AND APPLICATION USERS
MSA collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. MSA’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how MSA’s visitors use its Websites and Applications. From time to time, MSA may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Websites or Applications.
MSA also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. MSA does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
GATHERING OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Certain visitors to MSA’s Websites and users of MSA’s Applications choose to interact with MSA in ways that require MSA to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that MSA gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a mobile application to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with MSA – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, MSA collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with MSA. MSA does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website-related and Application-related activities..
AGGREGATED STATISTICS
MSA may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its Websites and users of its Applications. For instance, MSA may monitor the most popular Mobile Applications on an analytics dashboard. MSA may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, MSA does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
PROTECTION OF CERTAIN PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
MSA discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on MSA’s behalf or to provide services available at MSA’s Websites and Applications, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using MSA’s Websites and Applications, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. MSA will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, MSA discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when MSA believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of MSA, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an MSA Websites or Applications and have supplied your email address, MSA may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with MSA and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. MSA takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
COOKIES
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the Website each time the visitor returns. MSA uses cookies to help MSA identify and track visitors, their usage of the MSA Websites, and their website access preferences. MSA visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using MSA’s Websites, with the drawback that certain features of MSA’s Websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Advertisements appearing on any of our Websites or Applications may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by MSA and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
IP ADDRESSES
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
LINKS ON OUR WEBSITES
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Websites linked to or from our Website or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Website.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our Website, is subject to that Website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
SHARING AND SELLING INFORMATION
We do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the information that uniquely identify a subscriber (such as email addresses or personal details) with anyone except to the extent it is necessary to process transactions or provide services to you that you have requested.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our Website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us at the usual address.
CHOICE/OPT-IN/OPT-OUT
MSA allows visitors to unsubscribe so that they will not receive future messages. After unsubscribing we will discontinue sending the particular messages as soon as technically feasible.
UNDER 18S
Minors are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and we ask that children (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
ACQUISITION OR CHANGES IN OWNERSHIP
In the event that the web site (or a substantial portion of its assets) is acquired, your information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of those assets that are transferred.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Although most changes are likely to be minor, MSA may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in MSA’ sole discretion. MSA encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have an MSA account, you should also check your dashboard and the MSA news blog and newsletter for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
To find out more see our
Terms of Service
.
If you have any questions about this statement, or your dealings with this Website and/or it’s Applications,
please contact us here
.
This work is licensed under a
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License
.
Note: This Privacy Policy document is available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license. This document is derived from the original work by Automattic Inc., authors of the world famous WordPress.com.
BDOW!
Share