CLASSIC MINER
The most fun game on the App Store
Features
Early(2011~2018):
Classic Miner is one of most popular online games. Now it’s available on iOS. Hope you will enjoy it!
* Aim on the gold while the hook swings, and click on the screen to release the hook.
* Each level has it’s own random maps. So it won’t be the same experience every time when you start this game.
Advance(2018~Now):
After years of exploration, Classic Miner finally found more gold mines. Classic Miner use skilled techniques to dig gold and diamond to earn more cash. Let’s work together to mine new mines to be billionaire!
Start
Let's start!
Classic Level
To play as if back to childhood!
Classic Level
Our common memories
Advance Level
To challenge new gold mines!
Advance Level
Earn more cash to be billionaire!
Store
Various props can help you!
Screenshots
Game Center
Ranking so far
Weekly Ranking
Today Ranking
About
Apps
Classic Miner
Classic Games
Insist on providing the best creative, smooth and simple use experience to all people!
Download Now
Back to the happy moments of childhood!
DOWNLOAD
Connect With Us
Email: classicminer.app@gmail.com
Privacy Policy
We do not collect and save from your social account in any form or sell any information to advertisers or other operators.
Information Collection and Use:
Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the service, to administer and assist you in administering your account on the service and to provide you with a better experience with the service.
Personal information
When you share information through social accounts may be asked to enter the account and password. App does not save account and password in any form or collect and save any personal information in any form on your social account.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this service.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Privacy Policy Terms
Use this app mean you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this app. We reserve the right, in our decision to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Publish any changes to these terms if you continue to use our app future will mean that you have accepted these adjustments.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do the necessary actions.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
classicminer.app@gmail.com
Cookie Use
We use cookies to ensure a smooth browsing experience.  By continuing we assume you accept the use of cookies.
Accept
Learn More