We at YunaSoft Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Company’) will handle all user information concerned with the Company’s AwesomeCalendar service and all its related services (hereinafter referred to collectively as the ‘Service’) in accordance with the following.
By using the Service, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Policy, as such Policy may be amended from time to time. Each time you use the Service, you agree and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy.
Acquired Information and Scope of Use
The Company shall use and acquire user information in the following ways:
User Information
When starting to use the AwesomeShare, the telephone number, and user name will be used for the following aims and purposes:
• 1) The user’s mobile phone number will be acquired in order to find other users of the Service who the user knows or may know and mark as a service user, as well as to confirm the identity of the user and prevent any unauthorized use of the Service.
• 2) The phone-book stored on the device will be used to find other users of the Service who the user knows or may know and mark as a service user, as well as to prevent any unauthorized use of the Service. (Any information in the phone-book is not stored in the server.)
Such information mentioned in the above sections cannot be seen by other users. When a Service account is deleted, the Company shall delete all such user information in accordance with company regulations.
The AwesomeShare is one of the function in AwesomeCalendar, if user does not use the AwesomeShare, the Service does not collect the phone number and user name.
Use of the Service
•  Logs
Upon access to the Service, the user’s IP address, browser type, and browser language etc., will be automatically obtained and stored. Such information will be used to analyze user environments, thereby enabling the Company to provide a better Service, as well as to prevent any unauthorized/fraudulent practices which interfere with normal Service operations.
• Device Information
The users’ device information (OS type, serial number, PC hardware information etc.) may be acquired at times. This information shall be used for the provision of a better service, as well as for identification purposes and prevention of any unauthorized/fraudulent practices which interfere with normal Service operations.
Purpose of User Information
Regarding the scope of usage, if usage rules and limitations have already been determined upon collection of a particular set of user information, as is the case concerning the use of phone-book data, the information concerned shall only be used in accordance with the scope of that particular function. For all other cases, the Company shall use the acquired personal information for the following purposes listed below:
• to find people who the user knows, or may know and mark them as friends
• to prevent any unauthorized/fraudulent use of the Service
• to offer an undisturbed and smooth Service to users
• to aggregate statistical data regarding the Service
• to conduct research and analysis aimed at reviewing and improving Services
• to enable the Company to deal effectively with user inquiries
Provision of Information
The Company will never provide user information to any third parties without the user`s consent, unless the Company is obliged and/or permitted to do so under applicable laws.
Withdrawal from Our Services
Upon withdrawing from our Services, when a user account is deleted, all user information will be disposed of in the correct manner in accordance with the law and Company regulations.
Third-party InApps
This statement is not applicable to third-party inapps, like Calendar Store, connected to this service. We cannot guarantee that these third parties will handle your personal data in a secure and careful manner. We recommend you read these inapps’ privacy statements before making use of inapps.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time with or without notice. However, we will not use your Personal Information in a way that is materially different than the uses described in this Policy without giving you an opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. We will post the revised Policy on this page, so that users can always be aware of what information we collect, how the information is used and under what circumstances such information may be disclosed. You agree to review the Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the Service indicates your assent to any changes and signifies your agreement to the terms of our Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use the Service.
Inquiries
If users have any uncertainty about this Privacy Policy or questions, complaints, or comments on the handling of personal information related to the Service, users are asked to contact us via email.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on 6 June 2016.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...