Privacy policy
Thank you for your interest in our products and services. With this privacy policy, we inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data processed by us and your rights as a data subject.
This document contains a section dedicated to Brazilian Users and their privacy rights.
I. General information
1.
Data Controller
Responsible for data processing in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR is TorAlarm GmbH, Adersstraße 12, 40215 Düsseldorf, Germany (hereinafter "we" or "us"), unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy.
2.
Contact Details
Please contact our Data Protection Officer at any time if you have any questions or comments regarding data protection and the enforcement of your rights as a data subject:
TorAlarm GmbH
Adersstraße 12
40215 Düsseldorf
Germany
datenschutz@toralarm.com
3. Starting the app
When you use our app, we automatically collect and process the following information to enable the usability of the functions provided and to ensure the security and stability of the app:
Information about the accessing end device and the software used
Date and time of access
IP address
The at least temporary processing of the IP address is absolutely necessary to enable the app to be displayed. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Our servers also store your IP address for up to 28 days for the purpose and in the interest of ensuring the security of our offer. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Information will only be stored or retrieved on your end device without your prior consent if this is absolutely necessary for the service you are using in our app (Section 25 (2) TDDDG).
If you download our app from a third-party app store and we become the contractual partner for the purchase of the app in accordance with the applicable terms of use of such a provider, we process the data that the third-party provider makes available to us in order to enable you to use the app. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
4. Access authorisations
If you use a device from Apple Inc. or an Android device, we also receive access to the device ID assigned to your device (ID for Advertisers (IDFA) for Apple and Google Advertising ID (GAID) for Android). From operating system versions iOS 14.5, iPadOS 14.5 and tvOS 14.5, however, this only occurs if you have given us your consent to do so during installation or later when using the app. This ID is a device identifier that Apple or Google integrates into its operating systems for use by app operators in order to enable app operators to ensure that the application can be refinanced, for example through advertising. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time via the data protection settings on your end device with effect for the future.
5. Place of processing
We also process personal data in countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). If no adequacy decision of the European Commission exists for the respective third country, we have concluded the standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission pursuant to Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c GDPR to ensure an adequate level of data protection with the services used in third countries:
Standard contractual clauses
.
6. Storage duration
We only process personal data for as long as this is necessary for the purpose stated in this privacy policy. The personal data will then be deleted, provided that there are no statutory retention periods preventing data deletion.
II. Your rights as a data subject
1. Information, rectification, erasure, restriction and the right to be forgotten
You can obtain information from us at any time and free of charge as to whether personal data relating to you are being processed by us and also specifically which data relating to you are being stored, as well as requesting a copy of the stored data. You can also have incorrect data corrected and completed.
You can also request the erasure and restriction of your personal data. Please note that there are retention obligations, e.g. for contracts against payment, and we are therefore not always permitted to delete your data completely. In this case, your data will be marked with the aim of restricting its future processing.
2.
Data portability
Where applicable, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted to you or to another controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, provided that the processing is based on consent or on a contract and is carried out by automated means. However, this does not apply if the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. You also have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and provided that this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
3.
Revocation / Objection
You can revoke any consent you have given in the Privacy Manager at any time with effect for the future under Options > Privacy > Revoke tracking. You can also withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by contacting the above address.
You can object to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct advertising at any time by sending a corresponding message to the above-mentioned contact address, without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
You also have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on a legitimate interest or a public interest. In the event of an objection, we will no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
4.
Right of appeal
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority and to seek legal remedies. The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted will inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy.
5. Existence of automated decision-making
We do not use automated decision-making or profiling within the meaning of Art. 22 GDPR.
III. Data settings in the Privacy Manager
When you use our app, not only our own content or content that is displayed on our behalf (Art. 28 GDPR) is displayed, but also content from third parties. This may be editorial content, recommendations for external content, games and surveys, but of course also product advertising.
If such content is loaded, this is done from the servers of the respective third-party providers. This always involves the transmission of certain data to the third-party providers, in many cases including personal data. In addition, information is stored or retrieved on the end device for most of the third-party services used to load the content. The purposes for which this data are processed by the third-party providers on their own responsibility, but in some cases also on our legal responsibility, are varied.
1. Use of TorAlarm with tracking
However, the vast majority of the services or content of third-party providers are only loaded and the relevant data processing only occurs if you have previously given your consent in the Privacy Manager within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or, with regard to the storage of or access to information on the end device, in accordance with Section 25 para. 1 TDDDG. In addition, there are a few cases in which the storage of or access to information on the end device is absolutely necessary in order to be able to provide the offer you have requested (§ 25 para. 2 TDDDG), as well as certain data processing that is based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR; in these constellations, the storage of or access to information on the end device occurs without consent, although we give you the option of objecting to data processing based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in the Privacy Manager.
In order to make this process user-friendly for you with all legal requirements but also all necessary information, the so-called Privacy Manager opens when you open our app for the first time, in which you have the option of giving your consent to third-party providers to store and/or retrieve information on your device and to process personal data for certain purposes, to refuse this consent or - insofar as the processing of personal data is based on the legal basis of legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR) - to object to it.
You have the option at any time to change the settings you have made in the Privacy Manager with effect for the future, i.e. to revoke any consent you have given or to object to data processing on the basis of legitimate interests.
Further information on the third-party providers who are themselves responsible for data processing in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR (also referred to as "vendors") can be found
here
.
2. TCF providers
The TCF providers we use to fund our free offer are third party providers who are registered in the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, an international trade association of the online advertising industry, ("IAB") and have committed to complying with the IAB's guidelines for the protection of your privacy and personal data.
The settings you have made in the Privacy Manager are stored on your end device and transmitted to the TCF providers in the form of a coded character string (so-called TC string). This transmission occurs on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR).
We use the so-called "Real Time Bidding" (RTB) process to market our offer. With RTB, our ad spaces are auctioned off to advertisers automatically and in real time. During the auction, your user profiles and interests in particular are also transmitted to the auction participants and taken into account. We use the OpenRTB protocol, which enables these real-time bids and represents a recognised industry standard for the communication and interoperability of auction participants. You can find more information on usage profiles and interests in the following sections of the privacy policy.
2.1 Saving or accessing information on an end device
If you have given us your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, the TCF providers will store and/or retrieve information on your device. These device accesses are sometimes also required in order to subsequently process personal data for the purpose,
Use limited data to select advertising
Create profiles for personalised advertising,
Use profiles to select personalised advertising,
Create profiles to personalise content,
Use profiles to select personalised content,
Measure advertising performance,
Measure content performance,
Analysing target groups using statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
Develop and improve services and
Use limited data to select content,
(so-called "IAB processing purposes"). If you have given the respective TCF provider your consent in the Privacy Manager a) to the storage of or access to information on an end device and b) to the processing of personal data for one of the IAB processing purposes or have not objected to the data processing, TCF providers may also process personal data for the following additional purposes or with the following additional functions within the scope of the respective IAB processing purpose:
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud and fix errors,
Deliver and present advertising and content,
Matching and combining data from different sources,
Linking different end devices,
Identify end devices based on information transmitted automatically,
and, with your separate consent, use of precise geolocation data.
Further information on the IAB processing purposes can be found below in this privacy policy. Further information on the individual TCF providers and the legal basis for data processing can be found
here
.
Without your consent to the storage of or access to information on a device, it may not be possible to use all the functions of our app to their full extent. Processing of personal data for IAB processing purposes, which are collected or processed by storing or accessing information on the end device, is only ever possible with consent to the storage of or access to information on the end device, regardless of whether you have given your consent to the processing to the respective IAB processing purpose or have not objected to this.
You can revoke your consent to the storage of or access to information on an end device at any time in the Privacy Manager.
2.2 Use of limited data to select advertising
For the purpose and in the interest of optimising the selection and display of the ads shown to refinance our offer, to control the frequency and sequence of ad insertions and to prevent an ad from being displayed in an inappropriate editorial environment (brand-unsafe), we or the relevant third-party providers process real-time information about the context in which the advert is displayed, including information about the content environment and the device used, such as device type and functions, browser ID, URL, IP address and the approximate location data of a user. The legal basis for data processing is regularly Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option at any time to reject the selection of simple advertising in the Privacy Manager and thus object to data processing for this purpose.
To clarify once again: Even if the legal basis for the processing of personal data in this case is not your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR), but our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR), data processing will not take place if the service in question uses information by storing and accessing your device and you have not given your consent to the retrieval and/or storage of information in the device. In this case, no information will be used by or for the service by storing and accessing your device and the service will not be loaded.
Individual TCF providers also base the data processing carried out for the aforementioned purposes on the legal basis of consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). In these cases, no processing of personal data by these third-party providers takes place without your prior consent in the Privacy Manager, even if you have given your consent to the storage and/or retrieval of information in the end device. You can find out which third-party providers are involved in each individual case in the Privacy Manager at the appropriate point.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
In order to display the adverts in our app in the correct size and in a format supported by your device and to be able to redirect you to the corresponding target page when you click on the advert, the respective third-party provider also processes your IP address and information about your device type. This is the special category " Deliver and present advertising and content".
2.3 Create profiles for personalised advertising
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, we use TCF providers for the purpose of tailoring the advertising displayed to refinance our offer to your interests based on your usage behaviour. For this purpose, a profile of your usage is created with information about your activities, interests, use of applications, demographic information or location. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
For the aforementioned purposes, we also use the services of TCF providers who are responsible for the data processing that takes place via the service in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.4 Use profiles to select personalised advertising
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, we use TCF providers for the purpose of displaying advertisements of interest to you on the basis of a personalised advertising profile created by you, subject to your consent. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
For the aforementioned purposes, we also use the services of TCF providers who are responsible for the data processing that takes place via the service in accordance with Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR. Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
In order to display the personalised ads in our app in the correct size and in a format supported by your device and to be able to redirect you to the corresponding target page when you click on the ad, the respective third-party provider also processes your IP address and information about your device type. This is the special category " Deliver and present advertising and content".
2.5 Create profiles to personalise content
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, we use TCF providers for the purpose of creating a profile of your usage with information on activities, interests and visits to the use of applications, demographic information or location for the personalisation of content. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.6 Use profiles to select personalised content
If you have given your consent for this in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process information about your usage behaviour or other historical usage data, including previous activities, interests, visits to the use of applications, location or demographic information, in order to be able to display selected content to you according to this information. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the option to revoke your consent at any time in the Privacy Manager.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
In order to be able to display the personalised content in our app in the correct size and in a format supported by your device, the respective third-party provider also processes your IP address and information about your device type. This is the special category " Deliver and present advertising and content".
2.7 Measure advertising performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring advertising performance. This includes measuring whether and how adverts were displayed to a user and how they interacted with them, whether an advert was displayed in an unsuitable editorial environment (brand-unsafe) and determining the percentage of times the advert could have been seen, including the duration (advertising perception chance). They also compile reports on advertising, including its effectiveness and performance, on the interaction of users with advertising, based on data measured in the course of the user's interaction with this advertising. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.8
Measure content performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring the performance of content of our offer. This involves measuring and reporting on how content is delivered to users and how they have interacted with it. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.9 Analysing target groups using statistics or combinations of data from different sources
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of gaining insights into target groups for advertising and content. This involves creating aggregated reports for advertisers or their representatives about the target groups reached by their adverts, which are obtained on the basis of survey panels or similar procedures. Furthermore, aggregated reports are created for service providers on the target groups that were reached by or interacted with the content and/or adverts on their services and which were determined using survey panels or similar methods. The reports do not allow any conclusions to be drawn about a specific or identifiable person. However, information about your usage behaviour is processed to create these reports. In addition, offline data is assigned to an online user for market research purposes in order to gain insights into target groups, insofar as providers have declared that they will compare and merge offline data sources. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.10 Develop and improve services
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, TCF providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of developing and improving offers, e.g. through new functions. Information about your usage behaviour is processed for this purpose. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.11 Use limited data to select content
For the purpose and in the interest of optimising the selection and display of content and controlling the frequency and sequence of content display, we or the relevant TCF providers process real-time information about the content environment and your interaction as well as the device used, such as device type and functions, browser ID, URL, IP address and your approximate location data. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option at any time to reject the use of limited data for the selection of content in the Privacy Manager and thus object to data processing for this purpose.
Individual TCF providers also base the data processing carried out for the aforementioned purposes on the legal basis of consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). In these cases, no processing of personal data by these third-party providers takes place without your prior consent in the Privacy Manager, even if you have given your consent to the storage and/or retrieval of information in the end device.
Further information on the TCF providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
2.12 Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud and fix errors (special category)
For the purposes of ensuring security, preventing fraud and fixing errors, TCF providers process information to ensure that data are transmitted securely, to detect and prevent harmful, fraudulent, invalid or illegal activities and to ensure the correct and efficient operation of systems and processes - including monitoring and improving the performance of systems and processes - within the scope of the permitted processing purposes. This is necessary to ensure the security of the respective data processing, to prevent fraud and to be able to rectify errors. The information processed for this purpose may include automatically sent device characteristics for identification, precise geolocalisation data and data obtained by reading the device characteristics for identification without separate disclosure and/or opt-in. As far as processing for the purposes of ensuring security, preventing fraud and rectifying errors by third-party providers for their own purposes is concerned, this naturally presupposes that you have given the respective third-party provider your consent to the processing of personal data for a specific purpose in the first place or have not objected to the data processing. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR.
2.13 Marketing of online advertising space
To refinance our range of services and for the purpose of tailoring the advertising displayed in our app to your interests, we have our offering marketed. As part of the marketing, third-party providers commissioned by our marketers also process personal data in accordance with the IAB processing purposes listed above, provided that you have given the respective TCF provider your consent to the processing of personal data according to the respective IAB processing purpose in the Privacy Manager or have not objected to the data processing in cases in which the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The consent requirement also applies to the storage and/or retrieval of information on a device. The third-party providers are partly processors of our marketers and partly third parties within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR, with whom we are jointly responsible within the meaning of Art. 26 GDPR, insofar as we enable the respective third party to process personal data in accordance with the IAB processing purposes jointly defined in the Privacy Manager for its own purposes by integrating the online advertising technology into our offer.
We use the so-called "Real Time Bidding" (RTB) process to market our offer. With RTB, our ad spaces are auctioned off to advertisers automatically and in real time. During the auction, your user profiles and interests in particular are also transmitted to the auction participants and taken into account. We use the OpenRTB protocol, which enables these real-time bids and represents a recognised industry standard for the communication and interoperability of auction participants. You can revoke any consent you have given at any time with effect for the future in the Privacy Manager or object to data processing.
We have concluded an agreement (Art. 26 GDPR) with our marketers and with the TCF providers used and responsible for marketing within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR, in which we have defined the respective responsibilities for the fulfilment of the obligations under the GDPR with regard to joint processing. Accordingly, we are obliged to enable you to give your consent or object to data protection in the Privacy Manager. We are also the central point of contact for you as a data subject. We forward data subject enquiries that we receive and that relate to joint processing without delay. Irrespective of this, you can assert the rights to which you are entitled under the GDPR as a data subject both with and against us and with and against the marketers.
We work together with the following marketers:
Ströer Digital Media GmbH, Kehrwieder 9, 20457 Hamburg,
https://www.stroeer.de/werben-mit-stroeer/onlinewerbung/programmatic-data/datenschutz-sdi/
AddApptr GmbH, Alsterufer 4, 20354 Hamburg,
https://gravite.net/data-privacy
3. Third-party providers outside the IAB standard ("website or app")
In addition to the TCF providers listed above, we also use third-party services outside the IAB standard for the purposes listed below. You can find these in the Privacy Manager under the heading "Website or app".
3.1 Saving or accessing information on an end device
If you have given us your consent to do so, the third-party providers will store and/or retrieve information on your device. Some of this access to your device is also required in order to subsequently process personal data for the purpose,
Measure advertising performance,
Measure the performance of content,
Develop and improve services.
Further information on the processing purposes outside the IAB standard, the individual third-party providers and the legal basis for data processing can be found below at the appropriate place in this privacy policy or
here
.
3.2  Measure advertising performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring advertising performance. This includes measuring whether and how adverts were displayed to a user and how the user interacted with them, whether an advert was displayed in an inappropriate editorial environment (brand-unsafe) and determining the percentage of time the advert could have been seen, including the duration (advertising perception chance). They also compile reports on advertising, including its effectiveness and performance, on the interaction of users with advertising, based on data measured in the course of the user's interaction with this advertising. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
3.3 Measure content performance
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of measuring the performance of content of our offer. This involves measuring and reporting on how content is delivered to users and how they have interacted with it. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
3.4 Develop and improve services
If you have not objected to data processing in the Privacy Manager, providers process personal data for the purpose and in the interest of developing and improving offers, e.g. through new functions. Information about your usage behaviour is processed for this purpose. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. You have the option to object to data processing in the Privacy Manager at any time.
Further information on the providers ("vendors") used for this purpose and your rights as a data subject can be found
here
.
4. Use of TorAlarm without tracking
You have the option of using our app without tracking and personalised advertising by opting out of everything in the Privacy Manager if you are already a TorAlarm Premium user or have a PUR subscription. You can also revoke your previously given consent to the use of the app with tracking at any time under Options > Privacy > Revoke Tracking.
4.1. PUR subscription
When you subscribe to PUR via the app store you use, we only process the personal data required for the purpose of executing and fulfilling the contract. The legal basis for data processing in this case is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. We also process the personal data provided by you as part of the conclusion of the contract for the purpose of fulfilling legal obligations, such as tax obligations. The legal basis in this case is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR in conjunction with § 147 AO; retention obligation 10 years. For VAT reasons, this also includes storing the IP address of the device from which you took out the PUR subscription.
4.2. Strictly necessary access to your end device
If you have subscribed to PUR, we only use strictly necessary cookies and comparable technologies, i.e. information is only retrieved or stored on your end device if this is strictly necessary for the service you are using and we would otherwise not be able to provide the service ( § 25 para. 2 TDDDG).
IV. Social media and partner offers
1. Context-related content
In certain parts of our offer, you will find content and adverts selected and displayed by Outbrain UK Limited, 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA, United Kingdom ("Outbrain"). If you have not given your consent in the Privacy Manager for data processing for the purpose of displaying personalised ads and content, this selection of content and advertising is based exclusively on non-personal elements such as the content of the relevant page of our offer (contextual) or on which topics or pages in our offer are currently in particularly high demand. However, in order to establish the connection of your end device to the Outbrain server for the delivery of the relevant content and advertising, it is necessary for Outbrain to process the IP address assigned to your end device at the relevant time. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
We have concluded an agreement with Outbrain in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR to ensure that your rights in relation to your personal data are protected. This agreement essentially stipulates that
Outbrain only processes the IP address to establish the connection for the display of content and advertising without your consent;
that the storage and retrieval of information on your end device and further data processing will only take place if you have consented to the use with tracking;
data may only be transferred to the USA subject to the relevant EU standard contractual clauses;
we provide you with the information listed above;
You can exercise requests in accordance with Art. 12 and 15-22 GDPR directly with Outbrain (
here
, see also Outbrain's
privacy policy
), but that Outbrain will support us with the relevant information etc. if you wish to exercise your rights directly against us.
Further information about Outbrain and your rights as a data subject vis-à-vis Outbrain can be found in
Outbrain's privacy policy
. Information on any data processing carried out by Outbrain and its purposes, if you have consented to data processing for the purpose of displaying personalised ads and content, can be found in the Privacy Manager and at the appropriate place in this privacy policy.
2. Facebook Fanpages
We use Facebook fan pages for which we are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Limited. In joint responsibility with Facebook, we analyse how you use our fan page (Page Insights). You can obtain the information required by the GDPR on data processing in the context of Page Insights from Facebook; currently by name in Facebook's data protection information at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
. Facebook also provides you with the relevant contents of the contract concluded between Facebook and us on processing under joint responsibility in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR; currently under the following link:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
.
You can assert your right to lodge a complaint with any supervisory authority responsible for you and seek legal remedies there. In accordance with the GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data. You can find out more about these and other data subject rights in Facebook's data protection information linked above.
For Page Insights on our Facebook fan pages, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland acts as a common point of contact and processes all requests to assert the rights of data subjects. As part of the Page Insights, we ourselves only receive anonymised statistics - we have no access to personal data processed by Facebook. We process anonymised data on the basis of legal regulations that allow us to process personal data because we have an overriding legitimate interest in gaining a better understanding of the interests of visitors to our fan page (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR). Facebook offers various community functions on the fan pages with which you can interact with other users, for example by posting articles, leaving comments or liking or sharing articles. We would like to point out that these areas are publicly accessible and that any personal information you post there or provide when registering can be viewed by others. We cannot control how other users of the fan pages use this information. In particular, we cannot prevent unsolicited messages from being sent to you.
V. Special services
1. In-app purchases via Apple App Store or Google Play
If you use one of our apps, you may have the option of taking out paid subscriptions via in-app purchases. Payment for such subscriptions is processed by the operator of the app store from which you downloaded the app. If you are using an Apple device, this is Apple Distribution International, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, Cork, Republic of Ireland ("Apple"). If you are using a device with an Android operating system with Google Play, this is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. If you take out a subscription as an in-app purchase, your order information will be transmitted to the respective app store operator and linked there to your existing user account for the app store. The data stored in your app store user account will be used for billing purposes and the transmitted data will be used together with the existing data to process the billing. The data stored in your user accounts for billing purposes will not be transmitted to us. For details, please refer to the privacy policies of the app store operators.
2. Push notifications
If you have registered to receive push notifications, you will receive regular information about scores and editorial content selected for you by our team via our push notifications.
To register for the push notifications, you must confirm the request from your end device to receive the notifications. This process is documented and saved by us. The time of registration and a device ID are stored for this purpose. This data is used on the one hand to send you the push notifications and on the other hand as proof of your registration.
For the purpose of constantly optimising our push notifications, we also statistically evaluate user behaviour with regard to our push notifications. This enables us to recognise whether and when our push notifications have been displayed and clicked on. This enables us to determine which push notifications are of interest to recipients in order to tailor future messages to the presumed interests of all recipients and thus increase interest in our offering. In addition to the device ID, we also store the main topics for which the push notifications were activated (e.g. Bundesliga, Real Madrid, etc.). The legal basis for processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.  You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. You can revoke your consent in the settings provided for receiving push notifications on your device.
3. Comment function and surveys
We occasionally offer the option of submitting comments and feedback or reporting bugs and incorrect content as well as participating in surveys, whereby additional personal data that you provide yourself is stored. In these cases, we process the data that you transmit to us. If your entries are intended for publication and you have given your consent, you can submit and subscribe to comments on our online services. The same applies to surveys in which you participate. If you wish to publish a comment, you must complete the fields provided for this purpose. You can also use a pseudonym. If you do not complete the fields, you will not be able to publish a comment. We collect and process the data you provide in order to publish your comment as requested and to be able to check for possible violations of our netiquette rules (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). In particular, we also need your e-mail address in order to contact you in the event of complaints about your comment or report and to give you the opportunity to respond (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c GDPR).
4. Your contact
When you contact us, e.g. by e-mail, the data you provide (your e-mail address, your name and telephone number if applicable) will be processed by us in order to deal with your enquiry. We will delete the data collected in this context when it is no longer required for the aforementioned purpose, provided that the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. If you provide us with personal data of another person, you must obtain the express prior consent of this person and inform this person about how we process personal data in accordance with our privacy policy.
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of
                    the privacy policy and is provided by the entity running this Application and, if the case may be, its
                    parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as
                    “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply
                    as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for
                    such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the
                    privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;
the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section
                        titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed
                        information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information;
access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal
                            information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences
                            thereof;
obtain information about the third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for
                            anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and
                            industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based
                            upon
                            your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data
                            Protection
                            Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with
                            the
                            provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an
                            automated
                            decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your
                            personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your
                            personal,
                            professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using
                        the
                        contact details provided in this document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us
                        to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from
                        immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing
                        your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should
                        address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing
                        confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal
                        information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know
                        whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in a simplified
                        fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within
                        15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of your
                        personal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the
                        processing and the purposes of the processing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information
                        blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other
                        parties
                        with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enable such third parties to also
                        comply
                        with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves
                        disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the
                        following
                        cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence,
                            investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international
                            law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life or physical security or those of a third
                            party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation
                            agreement;
when the transfer is necessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of
                            public
                            service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the
                            carrying
                            out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regular exercise of
                            rights
                            in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in
                        this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the
                        Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request,
                        the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the
                        numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the
                        country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the
                        various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the
                        details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of
                        pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT
                        environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with
                        others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security
                        measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified,
                        is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all
                        current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts,
                        e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information
                        on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Last revised:
16.04.2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://gravite.net/data-privacy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1707424372615962&usg=AOvVaw3_MC7SzP3eAyOfnXuuDWUO:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://gravite.net/data-privacy
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy:
Outbrain and Teads
Close Agreement to Merge
Learn More
Privacy Center
Download
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated 30 October 2023
Outbrain is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs Outbrain’s use of data collected by us, including any and all personal data. Personal data is information that relates to you and may identify you as an individual. We use your personal data in line with all applicable laws. To ensure compliance and to align with Outbrain’s values around trust and transparency we have a team of privacy champions responsible for continuously implementing our global privacy program.
1. Who we are, What we do, How you can contact Outbrain, our DPO or the relevant authorities
Who we are:
This privacy policy applies to Outbrain Inc., a Delaware, USA corporation with headquarters in New York; and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “Outbrain,” or “we“, “us“, “our“). We operate in various offices around the world and we partner with publishers and marketers across the globe.
Please note that Outbrains’ subsidiary Outbrain DSP (formerly Zemanta) Inc has a separate Privacy Policy, which can be found
here
.
What we do:
Outbrain’s mission is to serve interesting recommendations to you based on what we believe are your interests. To achieve our mission we enter into agreements with:
online publishers and partners who want to recommend relevant content to their readers (this is
Outbrain Engage
);
advertisers who want readers to view their content (this is
Outbrain Amplify
); and
third party partners who help us serve relevant recommendations.
For further information on our Amplify (advertiser) services see
here
and our Engage (publisher) services see
here
.
How to contact us:
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed in the first instance to
privacy@outbrain.com
or by mail to
Outbrain Inc., 111 West 19th Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10011, USA, Attn: Privacy Questions
.
If Outbrain does not satisfactorily answer your questions or concerns, you may also contact the following for advice, support or complaints:
Outbrain’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@outbrain.com
; and/or
the
Information Commissioner’s Office
, which is Outbrain’s lead supervisory authority within the European Territories.
2. Alliances and Adherence
We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) and the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
We are members in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising as well as the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
(DAAC) AdChoices Program. We also adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile. Outbrain also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and the IAB Europe OBA Framework; and
We are also TAG Brand Safety Certified
here
.
3. Outbrain User Types (including Opt Out Options)
Much of this Privacy Policy is divided into sections based on the way you may interact with Outbrain. You are either a Site Visitor, a User and/or a Business Partner (as defined below). Please determine what user type you are. For each user type we’ve explained what information we collect and why, what cookies and other similar technologies we use, how we share such information and your rights.
Site Visitors:
You are a Site Visitor when you visit and interact with our web sites, web pages, interactive features, blogs and their respective contents at Outbrain.com (or any derivation, such as Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de etc.) (“
Our Sites
“).
See more here.
(a) What information we collect and why
We want to understand what services on Our Sites interest you and we want to remind you about the services we offer when you are not on Our Sites. In order to do this, we collect the following information from your device: (i) IP address; (ii) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., Chrome), operating system (e.g., iOS); (iii) the pages visited on Our Sites (e.g., the Outbrain “About” page); (iv) the time of visit (and corresponding time zone); and (v) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests (e.g. information telling us how you arrived on Our Sites).
In addition, we may also collect your name and email address if you agree to send your details to us via Our Sites (e.g., by signing up to receive our newsletter).
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
, which is updated from time to time, under the section “Site Visitors” for a detailed list of first and third party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) that may be used when you visit Our Sites.
(c) How we may share information
Sharing Information we learn about you on Our Sites
We do not sell and/or share personal data about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes. We may use various third parties (each listed on the
Cookie Table
) to help us market or advertise to you. We require that these third parties and companies agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws, keep all information shared with them confidential and to use the information only to perform their obligations to us. We do this by entering into agreements with all third parties who process personal data. If you post on our blog, your comment and information will be publicly available. Please contact
support@outbrain.com
to remove your comment.
Using Third Party Services on Our Sites
Our Sites contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse the content, products, services, privacy policies or practices of these third party websites. For example, on Our Sites you will notice clickable icons which take you to the Outbrain Facebook page or the Outbrain LinkedIn page. If you choose to click on these links, you should know that these sites are not owned or operated by Outbrain and therefore these third party websites may send their own cookies to your device and they may independently collect personal data. It is therefore important that you get familiar with the privacy policies of these third party websites.
Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
Our
Terms of Use
govern your use of Our Sites and apply to you when you interact with Our Sites. You can stop using Our Sites at any time. If you do, you may also want to remove any cookies that we have placed on any device used to access Our Sites, you can do this via your browser. If during your use of Our Sites you provided your email address, any email you receive from Outbrain includes an “unsubscribe” option. In addition, you may also opt-out of direct marketing by emailing
support@outbrain.com
.
For Site Visitors in the European Territory, Outbrain has implemented a consent management platform (powered by
OneTrust
) on Our Sites that provides you with the opportunity to consent, or not consent, to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Upon accessing Our Sites, you will see a banner in the centre of the page with information about the cookies we use. You may click the banner to reject any cookies (for example, performance cookies or targeting cookies) that are not strictly necessary cookies (as defined in the Cookie Table). By pressing “I Accept” on the banner you are indicating your acceptance to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of European Territory Site Visitors on Our Sites is consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking this button:
Cookies Settings
. In respect of all other Site Visitors not located in European Territories, we rely on our legitimate interest for processing any personal data however, this does not preclude non-European Territory Site Visitors from withdrawing consent at any time via our consent management platform.
Users:
You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrain’s partners where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed (“Partner Sites”). For example, if you visit
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
or
www.cnn.com
, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites. You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain (e.g., “Recommended by Outbrain”, “by Outbrain” near recommendations If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a
detailed notice
that enables you to navigate to
Outbrain’s Interest Portal
and this Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations. In some instances, a partner may have white-label Outbrain’s service for their own offering. In such an event, such partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies.
Example of an Outbrain Widget
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
We use UUIDs, IP Address and other Usage Information so that we can serve interesting recommendations. Outbrain’s recommendations may be paid for by an advertiser linking you to a new website or they may be organic such that the link is to another page on the same Partner’s Site. Outbrain may use high-level health interest categories to serve recommendations, that you can find
here
.
UUID
When you, as a User, first visit a Partner Site (e.g., CNN.com), Outbrain drops a cookie on your device in order to generate a UUID. Alternatively, if you first interact with a Partner using that Partner’s application, Outbrain receives your advertiser ID which is assigned to you by your device. We catalogue and analyze the content you consume across Partner Sites. Our recommendations are based on: (i) a UUIDs browsing history; (ii) similar browsing patterns of other Users; (iii) recommendations that are generally popular with Outbrain’s audience at this time; (iv) some randomness, and (v) targeting requirements that may be provided or requested by our Amplify clients. As an example, Outbrain may know that UUID 123 (which could be you on your iPhone X on The Guardian using Chrome as your browser) likes to read about far away holiday destinations and that people who like to read about far away holiday destinations also like to read about exotic food. When you interact with Outbrain we do not collect traditional personal data from you, like your email address or name, therefore we cannot associate your name with your UUID (for example, we do not know that John Smith, who is also UUID 123, likes to read about far away holiday destinations).
The UUID is a sequence of numbers and/or letters. This UUID attaches itself to your device and varies depending on your browser combination. In other words, Outbrain records a different UUID depending on which device and/or which browser you use when accessing the Partner Sites. For example, you will have one UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your mobile phone using the browser Safari, and a different UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your iPad using the browser Safari. Outbrain will combine and consolidate a UUID from a mobile device (handheld or tablet) from a browser that then accesses an application (or vice versa) from that same device. Outbrain does not conduct cross device tracking and therefore cannot link a user interacting with Outbrain on their phone as the same user who is interacting with Outbrain on their desktop.
IP Address
In addition to your UUID, we recognise your IP address, which we translate into geolocation and delete the last octet in order to mask the identifying information. We then use this masked information, in conjunction with information we received from other trusted third party partners (such as MaxMind) to determine a broad understanding of where you are located (e.g., New York). Outbrain will still recognise your IP address even if you opt out of personalised tracking as this is necessary to continue serving you context-based recommendations however, in such instances your IP address is not associated with your UUID and would not form part of any user profile.
Other Usage Information
In addition to your UUID and IP address, we also collect the following information from you on (a) desktop and mobile web: (i) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., chrome), operating system (e.g. iOS); (ii) the pages visited; (iii) the time of visit; and (iv) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. The above statistical information provides us with information about how many Users visited a specific page on our Partner Sites on which the Outbrain widget is installed, how long each User stayed on that page, the type of content on that page they clicked on and how they generally engaged with that page; and (b) on applications (i) application version (as it appears in App Store or Play Store); (ii) application ID or package name (as it appears in the App Store or Play Store); (iii) operating system ( e.g. IOS or Android); (iii) operating system version; and (iv) device model (e.g. iPhone X).This information is considered personal data if Outbrain associates it with a UUID.
As Outbrain does not have a direct relationship with Users interacting with Partner Sites, Outbrain relies on its partners to determine the lawful basis upon which Outbrain can process personal data. Each partner site relies on either
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Outbrain cookies
Please see the
Cookie Table
under “Users” for a detailed list of the First Party Cookies we use when you interact with Partner Sites where the Outbrain technology is implemented.
Outbrain pixels
In addition to Outbrain’s visible widget on Partner Sites, certain Outbrain advertisers may implement the Outbrain pixel on their websites. The Outbrain pixel determines whether the User reaching the page where the pixel is installed has an Outbrain UUID in order to provide reporting to advertisers in respect of their particular campaign. If there is a UUID associated with such end user, Outbrain allows advertisers to either retarget those UUIDs and/or provides advertisers with the total number of Users (on an aggregated and anonymised basis) that reached a particular page (for example, an advertiser does not know that UUID1234 converted but only that 1 conversion took place). Outbrain does not pass its advertisers any personal data (including your UUID) or collect any further personal data via the pixel. Outbrain does not combine information received from the Outbrain pixel information with a UUID’s profile (for example, Outbrain only tracks that 1 conversion has taken place and not the UUID123 has converted when it reaches the advertiser’s chosen page). We require advertisers to disclose the usage of the Outbrain pixel on their own websites.Outbrain may also allow certain trusted third party partners to collect data via cookies delivered through the Outbrain widget. In such cases, Outbrain does not pass these third parties the data which Outbrain collects on its Users but allows such third parties to directly collect data (including personal data) via the widget for fraud and/or security purposes or in order to provide measurement information to advertisers (such as the number of conversions and/or impressions). Any such collection shall be governed by such third parties privacy policy.
Third party pixels
If you click on a link to one of our recommendations, the advertiser sponsoring the recommendation may place cookies (or third party cookies of third parties acting on the advertiser’s behalf) on your device either through redirects prior to arriving on the destination page of the recommendations or upon reaching the destination page. Such cookies are dropped for the purposes of providing analytics to the advertiser with regards to the advertiser’s campaign (for example, to see how many users viewed the advertiser’s campaign). We require our advertisers to disclose the use of third party pixels and/or cookies to end users via their website. As these cookies and/or pixels are added at the sole discretion of our advertisers you will be subject to that advertiser’s privacy notice and/or privacy policy.
Third Party Segments
Outbrain’s policy restricts targeting based on sensitive demographics like political views due to privacy concerns and the potential for bias. However, based on Outbrain’s third-party targeting options available to our advertisers, Outbrain may use third-party standard politics related segments
t
hat may indicate general political sentiment, interest in specific political issues, and political party affiliation. Outbrain does not knowingly create segments that are based upon what we consider to be sensitive information (for example, Personal Data revealing your racial or ethnic origin or your religious affiliations, or Personal Data concerning your sensitive health information, sex life or sexual orientation, or genetic or biometric data).
(c) How we may share information
Our Partners
Outbrain does not share and/or sell a User’s entire profiles with any third parties. However, we may share certain elements of a user profile (for example, UUID) with the following partners, including:
Brand safety, analytics and fraud partners;
Demand Side Platforms (DSP) and Supply Side Platforms (SSP);
Ad Exchanges and/or Networks; and
Demand Management Platforms.
Please see
here
for a list of some of our trusted partners. In addition, we may collect and/ or share some personal data with trusted partners by virtue of participating in the OpenRTB. Many of these partners are registered as IAB TCF Global Vendors and can be found
here
.
(d) Your rights
Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile web
You may opt out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (or, if you have opted out and would like to opt back in) at any time by moving the toggle below. You may also opt out of personalized recommendations via Outbrain’s
Interest Profile
which is a website that provides a general visualization of the data Outbrain knows about you and may use to make its recommendations.
Outbrain opt out on apps
In order to opt-out of Outbrain’s recommendations on your mobile applications you can follow the steps below:
iOS Devices: Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking
Android Devices: Google Settings App > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-based Advertising
Please note that an opt out via our Interest Profile and/or this Privacy Policy will not opt you out of personalised tracking on your applications. This opt out must be done via your device settings.
Additional Opt-Out Options
You may also opt out of receiving personalized ads served by us or other advertising companies through industry powered tools such as the NAI or the various DAA-based pages (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
, and/or EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Visiting the NAI, DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages allows you to opt out of all some or all of the participating members’ services. Like Outbrain’s opt out, these opt outs do not mean you will no longer receive any advertising, the advertisements will just not be tailored to you. You will continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e.,
contextually based ads
). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective as our opt out is cookie based.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations:
You will still see Outbrain recommendations.
Opting out of Outbrain personalization tracking does not mean you will no longer receive recommendations from Outbrain. Instead, it means that Outbrain’s recommendations will not be personalized (i.e. they will be context based recommendations).
Your opt out will be cookie based and device/browser specific.
If you browse the web from several devices and/or browsers, you will need to opt out from each device and/or browser to ensure that we prevent personalization tracking on all of them. For the same reason, if you buy a new device, change browsers or delete (or clear) the opt out cookie, you will need to opt-out again. Opting out of personalization tracking is not the same as blocking cookies.
You must not opt in to Outbrain for at least 21 days as the deletion of your profile is tied to your UUID
.
Your opt out from Outbrain’s personalized recommendations is effective immediately. However, if your browser permits local storage and you opt into Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (for example, by accepting a cookie banner) within 21 days of your opt out, it is possible your prior profile will be reconnected to your UUID. If you do not opt in within 21 days, your profile will be deleted and cannot be recovered.
As with most opt out cookies, the Outbrain browser opt out relies upon a cookie.
The opt-out cookie is intended to be persistent to honor the user’s preferences. However, the “Intelligent Tracking Prevention” feature in iOS11 may impact the persistence of cookies across websites post a 24 hour window. We suggest using another browser or considering blocking all 3rd party cookies from the browser so that you are “opted out” without needing to rely on any company’s actual opt out methodology.
Your local storage will not be cleared.
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations your local storage will not be automatically cleared and therefore you need to clear this at a browser level in addition to your opt out.
Business Partners:
You are a Business Partner when you register (or email with Outbrain) on behalf of the company you work for to use the Outbrain Amplify or Outbrain Engage Services.
See more here
.
(a) What information we collect and why
You may provide certain personal data (such as email address) when you sign up for the Amplify or Engage services or otherwise communicate or interact with us. If you apply to become a Business Partner, we may request additional information from you via advertiser application forms, insertion orders and other forms. We automatically collect information about your username’s actions in the Outbrain dashboard. As an example, as an Amplify Business Partner if you change the cost-per-click for one your campaigns, Outbrain’s audit trail will have a record of all those actions.
We collect and process the personal data above in order to perform our obligations under our agreement as a Business Partner (or prospective Business Partner) with you including to:
respond to your questions and requests;
to provide you with access to certain functions and features of our Amplify or Engage services (e.g., to provide and maintain your dashboard account);
verify your identity; and
communicate with you about your account, our products, and available promotions relevant to your use of the Amplify or Engage service.
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use
Please see this
Cookie Table
under “Business Partners” for a detailed list of First and Third Party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) we use with Business Partners.
(c) How we may share information with anyone
We may disclose certain Business Partner information to vendors, contractors, or others who assist Outbrain in delivering the services (e.g., credit card processing). Also see the
Sharing
section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rights
If as a Business Partner you wish to verify, correct, update or request the deactivation of your information, you may go to the Outbrain dashboard in order to edit your profile preferences or contact us at
support@outbrain.com
. If you are receiving Outbrain emails, you may “unsubscribe” using a link in the email. Note that unsubscribing shall not opt you out of notifications critical to providing the Amplify or Engage services (e.g., email invoices).
(e) Lawful Basis
Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of Business Partners is contractual.
4. Security Measures, Transfers Outside the EEA, Sharing and Data Retention
Security
Outbrain has a dedicated security team. We maintain tight controls over the personal data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. Please see our
security standards
for more information.
Business Partners have access to certain password-protected features of the Amplify or Engage service. Business Partners are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for ensuring the same for their employees and/or their agents. Please remember that, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. A common Internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal data from you. Please be aware that we will not send you any emails requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal data. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at
legal@outbrain.com
, as we will investigate instances of possible Internet fraud.
Data Transfers Outside the EU/EEA
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) we will ensure such transfers are in compliance with relevant data protection laws, including, if applicable, EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or a European Commission positive adequacy decision under Article 25(6) of Directive 95/46/EC or Article 45 of the GDPR. In other words, your rights and protections remain with your data and we used approved contractual clauses and other measures designed to ensure that the recipients of your personal data protect it. Outbrain has in place the Standard Contractual Clauses between Outbrain entities to govern the transfer of data outside of the EEA.
Sharing
In addition to the description of how we may disclose your personal data for each user type, we may also disclose personal data as follows:
Within the family of companies controlled by Outbrain for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes;
If we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal data will likely be among the assets transferred;
When legally required to do so (e.g., to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings); and/or
To respond to a genuine emergency.
In addition, we combine your personal data with those of other users in order to share trend information and aggregate user statistics with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form.
Data Retention
The retention period for each of the cookies Outbrain uses (whether our own or on our behalf by third parties) is stated in the
Cookie Table
. More specifically, the Outbrain cookie (Obuid),which is used for tracking user actions such as clicks, expires three (3) months after a user visited a particular site within our network however, this cookie will reset if a user returns to the same site or different site within our network. In addition, we do not retain any individual data point on a User for more than 13 months. For example, if UUID 123 read an article on December 31, 2018, on February 1, 2019 that article will no longer be part of UUID 123’s profile. Outbrain also maintains a Data Retention Policy that details the retention period for personal data based on our analysis of how long the specific data is reasonably required for legal or business purposes. When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it. Aggregated data, which cannot identify a device/browser (or individual) and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, is maintained for as long as commercially necessary.
5. Children and Sensitive Data
Children
None of our services are intentionally directed at children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 16 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a Site Visitor, a User or a Business Partner is under 16, we will not use or maintain his/her personal data. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. If you’re a kid, please go play in the yard, don’t use or interact with Outbrain!
Sensitive data
We do not collect or receive any sensitive categories of personal data.
6. European Territory Visitors
In compliance with certain privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Outbrain provides specific additional rights for individuals who interact with Outbrain such as the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage. More specifically and under certain circumstances:
the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by us, and the right to demand that personal data is rectified or amended.
the right to request that personal data should be deleted.
the right to demand that the processing of personal data should be restricted.
withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.
have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format.
contact our data protection officer if there are any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data.
the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if believed that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation.
In addition to the above, we reference certain rights for European Territory citizens throughout this Privacy Policy. Pursuant to the GDPR, citizens from “European Territories” mean the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the term “European Territories” shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit. If you are in the UK, or the European Economic Areas, the controller of your data is Outbrain UK Limited.
Please email
Privacy@outbrain.com
with any questions about exercising any of the above rights.
7. California Privacy Rights
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “ Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
(a) Your California privacy rights.
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Information.
You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.
Access
.
You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Opt-out of sales
.
If we sell your Personal Information, you can opt-out. In addition, if you direct us not to sell your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Opt-in.
We contractually prohibit our publishing and advertising clients from placing our technology on pages that target individuals younger than 16 years old. If we learn that you are younger than 16 years old, we will asking for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent or guardian’s permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so.
Non discrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you services; increasing the price/rate of services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
(b) How to exercise your rights
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows:
Right to information, access and deletion
. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:
calling us toll free on 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and entering service code 253# to leave us a message.
emailing
privacy@outbrain.com
Right to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information
. We do not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). However, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. California law classifies our use of these services as a “sale” of your Personal Information to the companies that provide the services. This is because we allow them to collect information from our website users (e.g., online identifiers and browsing activity) so they can help serve ads more likely to interest you. To opt-out from this “sale”, click on this
link
which will take you to our Interest Profile where you can opt out of personalised recommendations.
We will need to confirm your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
(c) Personal information that we collect, use and share
The chart below summarizes how we collect, use and share Personal Information by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Categories in the chart refer to the categories described above in the general section of this Privacy Policy.
Outbrain User Type
Statutory category of personal information (PI)
(click for details)
Source of the PI
Purpose for collection
How we may share, disclose or “sell” information.
Site Visitors
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Site Visitor
See Section 2(a) (Site Visitors).
See Section 2(c) (Site Visitors).
Users
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Users
See Section 2(a) (Users).
See Section 2(c) (Users).
Business Partners
Identifiers
Financial Information
Business Partners
See Section 2(a) (Business Partners).
See Section 2(c) (Business Partners).
8. “Do Not Track” Disclosure
Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites. Because there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Outbrain does not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers. We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving personalized recommendations in the Users section.
9. EU-US Data Protection Framework (DPF) Participation
Outbrain complies with the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF)
, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Please click
here
to view our certification.
10. Complaint and Dispute Resolution Procedure under the DPF
Outbrain’s internal complaints mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Outbrain at:
DPO@outbrain.com
You may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of your country of residence. If you live in the UK, you can make a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
at this address
. If you live in the EU, you can find the relevant data protection authority
here
. To submit a complaint to the FTC, click
here
.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
JAMS
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Please contact or visit the
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Outbrain’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Arbitration
You may also be able to invoke binding arbitration for unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, a resident of a European country (including Switzerland) participating in the DPF must first:
(1) contact us and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue;
(2) seek assistance from
JAMS
(an independent recourse mechanism); and
(3) contact the U.S. Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
If such a resident invokes binding arbitration, each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees. Please be advised that, pursuant to the DPF, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the DPF Principles with respect to the resident. The arbitration option may not be invoked if the individual’s same claimed violation of the Principles
(1) has previously been subject to binding arbitration;
(2) was the subject of a final judgement entered in a court action to which the individual was a party; or
(3) was previously settled by the parties.
For more details, please click
here
.
European Individual Rights Under The
DPF
Outbrain must provide you:
Information on the types of personal data collected
Information on the purposes of collection and use
Information on the type or identity of third parties to which your personal data is disclosed
Choices for limiting use and disclosure of your personal data
Access to your personal data
Notification of the organization’s liability if it transfers your personal data
Notification of the requirement to disclose your personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities
Reasonable and appropriate security for your personal data
A response to your complaint within 45 days
Cost-free independent dispute resolution to address your data protection concerns
The ability to invoke binding arbitration to address any complaint that the organization has violated its obligations under the DPF Principles to you and that has not been resolved by other means
OUTBRAIN’S
LIABILITY IN CASES OF ONWARD TRANSFERS TO THIRD PARTIES
In the context of an onward transfer, Outbrain has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Outbrain remains liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Outbrain proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
11. How This Privacy Policy May Change
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will place a prominent notice that will be visible to you as a Site Visitor or Business Partner, but we do not have a means of advising Users of an update by way of notice. You should check back here periodically to see if the Privacy Policy has been updated as we will always show the date of the latest modification of the Privacy Policy at the top of the page so you can tell when it was last revised.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email at
dpo@outbrain.com
or use the contact details below.
Contact us
General questions
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy you may contact us at:
Outbrain Inc.
111 West 19th Street
3rd Floor
New York, NY 10011, USA
Attn: Privacy questions
Email:
privacy@outbrain.com
or
dpo@outbrain.com
You may also contact your local data protection authority. A list of local data protection authorities is available
here
.
Your preferences about cookies
This website uses cookies, some of which are strictly necessary for this website to operate correctly, some of which are designed to improve your experience or give us aggregated analytics about our visitors (functional and performance cookies) and some of which are for advertising, marketing and targeting purposes. You are able to make your choice below by accepting all cookies or disabling all cookies (except for strictly necessary cookies). To review your options, please click on “Cookies Settings''. For more information about how Outbrain processes your personal data and uses cookies, or to review your choices later, please refer to
Outbrain’s Privacy Policy.
Reject All
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings