La politique de confidentialité de myBlee Math
Privacy Policy – Updated May 26, 2021
1. Personal information and other data we collect
LGM Learning collects personal information when you register for a subscription service, potentially including your email address.
LGM Learning uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your learning experience and to improve the quality of our services.
LGM Learning servers automatically record information when you visit our website or use some of our products, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
2. Uses
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve LGM Learning technologies and services.
3. Your choices
We offer you choices when we ask for personal information, whenever reasonably possible.
You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result.
We make good faith efforts to provide you access to your personal information upon request and to let you correct such data if it is inaccurate and delete it, when reasonably possible.
4. Data protection
If you have indicated on the registration form that you wish to receive direct marketing material, your personal details will be included in a database compiled for direct marketing purposes. From time to time, you may receive direct marketing information from us.
If you have indicated that you wish to receive direct marketing material or email updates from LGM Learning Service but subsequently change your mind, you should notify the user support team at contact@mybleemath.com . As soon after this as is reasonably practicable, we will remove your name details from the relevant database.
5. Variations
These terms may be varied from time to time. Please ensure that you review these terms and conditions regularly as you will be deemed to have accepted a variation if you continue to use the site after it has been posted. Details of variations will be posted in section 6 below.