Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Fall Day Software Inc.
At Fall Day Software, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Fall Day Software and how we use it.
Log Files
Fall Day Software follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Fall Day Software uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Fall Day Software does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
Consent
By using our website or software, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@falldaysoftware.com