App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
Screenshots
iPad
iPhone
Description
Meditation is more than a method for relaxing the body, as some people think. It is a way for gaining freedom from incessant, nagging thoughts and worries, quieting the chatter of the mind, and attaining inner peace and happiness. In its higher levels, it leads to spiritual awakening and enlightenment.
Meditation calms down the body and the mind, reduces stress and anxiety, normalizes the blood pressure and has a healing effect on the body. It improves the power of concentration, sharpens the mind and strengthens the intuition. Its constant practice reduces the number of restless thoughts in the mind and brings inner peace, happiness and bliss.
Once that you have learnt the basic technique, you will be able to try variations like walking meditation and mindfulness meditation, and compassion meditation.
Mindfulness is the ability to see things as they really are, without the cloud of feelings, prejudice, or even mood. It is used in western culture as a therapeutic technique to reduce stress, pain, and even help with depression. It can be used to find and maintain a sense of gratitude toward life, or even to improve your running style.
Compassion helps develop the ability to connect with others and ourselves
Try with these methods, you will also find interesting tips.  Recommend it to your friends!!!
In this app you can choose the language, english, spanish or portuguese, by tapping on the option (es,en,pt).  You wil find the options in configuration.
more
What’s New
Version History
9 Dec 2016
Version 7.30
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
User Interfase improvements. Now in portuguese
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
TapCoder.com
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Sebastian Chab has not identified itself as a trader for this app. If you are a consumer in the European Economic Area, consumer rights do not apply to agreements between you and the provider.
Size
37.1 MB
Category
Lifestyle
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 8.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English, Portuguese, Spanish
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© 2011 Kiosk4Apps
Price
Free
In-App Purchases
Meditation Music
€0.99
App Support
App Support
More By This Developer
See All
Positive Thinking Techniques
Lifestyle
Law of Attraction Quotes
Lifestyle
Relaxation Techniques - Calm your mind
Lifestyle
Nearby Food - Restaurant Finder Lite
Navigation
Daily Spiritual Quotes
Lifestyle
Healthy Relationship - Method & Tips
Lifestyle
You Might Also Like
See All
Sleep Music Sounds App
Lifestyle
Affirmament
Lifestyle
Bodymind studio
Lifestyle
Abiding Above
Lifestyle
Favorite Self
Lifestyle
Succeed : Personal Development
Lifestyle
Sub-section Policy: 