HOME
DOWNLOADS
PHRASEBOOKS
SUPPORT
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. Your data belongs to you.
This policy applies to all information collected on Nemo Apps LLC's website and our apps for iPhone, iPad, Android and any other devices and platforms.
Data collected
To improve the functionality and performance of our apps, and to identify and fix bugs more efficiently, we collect the following types of data:
Anonymous Usage Information:
This includes data about how you interact with our app, such as which features are used most frequently, session lengths, and user engagement metrics. 
This information is collected in aggregate form and cannot be used to identify any individual user.
Technical Information and Crash Data:
When the app encounters technical issues or crashes, we collect data related to the incident.
This includes information about the device type, operating system version, app version, and the conditions under which the crash occurred.
This information helps us diagnose and fix issues to improve app stability and user experience.
To facilitate the collection of this data, we may partner with third-party service providers.
These providers are carefully selected to ensure they meet our privacy standards and are compliant with relevant privacy laws.
The use of third-party services is limited strictly to the purposes outlined in this policy.
When you use one of our apps, it will keep some data on the device so the app can function. 
For example, our language apps keep information about your learning progress and activity. 
This data includes the number of times a word is shown to you, the last time you’ve seen a word, or how frequently you wish to review a word. 
The app may use this data, for example, to focus on words that you want to review frequently but haven’t seen recently.
Our remote control app may keep pairing information on your device that is needed to make a connection with your television.
We do not collect this information.
Our apps often have voice recording features, but we never collect the recordings.
For example, in our language apps, you may record your voice to provide yourself feedback on your pronunciation of the foreign language.
These recordings are stored inside the app and are only used for playback to you. In our remote control app, you can record your voice to transcribe text to send to the television. This recording is not retained on device, and we do not collect it or the text transcribed from it.
In our remote control app, you can also type in text to send to the television. This text is only sent to your television and we never collect it.
This data is not copied off the device unless you do so as part of your own backup of the app data. 
You can delete it by deleting the app from your device and deleting any of your backups of it.
If you decide to use the sync feature on our iOS apps, some data about your learning progress and goal plan is uploaded to your private iCloud account.
This allows it to be shared across your Apple devices. We do not collect this information. 
You can delete this data at anytime with the learning progress reset feature in the app itself.
Alternatively, you can delete it by deleting the app’s iCloud data in your iCloud account settings.
We do not collect any personally identifying information or precise location information.
Website log data
When you visit our website, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called log data. 
This log data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Children
Our apps and website do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13.
Your Consent
By using our website or apps, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting those changes
here
and updating the Privacy Policy modification date below.
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email support@nemoapps.com.
This policy was last modified on Mar 20, 2024.
© 2024 Nemo Apps LLC
HOME
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
English
Change language to:
English
日本語
español
Deutsch
简体中文
português
русский
繁體中文
italiano
français
한국어
Bahasa Indonesia
ภาษาไทย