DSPG Telecom
Bridging the Communications Gap
Home
Products & Services
Instrumentation
Accessibility
News
Contact Us
Log In
Privacy Policy
At DSPG Telecom, we respect and protect the privacy of our clients and users who visit our websites. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use information for DSPG services, including the advertising services, promotions, informational mailings and other offers we provide. By using any services provided by DSPG Telecom, you indicate that you agree to the collection and use of your information by DSPG as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Why We Collect Information
First and foremost, DSPG Telecom collects information to improve the services we provide and to present you with information and services that will interest you. We also use your information to measure our success and performance. For example, aggregate information gives us an idea of the number of visitors we attract and how they navigate our websites.
Personal Information Collection
DSPG Telecom is the sole owner of information collected on this website. Any personal information that is collected by us is provided by you strictly on a voluntary basis. You may submit your personal information in a number of ways, depending on the DSPG service you are using and your choices while using our services. We use this information, such as your email address, to send users information about our company, client campaigns and its products and services if requested or if necessary.
You may submit your credit card information online or over the phone when you sign up for our services. We process payments through Google checkout, PayPal. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any purpose other than billing for our services. We will not share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this privacy policy.
Use of Personal Information
As stated above, unless you voluntarily provide personal information for a specific purpose, we do not collect personal information from you. We will never combine any personal information about a user of our site with any aggregate information we collect about that user, whether collected on our site or our Advertising Service. If you choose to provide personal information during registration or when using our services, we use your personal information to provide you with particular product or services that you request.
DSPG Telecom will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. However, we may transfer personal information in connection with a sale or merger of DSPG or the division responsible for the services provided to you. We may also share your personal information, such as your email address, mailing address, etc., with our technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our site available, enhance its functionality or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in processing your orders and/or delivering content, samples, products, services and gifts and prizes. These third parties are not allowed to use personal information except for the purposes of providing the applicable services. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Security Information
DSPG Telecom stores all data using industry standard security devices, such as firewalls and encryption protocols, to prevent against unauthorized access to our data. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures coupled with carefully developed security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration. When we ask for sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, we protect it through the use of the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol which provides encryption during transmission.
We have put in place policies to restrict access to your information by our employees. Our employees are trained to safeguard your information. Additionally, we use internal and external resources to review the adequacy of our security procedures.
Protection for Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes to this privacy statement on www.dspg.co.uk/news and other places we deem appropriate so you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of the site after such changes have been posted indicates your consent and acceptance of such changes.