This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!
Open Menu
Change City
Login
Host Control
Create an event
Manage events
Get Event discovery App
New
Need help?
in
Select city
Create Event
Sign in
Open App
+ more
Discover Online Events - Attend from anywhere →
Help
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date:
March
30, 2023
Last Updated on:
March 30, 2023
This privacy policy (
"Privacy Policy"
) explains how Allevents
Informations Private Limited or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. (
"We"
,
"Us"
,
"Our"
) Process Personal Data
collected from natural persons as
specified in clause 2 below, as a Controller (
"You"
).
If
You do not agree to the collection and Processing of Your Personal Data, You
are free to not provide the Personal Data sought by Us for collection and
Processing, in which case
You
may not use Our Platform or Website
for which the
said Personal Data was sought.
1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1
"Controller"
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data.
1.2
"Organiser"
means any person or entity who uses the Platform to publish and promote upcoming events to the Users.
1.3
"Personal Data"
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
1.4
"Process or Processed or Processing"
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
1.5
"Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
1.6
"Platform"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Terms of Use.
1.7
"Sensitive Personal Data"
shall have the meaning ascribed to it under rule 3 of the SPDI Rules.
1.8
"SPDI Rules"
means the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011.
1.9
'Terms of Use'
means the Terms of Use available at
Terms of use
.
1.10
"User"
means any person or entity who uses or accesses the Platform to get information about upcoming events in the city.
1.11
"Website"(s)
means the websites that We operate.
2.
HOW WE COLLECT,
USE AND SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
2.1
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY US
When You are a(n)
What Personal Data We Collect
How We use Your Personal Data
Whom We share Your Personal Data with
Users who access the Platform for
  buying tickets or filling out an event inquiry form or a coupon code.
Your contact information, such as Your
  full name, email address, telephone number, and other Sign-up information.
●
Creation
  of a User account, verification of a User’s identity and help a User log into
  Our Platform.
●
To
  communicate to a User any updates on the Platform which may be of interest to
  such User.
●
To
  market events based on your interests, city of preference, etc.
●
To
  Process any transaction during the sale of the tickets.
Third-party partners who assist Us in
  providing Our Platform to You.
User/ Organiser
Information You have provided as part
  of any feedback, comment, inquiry, or survey.
To improve Our Services
Third parties who assist Us in
  providing these services.
Organiser who creates a brand Page or
  events on Our Platform.
Your business name, business portal,
  Your contact information, such as email, and phone number. In addition to
  this Your financial information such as Your bank account information, Your
  paypal account information, or any third-party payment account information
●
Creation
  of a brand page and an event page, verification of the Organisers’ identity
  and to help an Organiser log into Our Platform.
●
To
  inform, promote and market Our Platform to You.
●
Financial
  information collected shall only be used for any payment or billing purposes
  or taxation purposes.
Third parties who help Us in providing
  Our Platform to You.
2.2
PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT NOT PROVIDED
DIRECTLY BY YOU
When You are a(n)
What Personal Data We Collect
How We use Your Personal Data
Whom We share Your Personal Data with
Website visitor
●
Your
  usage of Our Website(s) or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses
  browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp,
  referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks or other identifiers
●
As
  described in clause 9.
●
For
  market analysis, and market research
●
To
  protect the Our data from threats, violations, and breaches if any.
●
To
  inform, promote Our Platform to You.
Third-party partners
who provide Us with
services in connection
with such Processing.
Users who created accounts on the
  Platform using their social media or any other third-party sign-on services.
Your social media account information
  that you have made public on such social media accounts.
●
Creation of an account,
  verification of Users’ identity and help Users log on to our Platform.
●
To inform, promote and
  market our Platform based on Users’ interests in compliance with applicable
  laws.
●
To communicate to the User
  regarding existing Platform or notifications of any alerts or updates
User or Organiser who uses and
  interacts with Our Platform
●
Your
  device type, and the operating system version.
●
Your
  usage of Our Platform, like types of content that you view or engage with,
  the features you use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency and
  duration of your activities, some of which may qualify as Personal Data.
●
To
  evaluate, develop and improve Our Platform
●
For
  market analysis, product analysis and market research.
●
To
  provide support in connection with Your queries
Individuals whose information (a)
  third-party sources share with Us without breach of any confidentiality
  clause and in accordance with applicable law, or (b) is available on public
  platforms.
Your contact information, such as Your
  full name, email address, phone number, designation, and business name. We
  may combine this information with any Personal Data provided by You.
To update, expand, and analyse our
  records and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may
  interest You.
Third party partners who assist Us in
  such Processing.
2.3
If You
provide Us with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, You represent
that You have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the
necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. If You believe that Your Personal Data has been provided to Us
improperly, please contact Us by using the information in
clause 12
below.
2.4
In addition to the details
provided in the table above, We may also share Your Personal Data with
a.
an entity to
which we divest all or a portion of Our business, or otherwise in connection
with a merger, consolidation, change in control, reorganisation or liquidation
of all or a portion of Our business.
b.
Law enforcement
authorities, government authorities, courts, dispute resolution bodies,
regulators, auditors, and any party appointed or requested by applicable
regulators to carry out investigations or audits of Our activities.
c.
Professional
advisors who advise and assist Us in enforcing Our contracts and policies,
handling Our claims, effective management of Our company and in relation to any
disputes We may become involved in.
2.5
The Website
includes social media features and widgets that are either hosted by a
third-party or hosted directly on the Website and Your interaction with these
social media features and widgets is governed by the privacy statement of the
companies that provide them. You should check Your privacy settings on these
third-party services to understand and change the information sent to Us
through these services.
3.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING (EEA REGION)
3.1
If
You are a data
subject from the European Economic Area, Our legal basis for collecting and
using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data
concerned and the specific context in which We collect it.
3.2
We will normally
collect Personal Data from You only where it needs it to perform a contract
with You, where the
Processing is in Our legitimate interests and not overridden
by Your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where
We have Your consent. In some cases, We may also have a legal obligation to
collect Personal Data from You. If We
P
rocess
Personal Data with reliance on Your consent, You may withdraw Your consent at
any time.
>
3.3
If You have
questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on which We
collect and use Your Personal Data, please contact Us using the contact details
provided under
c
lause 1
2
.
4.
INTERNATIONAL
TRANSFER
4.1
We mainly Process
Personal Data in
. However, We may transfer Personal Data outside the
AWS Datacenter in US East
for the purposes referred to in Section 2. We will ensure
that the recipient of Your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection
that is at least comparable to that which is provided under applicable data
protection laws.
4.2
If
You are a resident of the European Economic Area and when Your Personal Data is
Processed outside EEA, We will ensure that the recipient of Your Personal Data
offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into standard
contractual clauses for the transfer of Personal Data as approved by the
European Commission (Article 46 General Data Privacy Regulation, 2016), or We
will ask You for Your prior consent to such international data transfers.
5.
RETENTION OF
PERSONAL DATA
5.1
We retain Personal Data
collected where an ongoing legitimate business requires retention of such
Personal Data.
5.2
In the absence of a need to
retain Personal Data under clause 5.1 above, We will either delete it or
aggregate it, or, if this is not possible then We will securely store Your
Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
possible.
6.
SECURITY OF
PERSONAL DATA
6.1
We
use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal
Data that We collect and Process. The measures We use are designed to provide a
level of security appropriate to the risk of Processing Your Personal Data. If
You have questions about the security of Your Personal Data, please contact Us
immediately as described in this Policy.
7.
YOUR RIGHTS
7.1
You can request
Us for access and correction of Your Personal Data.
7.2
If We have
collected and
P
rocessed Your Personal Data with Your consent, then You can
withdraw Your consent at any time. Withdrawing Your consent will not affect the
lawfulness of any
P
rocessing We have conducted
prior to Your withdrawal, nor will it affect Processing of Your Personal Data
conducted in reliance on lawful
P
rocessing
grounds other than consent.
7.3
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority about Our collection and use
of Your Personal Data. For more information, please contact Your local data
protection authority as specified by the applicable data protection laws.
7.4
You have the right
to opt-out of marketing communications We send You at any time. You can
exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the
marketing e-mails We send You. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as
postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact Us.
7.5
If You are a
resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, You are also entitled to the following
rights:
7.5.1
You can request Us for deletion and erasure of Your Personal Data.
7.5.2
You can object to the Processing of Your Personal Data, ask Us to
restrict Processing of Your Personal Data or request portability of Your
Personal Data.
7.6
If You seek to exercise Your rights under this clause, please contact Us at the details
provided in clause 12. We will verify any requests before acting on the request
and respond to all requests We receive from individuals wishing to exercise
their data protection rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with
applicable data protection laws.
7.7
How to Request Data Deletion
If you would like your personal data to be deleted, please follow these steps:
Send an email to support@allevents.in with the subject line "Data Deletion Request" and include your name and account details.
Once we receive your request, we will process it within 30 days or reasonable timeframe and confirm the deletion via email.
We may retain financial transaction or other data for legal obligations or fraud prevention
8.
NOTICE FOR
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:
8.1
Clause 8 applies only to California residents and the Personal Information We collect as
Business
.
“CCPA”
means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the
CPRA
.
“CPRA”
means the California Privacy Rights Act. For the purposes of this section, the terms “
Business
”, “
Business Purpose
”, “
Consumer
” “
Personal Information
”, “
Sale/Sell
”, “
Service Provider
” and “
Sensitive Personal Information
” and “
Share
” shall have the meaning given to them under the CCPA.
8.2
The categories of Personal Information We have collected in the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date and that We may collect include:
a.
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, passport number, or other similar identifiers;
b.
Signature, physical characteristics or description, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or any other financial information, medical information or health insurance information;
c.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law such as gender and date of birth;
d.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement;
e.
Geolocation data;
f.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
8.3
Disclosure of Personal Information. We have disclosed the categories of personal information listed in clause 8.2 above for a business purpose in the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date and may disclose such personal information to service providers or contractors or to any other third parties who support our business provided (a) they do not Sell or Share such personal information or (b) retain, use or disclose such information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose of performing the services specified in our contract with them or (c) combine such information with any other information received directly by them. We do not Sell or Share (as the terms are defined in the CPRA) the personal information We collect without providing You a right to opt out. We do not Sell or Share personal information of minors of at least the age of thirteen (13) but less than sixteen (16) years without receiving such minor’s consent or the consent of the minor’s guardian if the minor is less than thirteen (13) years. We have not Sold or Shared any personal information in the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date. We shall not disclose further the personal information collected for verification of a consumer’s request or retain it longer than it is necessary for the purpose of verification.
8.4
You are entitled to the following rights under the CCPA:
8.4.1
You can request Us to disclose details, and categories of Your Personal Information collected by Us;
8.4.2
You can request Us to disclose Your Personal Information collected twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date, this right shall apply only to personal information collected after January 1, 2022.
8.4.3
You can request Us to disclose (a) Your Personal Information Sold or Shared and (b) the service provider or contractor, or a third-party (as defined in the CPRA) to whom such information is Sold or Shared.
8.4.4
You can request Us to correct Your inaccurate Personal Information.
8.4.5
You have the right to request deletion of your personal information held by the Us or by Our service provider, contractor, or any other third party to whom We have disclosed personal information to. We shall hold a confidential record of all deletion requests for the purpose of preventing the selling of such personal information for which You have submitted a deletion request.
8.4.6
You have the right to opt out of any Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information if any such sale or sharing occurs.
8.4.7
You can request us to limit the use of Your Sensitive Personal Information.
8.4.8
You can request the transfer of specific pieces of Your Personal Information to any other entity.
8.4.9
You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising Your rights under CCPA.
8.5
California Consumers may exercise their rights under the CCPA by contacting us at the details provided in clause 12. We will verify any requests before acting on them and respond within a reasonable timeframe. Consumers may also designate an authorized agent to act on their behalf.
9.
COOKIE POLICY
9.1
Cookies are text files that are placed on Your computer to collect
standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information by Us. When
You visit the Website(s), We may collect Personal Data automatically from You
through cookies or similar technology. We also set cookies to collect
information that is used either in aggregate form to help Us understand how our
Website(s) are being used or how effective Our marketing campaigns are, to help
customise the Website(s) for You or to make advertising messages more relevant
to You.
9.2
Essential Cookies
: We set essential cookies that enable core
functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may
not opt-out of these cookies. However, You may disable these by changing Your
browser settings, but this may affect how the Website(s) functions.
9.3
Analytics, Customisation and Advertising Cookies:
We set these
cookies to help Us improve Our Website(s) by collecting and reporting
information on how You use it. The cookies collect information in a way that
does not directly identify anyone.
9.4
When You visit the Website(s), a cookie banner will be displayed providing additional information about cookies and options to opt out of non-essential cookies as required by applicable laws.
10.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
10.1
We
recognize the importance of children's safety and privacy. We do not request,
or knowingly collect, any Personal Data from children under the age of 1
6 without the consent given
or authorized by the parent or guardian of the child
.
Parents or
guardians
can revoke the
consent
previously made and review, edit, or delete the Personal Data of children for
whom they provided consent.
If a parent or guardian
becomes aware that his or her child has provided Us with Personal Data without
their consent, they should write to us at the email address provided in clause
1
2
.
11.
NOTICE TO USER AND OTHER EXCLUSIONS
11.1
Where the
Personal Data of Users are collected by the Organiser on their event page, that Organiser is the Controller of such Personal Data. For the
additional information collected by Organisers on their brand page, Users’ data
privacy questions and requests should be submitted to the Organiser in its
capacity as the Users’ Controller. We are not responsible for Organisers’
privacy or security practices or the data retention period which may be
different from this notice. Organisers of Our Platform are solely responsible
for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws
and regulations, as well as any and all privacy policies, agreements, or other
obligations, relating to the collection of Personal Data in connection with the
use of their brand page by the Users.
11.2
Our Website(s)
contain links to other websites. Our Policy applies only to our Website(s), so
if You click on a link to another website, You should read their privacy
policy. We encourage You to review the privacy statements of any such other
websites to understand their Personal Data practices.
11.3
This Policy does
not apply to aggregated information which summarises statistical information
about groups of members, and which does not include name, contact information,
or any other information that would allow any particular individual to be
identified.
11.4
Website(s)  use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
12.
CONTACTING OUR GRIEVANCE OFFICER:
This Policy does
not apply to aggregated information which summarises statistical information
about groups of members, and which does not include name, contact information,
or any other information that would allow any particular individual to be
identified.
Kind
Attention:
Amit
Panchal
Email
Address:
support@allevents.in
Address:
1402, 14th floor Capstone, Kalgi Cross Road, near
Chirag Motors, Parimal Garden, Ahmedabad 380006, Gujarat, India
13.
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
We
keep this Policy under regular review and may update this webpage at any time.
This Policy may be amended at any time and You shall be notified only if there
are material changes to this Policy.