Sorry, the page you're looking for doesn't exist.
Use the search bar below to find what you need. Feel free to
contact me
.
Search
Search
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stronglifts.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
The Stronglifts Privacy Policy helps you understand how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and helps you make informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. stronglifts.com is a service offered by Stronglifts Limited (“Stronglifts”) and references in this document to “us,” “our,” and “we” refer to Stronglifts.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse the site.
You will provide us information about yourself when you register for email newsletters, install and use our mobile apps and purchase any Stronglifts product or services. If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Similar to other commercial websites, this site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how this site is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at this site, and the websites visited just before and just after our site. We may also use small technology or pieces of code to determine which email users read and how they responded to them.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US?
We use personal information to improve our website, products and apps. We also use it to provide customer service. We may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to this website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking the unsubscribe link contained in each such email. When you unsubscribe, we delete that email from our database and don’t contact it again unless you later decide to register again.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
HOW DO WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM COOKIES?
As you use this website, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other users. Cookies, in conjunction with our web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting this site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve this site and better serve you. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
The information we collect is used to improve the content of this site and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes. We do use third parties to host the website, send emails, process payments and so on. These third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with our business activities only. No third party will abuse your personal information. For example: the third party we use to send emails, will not use your personal information to send you emails unrelated to us. We hate spam more than you and we don’t want to be part of it. Your personal information is safe with us.
NOTICE OF NEW SERVICES AND CHANGES
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to this website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. You can always notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking the unsubscribe link contained in each such email. When you unsubscribe, we delete that email from our database and don’t contact it again unless you later decide to register again.
HOW DO WE SECURE INFORMATION TRANSMISSIONS?
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. Some of the information you may enter on this site may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer SSL, 128 bit encryption services. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP.
WHAT ABOUT OTHER WEBSITES LINKED TO THIS SITE?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our site to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including sites which have a link on our site, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on this site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
App Privacy Policy
Stronglifts Limited built the Stronglifts app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Stronglifts Limited at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Stronglifts unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Purchases, Identifiers, Usage data, Diagnostics. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Firebase
Facebook Login
Google login
Apple login
Apple Health Data Access
When you enable Apple Health sync in the Stronglifts app for iOS, we request access to the following data types…
Read
: Active Energy, Resting Energy, Weight, Workouts
Write
: Active Energy, Resting Energy, Weight, Workouts, Data of Birth, Heart Rate, Height, Sex
The Apple Watch requires Active/Resting Energy to send your estimated calories burned to Apple Health. We need the Workouts permission to save your workout to Apple Health, and update previously logged workouts. We need Date of Birth, Height, Weight, and Sex to determine progression settings. We need Weight to estimate calories burned and generate body weight progress graphs inside Stronglifts. The Apple Watch needs Heart Rate to show your heart rate during your Stronglifts workout. We are only asking for permissions that we need. Please note that if you disable any of these permissions, some Stronglifts features may not work.
Health Connect Data Access
When you enable Health Connect sync in the Stronglifts app for Android, we request access to the following data types…
Read:
HeightRecord, WeightRecord
Write:
ActiveCaloriesBurnedRecord, HeightRecord, WeightRecord
Health Connect sync requires reading your height and weight data for customizing your starting weights. It also requires writing your height and weight data in Health Connect so you don’t have to enter it manually twice. Finally, it requires writing active calories burned to send your estimated calories burned with Stronglifts to Health Connect.
Log Data
Whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Data Retention
Personal data is stored as long as required to provide you the Service. You can delete your personal data yourself by deleting your Stronglifts account. You can do so by going to Stronglifts > Settings > Profile > Delete account. When you delete your account all your workouts, programs, notes, and everything we have about you will be deleted. Please note that deleted accounts and data cannot be recovered.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy was last updated on July 16th, 2024.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us
.
Get All Stronglifts Spreadsheets for Free
Join the Stronglifts community to get free access to all the spreadsheets for every Stronglifts program. You’ll also get 15% off Stronglifts Pro, and daily email tips. Enter your email below to sign up today for free.
_Footer Spreadsheet (all pages)
Email
Get Spreadsheets Now
Learn more
Close
Programs
Stronglifts 5×5
Stronglifts 5×5 Plus
Stronglifts 5×5 Ultra
Stronglifts 5×5 Ultra Max
SL5×5 Intermediate
Stronglifts 5×5 Lite
Stronglifts 5×5 Mini
Madcow 5×5
Quarantine
Spreadsheets
Free Spreadsheet Bundle
Stronglifts 5×5 Spreadsheet
Stronglifts 5×5 Plus Spreadsheet
Stronglifts 5×5 Ultra Spreadsheet
Stronglifts 5×5 Ultra Max Spreadsheet
SL5×5 Intermediate Spreadsheet
Stronglifts 5×5 Lite Spreadsheet
Stronglifts 5×5 Mini Spreadsheet
Madcow 5×5 Spreadsheet
Quarantine Workout Spreadsheet
Exercises
Squat
Bench Press
Deadlift
Barbell Row
Overhead Press
Pullups
Dips
App
Signup