Log In
Join Now
Horoscopes
Birth Chart
Reports
Apps
Resources
About
Need a new password?
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Apple
Log In
Privacy and Security Policies
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 18, 2021
AstroGraph and TimePassages Astrology Apps (“AstroGraph Software Inc.,” “TimePassages,” “company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) are committed to protecting your personal information.  This Privacy Policy explains how AstroGraph may collect, store, use, and disclose information when you access or use (1) our website located at astrograph.com (“Website”); (2) TimePassages desktop and mobile applications (“Apps”); and (3) any services, content, and features made available by us through the website or apps (together with the Website and Apps, “Services”).
Your acceptance of this privacy policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable to all visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Services.  By accessing or using the Services, you consent to us collecting, storing, using, and disclosing your information as described in this Privacy Policy.  The provisions contained in this Privacy Policy supersede all previous notices and statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to the Services.  If you do not agree to all provisions of this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Services.  We reserve the right to periodically update or modify this Privacy Policy.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy or the way we use, share, or collect Personal Information, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” at the top of this Privacy Policy, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Services, or by sending you a written communication using the contact information you provided us prior to the new policy taking effect.  Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy after notice of such changes has been communicated.  We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are familiar with our current practices.
Information We Get from You
When you use our Services, we may collect information that you provide to us.  Some of this information may identify you (“Personal Information”), and some of this information may not identify you (“Anonymous Information”).  Sometimes, Anonymous Information may directly or indirectly be associated or combined with Personal information.  In these cases, such Anonymous Information will be considered Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.  In addition, to the extent that Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses or similar identifiers or information are considered personally identifiable information by applicable law, we will treat those items as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Information You Provide to Us
In general, you may visit the Website without telling us who you are or sharing any Personal Information with us.  When you register for an account for the Services (an “Account”), use other aspects of the Services, or communicate with us for customer service or technical support for the Services, we may ask you to provide certain Personal Information, as set forth below.  You may decline to do so, in which case, some features of the Services may not be available, may be limited in performance, or may not work at all.  You may also voluntarily provide Personal Information to us.  The information that we collect and use may include the following kinds of Personal Information:
Your name
Email or login
Phone number
Birth date, birth time, birth place, and current location
AstroGraph uses third parties to collect and process payments--we do not collect or store your credit card information.
Information Collected from Devices
When you access the Services using a computer or mobile device, including, without limitation, a desktop computer, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device (each, a “Device”), we may collect information from your Device, including information related to your behavior and activity while using the Services, such as:
IP address
Browser type
Operating system and version
Local time zone
Date, time, and activity of each visitor request
Referring site and/or search engine
Device type (e.g. desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)
Device manufacturer
Screen size
Language preference
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you access or use the Services, we use Google Analytics to assign random, unique numbers to your Device by placing small data files on your device.  These data files enable our Services to work properly by recognizing your Device when you use the Services.  These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, other local shared objects, or similar technologies provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively, “Cookies”).  Google Analytics generates a Cookie to capture information about your use of the Services.  Cookies are used to compile anonymized information about website activity to improve our Services and to provide other related services.  Google Analytics may use a portion of your IP address to identify its Cookie.
If you prefer not to receive Cookies through the Services, you may opt out of Google Analytics or control how your browser responds to Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser.  Unless you set your browser settings to refuse all Cookies, our system may issue Cookies when you access or use the Services.
How We Use Information
In general, we use the information we collect to provide you with the best possible Services, and continually improve them over time.
Specifically, we may use Anonymous Information as well as Personal Information as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy to improve our Services, to ensure our Services work properly, and for other research and commercial purposes.  These purposes include, among other things, to:
create user accounts and/or profiles through registration and import user contacts;
provide the Services and notices related thereto;
analyze, improve, and customize the Services;
provide customer and technical support for the Services;
conduct surveys, research, and audits;
receive user feedback;
provide information to our representatives and/or advisors, such as our attorneys, accountants, and others to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements;
detect, prevent, and investigate actual or suspected fraud, hacking, infringement, or other misconduct involving the Services.
We will comply with legal requests for information when we have a legal obligation to do so, but we cannot provide information we do not have.
How We Share Information
AstroGraph does not sell your Personal Information to third parties, nor do we disclose Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
We may share Anonymous Information with third parties as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and to improve our Services and for other commercial purposes.
We take your privacy seriously and may disclose Personal Information only as follows:
TO AUTHORIZED BUSINESS PARTNERS.  Authorized Business Partners are third parties whose services AstroGraph uses to operate and improve our own Services.  These third parties include agents, contractors, vendors, system integrators, etc.  AstroGraph, our affiliates, and our business partners may share this Personal Information with each other and use it, consistent with this Privacy Policy.  They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, Services, and content.
TO CUSTOMER SUPPORT EMPLOYEES.  Authorized customer support employees may access your Personal Information as needed to resolve issues you encounter on our Services and help you use our Services.
We may share information about you for legal, safety, and security reasons.  We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
We may share information about you as part of a merger or acquisition.  If AstroGraph gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.
WE DO NOT SELL PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have never sold your Personal Information, and we will not sell your Personal Information to third parties for their use without your consent.
Links to third-party websites
When you use our Services, you may be directed to other websites and applications that are beyond our control.  We may also allow third-party websites or applications to link to the Services.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked websites and applications, but we do encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties, websites, and applications.  This Privacy Policy only applies to our Services.
Social Media Features
Information You Share Socially
Keep in mind that the users who view any content you share (e.g. your profile or your DMs) can always save that content or copy it outside the app.  So, the same common sense that applies to the internet at large applies to AstroGraph as well:  Don’t share or make public any content that you wouldn’t want someone else to save or share.
How we secure, store, and retain information
Security
We take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of your Personal Information.  We use security measures to help protect your Personal Information against loss, misuse, or unauthorized disclosure, but we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the internet.  We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, but there is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or lost.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your Personal Information.  You also play a role in protecting your Personal Information.  Please safeguard your username and password for your Account and do not share them with others.  If we receive from you instructions to use your Account login information, such as when contacting our customer service, we will consider that you have authorized those instructions.  You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account or any other breach of security related to the Services.  We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to provide the Services, terminate your Account, and to remove or edit content.
Storage
The Personal Information that you provide to us is generally stored on servers maintained by AWS, or Amazon Web Services.  These servers are located in the United States.  If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Information is submitted through our Services, it will be transferred to our servers in the United States and therefore governed by local data protection laws, which can vary state by state.
International users
AstroGraph is headquartered in the United States, but be aware that third party services may be located around the world.  If you are using our Services from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated.
By using our Services, you consent to such transfers of this information.  We will protect the privacy and security of Personal Information according to this Privacy Policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored; however, you explicitly acknowledge and consent to the fact that Personal Information stored or processed in the United States will be subject to the laws of the United States, including the legal requests of governments, courts or law enforcement, or regulatory agencies of the United States.
We use email to respond to support inquiries and to share information about our products, services, and promotional offers that we think may interest you.  If you prefer not to receive these messages from us, you can unsubscribe at any time.  If you need any assistance in unsubscribing from our Services, please let us know by emailing support@astrograph.com.
Security
We, at AstroGraph Software, are committed to providing the safest online environment possible for our customers. Every page of our website is secured by GeoTrust, utilizing the highest level of encryption and security possible.
All credit card transactions are directly processed by Stripe, a world leader in secure online transactions, and never pass through our server. We do not store your payment information on our website. Stripe releases no information from your transactions to third parties.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments, please contact us:
By email
at support@astrograph.com
By phone
available 9 AM - 5 PM Pacific Time at (831) 425-6548
In writing
at
AstroGraph Software
251 Dufour St.
Santa Cruz, CA 95060
USA
About Us
Policies
Terms
Support
Email
We respect your privacy. Our website is using cookies for analytics, language and user settings. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of
cookies
,
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Sale
.
I agree
This page describes the terms and conditions that govern your use of TimePassages products or services, including ASTROGRAPH.COM and mobile applications, offered by Astrograph Software, Inc. (“TimePassages”, “Astrograph”, “astrograph.com”, “us” or “we”).
Please read these terms carefully before using any TimePassages products or services.
For information on how Astrograph Software Inc. collects, uses, and shares any personal information, please see our Privacy Policy (https://www.astrograph.com/company/policies.php).
Table of Contents
1. GENERAL RULES AND DEFINITIONS
2. CONTENT OF THE SERVICES
3. PROHIBITED USE OF THE SERVICES
4. PAYMENT METHODS
5. FEES AND PAYMENTS
6. SUBSCRIPTIONS
7. REGISTRATION AND SECURITY
8. CUSTOMER SERVICE
1 GENERAL RULES AND DEFINITIONS
1.1  If you choose to use any TimePassages products or services, including astrograph.com, our mobile applications, and desktop software, you will be agreeing to abide by all of the terms and conditions.
1.2  We may change, add, or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions at any time.  Such changes shall become effective immediately upon posting.  It is your responsibility to review these terms and conditions.
1.3  If any of these terms and conditions are unacceptable to you, you may 1.) cancel your account, and/or 2.) discontinue your use of the services.  Your continued use of the services will indicate acceptance by you of the terms and conditions.
1.4  If you are found in violation of our terms and conditions, we may suspend any aspect of the services at any time, including the availability of any Services features, database, or content.
1.5  Astrograph Software, Inc., reserves the right to change the Terms and Conditions at any time. Customers are encouraged to review the Terms and Conditions on a periodic basis for modifications.
1.6  All sales from astrograph.com and our mobile applications are governed by California law, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. Risk of loss and title for all electronically delivered purchases pass to the purchaser in California upon electronic transmission to the recipient.
2 CONTENT OF THE SERVICES
2.1  The contents of the services, including astrograph.com, are intended for your personal, noncommercial use.  All materials published are protected by copyright, and owned by Astrograph Software, Inc.
2.2  You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the Services for your personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein. Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Astrograph Software, Inc.
3 PROHIBITED USE OF THE SERVICES
3.1 You may not access or use, or attempt to access or use, the Services to take any action that could harm us or a third party. You may not use the Services in violation of applicable laws or in violation of our or any third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary or legal rights. You further agree that you shall not attempt (or encourage or support anyone else's attempt) to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with the Services, or any content thereof, or make any unauthorized use thereof.
4 PAYMENT METHODS
4.1  ASTROGRAPH.COM accepts the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover.
4.2  If a credit card is being used for a purchase, ASTROGRAPH.COM may obtain a pre-approval from the credit card company for an amount up to the amount of the order.
4.3  Billing to your credit card occurs at the time of purchase for electronically transferred products or at time of shipment of your products.
5 FEES AND PAYMENTS
5.1  All sales are final.
5.2  We reserve the right at any time to charge fees for access to portions of the Services or the Services as a whole. In no event, however, will you be charged for access to the Services unless we obtain your prior agreement to pay such charges. Thus, if at any time we require a fee for portions of the Services that are now free, we will give you advance notice of such fees. You may cancel your account at any time. All new fees, if any, will be posted prominently on astrograph.com or within the mobile apps. You shall pay all fees and charges incurred through your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred, including, but not limited to charges for any digital products or services offered for sale through the Services by us or by any other vendor or service provider. All fees and charges shall be billed to and paid for by you. You shall pay all applicable taxes relating to use of the Services through your account.
ASTROGRAPH.COM endeavors to offer you competitive prices on current selections. Your total price will include the price of the Product plus any applicable sales tax.
5.3  ASTROGRAPH.COM reserves the right to change prices for Products offered at ASTROGRAPH.COM at any time and does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering.
5.4  ASTROGRAPH.COM purchases will include sales tax based on the billing address. We will only charge tax for orders billed to an address in California. No customers are eligible for tax exemptions for purchases made from ASTROGRAPH.COM.
6 SUBSCRIPTIONS
6.1  Monthly and Annual Subscriptions
Subscriptions are billed once a month or annually on the same day payments began. Subscriptions are always set to auto-renew.  You can cancel your subscription at any time. Partial months or partial annual subscriptions will not be refunded.
7 REGISTRATION AND SECURITY
7.1  As part of the registration or account creation process, you will create login credentials by selecting a password and providing an e-mail address or by linking another account, such as your Apple or Google accounts.
Each registration is for a single user only. You are not allowed to share your registration login credentials or give your login credentials to anyone else. We may cancel or suspend your access to the Services if you share your login credentials. You may not (i) select or use the login credentials of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use login credentials in which another person has rights without such person's authorization; or (iii) use login credentials that we, in our sole discretion, deem offensive. Failure to comply with the foregoing shall constitute a breach of these Terms and Conditions, which may result in immediate suspense or termination of your account.
You consent to receive notifications from us electronically to the e-mail address you provide to us. You agree that all notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You agree that you have the ability to store such electronic communications such that they remain accessible to you in an unchanged form.
7.2  Please notify support@astrograph.com of any known or suspected unauthorized use(s) of your account, or any known or suspected breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your password or credit card information.
8 CUSTOMER SERVICE
For assistance with billing questions, other order inquiries, or tech support, please email us at support@astrograph.com or visit www.astrograph.com and utilize the support widget.  Responses to emails will be provided as soon as possible.  Our office hours are Monday-Friday, 9-5pm, Pacific Time.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device when you visit a website. The cookies send information back to the originating website or another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies can be permanent (these are known as persistent cookies) where they remain on your computer until you delete them, or temporary (these are known as session cookies) where they last only until you close your browser. Cookies can also be first-party cookies which are those set by the website which is being visited, or third-party cookies which are set by a website other than the one being visited.
How does astrograph.com use cookies?
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website
We respect your privacy. Our website is using cookies for analytics and user settings. By continuing to browse our site you agree to our use of
cookies
,
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Sale
.
I agree
PAYMENT METHODS
ASTROGRAPH.COM accepts the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover.
If a credit card is being used for a purchase, ASTROGRAPH.COM may obtain a pre-approval from the credit card company for an amount up to the amount of the order. Billing to your credit card occurs at the time of purchase for electronically transferred products or at time of shipment or your products.
SALES TAX
ASTROGRAPH.COM purchases will include sales tax based on the billing address. We will only charge tax for orders billed to an address in California. No customers are eligible for tax exemptions for purchases made from ASTROGRAPH.COM.
PRICES
ASTROGRAPH.COM endeavors to offer you competitive prices on current selections. Your total price will include the price of the Product plus any applicable sales tax. ASTROGRAPH.COM reserves the right to change prices for Products offered at AstroGraph.com at any time, and does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price drop or promotional offering.
SUBSCRIPTIONS
Subscriptions are billed once a month on the same day of the month payments began.  You can cancel your subscription at any time.  Partial months will not be refunded.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
For assistance with billing questions or other order inquiries, please
send us an email
, and completing the email form. Responses to emails will be provided as soon as possible.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
All Sales are final.
ASTROGRAPH.COM is not responsible for typographic errors.
ASTROGRAPH.COM reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of sale at ASTROGRAPH.COM at any time. Customers are encouraged to review the Terms of Sale on a periodic basis for modifications.
All sales at ASTROGRAPH.COM are governed by California law, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. Risk of loss and title for all electronically delivered purchases pass to the purchaser in California upon electronic transmission to the recipient.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device when you visit a website. The cookies send information back to the originating website or another website that recognizes that cookie.
Cookies can be permanent (these are known as persistent cookies) where they remain on your computer until you delete them, or temporary (these are known as session cookies) where they last only until you close your browser. Cookies can also be first-party cookies which are those set by the website which is being visited, or third-party cookies which are set by a website other than the one being visited.
How does astrograph.com use cookies?
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website