Privacy Policy of
vBookz PDF Voice Reader
The owner does not collect or share any personal data.
Our system only identifies the app package serial number.
​
All purchases are subject to your personal Apple / iTunes account to which we, the developers, have no access or management capability. The trade problems are between the users and iTunes / Apple.
​
The app is client-based software and has no online or offline connection with the developer. If you wish to clarify that your Personal Data are not collected and shared with anyone, contact the Data Controller.
​
Owner and owner of the treatment
MindEx International Ltd. 60 Medinat Hayehudim St. Herzeliya 4676652 Israel
Owner contact email:
muse@vbookz.com
Types of data that could be collected
The owner does not collect personal data. There are no direct recording or tracking mechanisms of any kind within the app. Users who have doubts about their personal data are invited to contact the owner.
We do not use cookies
​
Changes to this privacy statement
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and / or - as far as technically and legally feasible - by sending a communication to Users through any contact information available to the owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification indicated at the bottom.
If the changes affect the processing activities performed on the basis of the User's consent, the Data Controller will collect a new consent from the User, where requested.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, any reference to the European Union made within this document includes all current member states of the European Union and the European Economic Area.
​
Legal information
This privacy statement has been drawn up on the basis of provisions of multiple legislations, including art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy statement refers exclusively to this Application, unless otherwise specified in this document.
Last updated: September 4, 2023