Privacy Policy
The Midland News Association Ltd (a National World plc Company), 8th Floor, Mander House, Mander Centre, Wolverhampton WV1 3NH is a local newspaper publisher. We publish popular daily and weekly newspapers along with magazines, delivering news to local audiences in print and online.
This policy sets out the practices for MNA Ltd. MNA Ltd is the single trading name for the Express & Star, Shropshire Star, MNA Digital, Star Employment Services, Xpress Distribution, The Farmer, Select Magazine and Shropshire Magazine. Our website is https://www.mnamedia.co.uk/
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
Contact details:
Data Protection Officer
The Midland News Association Ltd (a National World plc Company)
Email: data.protection@mnamedia.co.uk
Postal address: 8th Floor, Mander House, Mander Centre, Wolverhampton WV1 3NH
If you have a complaint, we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns so please contact us in the first instance. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk)
What this policy is for
This policy explains how we collect, use and disclose information about you. By using your information about you, we can provide the product or service you have asked for. The use of information helps us understand what your needs and interests are, provide personalised content and match the most relevant adverts and services for you.
This policy sets out the practices for the The Midland News Association Ltd (a National World plc Company). The MNA Ltd is the single trading name for the Express & Star, Shropshire Star, MNA Digital, Star Employment Services, Xpress Distribution and Shropshire Weekly. Our website is https://www.mnamedia.co.uk/
As a local newspaper publisher, we respect your rights to privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal data in accordance with the law when you are dealing with us.
Changes to your data and preferences
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
The data we collect about you
Identity Data
includes name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth, gender and photograph.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email, address, telephone numbers and location details.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details and credit references.
Sensitive Data
means details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. It also includes information about allegations and convictions for criminal offences.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login user-name (never your passwords), browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our websites.
Profile Data
includes your user-name, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communication Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Unless they are properly the subject of editorial material in our news and magazine titles or you consent for a specific purpose, we do not collect any sensitive data about you. If you use Star Employment you may be invited to upload your curriculum vitae for archiving with us and viewing by permitted organisations.
We may need personal data to perform a contract for services you order from us (such as advertising) or to meet a legal obligation on us. If you do not provide it, we may have to cancel your order, but we will let you know at the time.
Third-party links
Our websites may include links to third-party websites, applications and plug-ins (such as ‘Scribble Live’). Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites. For more information on how these organisations use information, please read their privacy policies. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
Children
We do not as a rule directly offer children under 16 products or services or obtain information about them (except in newsgathering). Children may sometimes be invited to take part in prize competitions and promotions, in which case we will require parental or legal guardian consent.
Data protection in newsgathering
We gather information for the production of our news and other information services (“editorial information”). The editorial information is intended for publication and may incorporate extensive personal data about individuals, including Sensitive Personal Data.
The free press serves a vital function in an open democratic society and the law recognises its importance by exempting the press from most of the data protection provisions where there is a proper journalistic purpose. We respect the rights of privacy of people who find themselves in the news and we seek to comply with the relevant data protection principles where we reasonably can.
News and features are published in print and online by each of our titles, and also distributed by social media such as Facebook and Twitter. They may be passed for publication by other titles within the The Midland News Association Ltd (a National World plc Company) or syndicated to third party publishers in any medium in the UK or around the world. Our websites are focused locally in the UK, but of course they can be viewed from anywhere in the world.
After first publication, in print or on the home page of our websites, we will keep copies in publicly accessible paper or searchable online archives. These archives are an important historical record. They are intended to be kept indefinitely. We will not delete, annotate or amend the archives unless the law so requires, or there is an inaccuracy or an important update.
We may also record and store unpublished information about individuals and matters of general interest for any length of time with a view to publication in the future, for example background research in developing stories or longer-term information held for the preparation of an obituary. We seek to review this information at least every seven years and discard it if we think it is no longer relevant or accurate.
On our websites and social media pages, we host facilities where people can post comments about news stories and other matters. These posts are uploaded automatically by the poster without our intervention and may contain personal data. It is the poster who is primarily responsible for this material, but we operate user terms and an acceptable use policy which we may enforce against users on receipt of a complaint. A ‘report this post’ link is provided and we will respond to complaints using that link.
How your data is collected
Separately from our news gathering activities, we collect data from and about you in order to run our business.
When you give us information:
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. And you will give us personal data when you:
purchase advertising from us or other products or services;
use our website;
register and comment on our news stories;
subscribe to any of our services or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
take part in an event we have organised.
apply for a vacant position with the MNA.
Behavioural advertising online:
As you interact with our website, we or third parties posting advertisements to our site may automatically collect Technical Data about your devices and browsing patterns by using cookies and similar technologies. Those third parties may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing their cookies and aggregate this data to build Profile Data about you and your interests and preferences in order to target advertisements tailored to your interests.
Cookies: it’s your choice
Using cookies means we can show more of the ads that are relevant to you and fewer that are not. Cookies control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been. Effective advertising helps us to keep our websites and their news content free for you to use.
You can find out more about behavioural advertising and how to opt out of it selectively at youronlinechoices.com. If you want to opt out of receiving targeted advertising, this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our websites; it just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you.
You can also set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. But if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our websites may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about cookie control and the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy on the website.
Marketing messages:
When we send emails to you, they will contain pixels. Our system uses them to collect Technical Data about the opening of the email and you clicking on any links. They also tell us if you go on to purchase products or services promoted in the email so that we can evaluate the success of the promotion. They are not used for targeting ads.
Third parties or publicly available sources:
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
When you are online, we may gather Technical Data from cookies used by analytics providers such as Google and Yandex. You can opt-out of Google Analytics and Yandex monitoring your behaviour on our web sites by going to:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
https://yandex.com/support/metrica/general/opt-out.html
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as Barclaycard (their privacy policy is available at
https://www.barclaycard.co.uk/personal/privacy-policy
)
Financial Data, specifically credit reference information from consumer credit reporting agencies, such as Experian (experian.co.uk/consumer/privacy).
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators, such as Experian
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and Yell.com
Identity, Contact and Profile Data from surveys and polls where you have consented to your information being used.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. The law recognises that a business has legitimate interests in using personal data to deliver its services provided it does not interfere unduly with the rights of individuals. We have concluded after careful consideration that our legitimate interests cover most of our collection and use of personal data. Those legitimate interests are as follows:
to enhance your experience by providing services customised to you personally;
to sell advertising space (specifically targeted advertising as described above) in order to fund our free-to-access news services;
to monitor and improve our services
to consider your application for employment with us.
We also need to gather data and contact you in order to perform any contract for advertising or other products and services we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. This includes registering you as a customer and managing our relationship with you. We may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration, your subscription or postings or with system updates.
Sometimes we may need to use your personal data to fulfil a legal obligation, often for your and our benefit, such as fraud prevention. Generally, we do not rely on your consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you (see below).
Marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us by email or text if you have requested information from us or purchased products or services from us, or if you provided us with your details when you registered for an account, entered a competition or other promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
You may also receive marketing communications from us by post or telephone. We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices, for example, by giving you boxes to tick if you want to receive marketing
Third-party marketing
We will not share your personal contact data with any person outside the The Midland News Association Ltd (a National World plc Company) and their subsidiary companies for their own marketing purposes unless you have clearly agreed.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the link on the message or by contacting us.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product or service purchase.
Change of purpose
We will use only personal information consistently with the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will tell you if we plan to use it for a different purpose. We will make sure we delete personal data securely when usage ends.
Disclosures of your personal data
With your consent, we will share your IP address and first-party cookie with Experian who will use it to carry out data profiling by linking your IP address and first-party cookie to your postal address and in turn, to one or more of the “predictive models” they have created. Experian’s
predictive models are created using data from various data sources (including public data sources) and are used to try to predict behaviour and preferences (e.g. how likely you are to buy a holiday online or take a particular type of holiday) or likely circumstances (e.g. Experian’s model
might predict you are a city dweller and therefore less likely to be interested in gardening).
Experian will not share the details we provide to them about you with any third party but will use and store it primarily to help:
• us better understand the likely characteristics of visitors to our website(s);
• us improve the relevancy and appropriateness of the advertisements we display to you when you visit our website(s); and
• Experian to link identifiers with the same IP address together for the purposes of applying their predictive models
To understand more about the use of your data by Experian, including which lawful basis Experian relies on to process your personal data and how to exercise your data protection rights in relation to their use of your data (including how to opt-out), please click through to the Experian
website at
https://www.experian.co.uk/marketing-services/consumer-information-portal
We may share details of our customers with agents or sub-contractors who help us deliver our services. This includes other The Midland News Association Ltd (a National World plc Company) subsidiary companies and the following third parties:
IBM, IT support
Miles 33, IT support
PCS, IT support
Mailchimp - email marketing
Local Stars- Ad creation platform
NRS - a marketing advisor
iPromote - Ad creation and marketing platform
Central Index- Directory platform
Matchcraft - PPC platform
DFP - Ad flighting
Any external sub-contractors who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information.
We may make other organisations’ services available through our websites. If we process any personal information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation, we do so under this privacy policy. The information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies.
If you are attending an event organised by us or an event partner, data may be shared for event administration purposes.
We also disclose personal data where required by law to HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities in the UK. If we acquire another business or sell the whole or part of our business, the new owner may use your data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
International Transfers
If we transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area, we ensure a similar degree of data privacy protection is afforded to it by applying one of the following safeguards where necessary:
• Specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe (“EU model contracts”).
• We may transfer data to the US if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. By law, for tax and other purposes, we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) – these are kept in line with legal requirements.
We will review our marketing contact lists and delete those contacts where there has been no activity for three years. In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
If you have applied for a vacant position with the MNA and your application was unsuccessful then the Company will keep your personal information on file in case there are future suitable employment opportunities with us. The Company will hold your personal information for a further 12 months, at which point the data will be destroyed.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or that of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
data.protection@mnamedia.co.uk
or by post to the Data Protection Officer, The Midland News Association Ltd (a National World plc Company), 51-53 Queen Street, Wolverhampton, WV1 1ES
No fee usually required
You will not normally have to pay a fee, but we may charge a reasonable sum if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
As a security measure, we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may choose to amend our privacy policy from time to time. We will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant, we may also decide to email all our registered users with the new details. Where required by law, we will seek your consent to make these changes.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.barclaycard.co.uk/personal/privacy-policy:
Barclaycard's Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to information we hold about you.  In this policy, 'we', 'us', and 'our' mean Barclaycard, which is a trading name of Barclays Bank UK PLC., registered number 9740322, registered office 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. Barclaycard’s trading address is at 1234 Pavilion Drive, Northampton NN4 7SG. 'You' means the person the information relates to.
This policy applies to information held about customers and possible future customers, suppliers and possible future suppliers, contacts and all other people we hold information about.  By ‘information’ we mean personal and financial information about you that we collect, use, share and store. For further details on the information about you that we may process, please see the full
Barclaycard Privacy Policy
PDF (666KB).
How we collect information about you
We collect, use, share and store information about you to provide you with the services that you have requested from us and to share information with you about services that may be of interest to you.  We will collect your information directly from you or from third parties.  For further details of where we may obtain your information from, see the full
Barclaycard Privacy Policy
PDF (666KB).
How we use your information
We use this information:
to provide our services to you;
to help us develop new and improved products and services to meet our customers' needs;
for security and to check your identity;
for training;
to communicate with you;
to comply with legal and regulatory obligations;
where we have a legitimate interest in doing so, such as the protection of our business interests or the prevention of fraud; and
to keep you informed about products and services you hold with us and to send you information about products or services (including those of other companies that may be of interest to you).
We will use automated processes. For further information, including the legal basis on which we use your information, please see the full
Barclaycard Privacy Policy
PDF (666KB).
Sharing your information with others
We’ll keep your information confidential but we may share it in certain circumstances, for the purposes set out in this policy, with:
other Barclays companies;
other companies who provide a service to you, for example if you use our products to make a purchase or payment;
any company we are providing services with or whose name or logo appears on our products;
our service providers and agents, including their subcontractors;
social media companies so that they can display messages to you about our products and services;
anyone we transfer or may transfer our rights, duties, debts or assets to;
credit reference agencies; and
fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment.
The people and organisations listed above will also have to keep it secure and confidential.
For further details of third parties we may share your information with, and how your information will be used by us, fraud prevention agencies, credit reference agencies, and other third parties, see the full
Barclaycard Privacy Policy
PDF (666KB).
Credit Reference Agencies and Fraud Prevention Agencies
We will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity. These agencies may in turn share your personal information with other organisations. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment.
If false or inaccurate information is provided to us and fraud is identified, details may be passed to credit reference and fraud prevention agencies to prevent fraud and money laundering and to verify your identity.
The Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) describes how the three main credit reference agencies in the UK each use and share personal data. The CRAIN is available on the credit reference agencies’ websites:
www.transunion.co.uk/crain
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
www.experian.co.uk/crain
Or you can ask us for a copy of these.
For more details on how information held by credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies may be used, please see the full
Barclaycard Privacy Policy
PDF (666KB).
Your rights
You have rights relating to the way that we use your information, and can make certain choices. For example, you can:
inform us of a correction to your personal data;
withdraw any permission you have previously given to allow us to use your information;
object to any automated decision-making;
ask us to stop or start sending you marketing messages;
ask us to send you (or someone you nominate) a copy of the information we hold about you;
ask us to stop using your information in certain circumstances.
To use any of the rights set out above, or to discuss any other issue relating to your information, please contact us via the methods set out in the 'Contact us' section.
If you have any concerns about the way we use your information, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office, which regulates the use of personal information in the UK, by calling
0303 123 1113
or via
www.ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
.
For further details on your rights concerning the way we use your information, and other ways to contact us, please see the full
Barclaycard Privacy Policy
PDF (666KB).
Contact us
Please go to
www.barclays.co.uk/control-your-data
if you have any questions about privacy issues. If you would like more information on your rights, or you want to exercise them, please send a request through our website at
www.barclays.co.uk/control-your-data
.
You can contact our data protection officer at: The Data Protection Officer, Barclays Bank UK PLC, Leicester, LE87 2BB or email:
DPO@Barclays.com
.
Changes to personal data law
In May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will change the law in regard to your personal data. Explore
www.barclays.co.uk/control-your-data
to see how it affects you. It includes updates to our privacy notices to reflect your rights in relation to personal data, and the legal grounds for using it.
Security
Please remember that any messages you send over the internet aren't secure unless they are encrypted. We’re not responsible for unauthorised access by a third party or the corruption of any information sent to us.
So for your own security, please don't send us any personal or account information by standard email.
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies and similar technologies to collect data from your device. Like many banks, we need to collect this data for the website to operate, but we also use it to provide the best experience, understand how you use our website, provide social media features, personalise content, deliver service messages and deliver adverts.
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which your computer or mobile device downloads when you visit a website. When you return to websites – or visit websites that use the same cookies – they recognise these cookies and therefore your browsing device.
We use cookies to do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally improving your browsing experience. They can also help ensure that ads you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. We also use similar technologies such as pixel tags and JavaScript to undertake these tasks.
If you visit our website, we will deploy these technologies to provide an online service more suited to the device you connect from, as well as to prevent and detect fraud, keeping you secure. When you visit our website from any device (mobile, tablet or PC), we collect information about your use of this site, such as information about the device or browser you use to access the site (including device type, operating system, screen resolution etc.), the way you interact with this site, and the IP address your device connects from. You may not be able to initiate or complete some activities within our secure online services unless these cookies or similar technologies are installed. Please note, we may not be able to process certain transactions if you are physically located in certain countries.
We use cookies to:
Ensure your security and privacy when in our secure sites
Store login details for our secure sites
Temporarily store input information in our calculators, tools, illustrations and demonstrations
Provide you with ads that are more relevant to you and your interests, and improve our targeting and enhance your journey through our sites and partner sites
Improve our understanding of how you navigate through our sites so we can identify improvements
Evaluate our sites' advertising and promotional effectiveness; and
We use both our own (first-party) and partner companies' (third-party) cookies to support these activities
The types of cookies used on this website fall into one of four categories - Strictly Necessary, Performance, Functionality & Profile and Targeting.
Strictly Necessary
The data collected in this category is essential to provide our services to you. The data is necessary for the website to operate, to verify your identity and to maintain your security and privacy while using the website. It enables you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas. This category is always on, as without this data, the services you’ve asked for can’t be provided. Although it is possible to disable cookies on websites via the browser settings, this would affect the functionality of the website, causing it not to work. This data is not used for marketing purposes or for the purposes covered by the other three categories below.
Performance
In most cases, the data collected in this category is anonymous and is used to inform us how the website is used, for example which areas you use most often and if you receive any error messages. With this data we can then improve how our website works and be sure that the products and services we offer are right for you and other people.
In limited cases for mobile banking issues, the information also enables us to identify specific issues you may have had.
This data is not used to target you with online advertising. Without this data, we can't assess how our website is performing and make relevant improvements that could better your banking experience.
Functionality & Profile
Data collected in this category enables the website to remember choices you make. This means a more personalised experience for features of the website that can be customised. It may also be used to provide services you've asked for, such as watching a video or commenting on a blog.
The data may also be used to ensure that our banking services and communications are relevant to you. This category can’t track your activity on other websites. Without this data, the website can’t remember choices you've previously made or personalise your experience in the website.
Targeting
Data collected in this category is used to help make our messages more relevant to you. The data informs us about how you use the website and is shared with other Barclays systems or third parties, such as advertisers and social media platforms we may use to deliver personalised messages. We do this in order to provide you with targeted advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests, and to improve how personalised messages work and help us identify issues.
If you don’t wish to consent to this category, it’s important to note that you may still receive generic advertising or service messages, but they will be less relevant to you and your interests. In addition, you will still be informed of important notifications about your account via other channels, such as SMS, mailings, email etc.
To find out more about the cookies in each category, read the
full list of cookies used on our websites
.
Cookies in emails
In addition to the cookies we use on this website, we also use cookies and similar technologies in some emails and push notifications. These help us to understand whether you have opened the email and how you have interacted with it. If you have enabled images, cookies may be set on your computer or mobile device. Cookies will also be set if you click on any link within the email.
Setting your data preferences
You can control how non-essential categories of cookies are placed on your device via the Data Preferences page.
Review preferences
What happens to data collected by cookies that have been downloaded in the past?
If you'd initially consented to one or more categories, we may still use the data collected at that time, when you had previously provided your consent.  When you change your settings to disable any of the non-essential categories, we will re-set our systems as soon as reasonably possible to stop using those categories to gather any further data.
More information
Information about cookies:
All About Cookies
Internet Advertising Bureau:
Guide to online advertising and privacy
I'm interested in...
How accessible the website is
Reading the terms and conditions of the website
Browsing the site securely
Finding the best credit cards for my needs
New to credit
Existing customer information
We have to use some essential cookies to make this website work. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile
device. We also use other optional cookies to:
Analyse how you use the site
Personalise and improve your site experience
Deliver personalised content and messaging from ourselves and third parties
You can either accept or reject these optional cookies or select 'Manage
cookies' to change your preference at any time. See our
cookie policy
page for more information.