Privacy Policy for Apps
Francis Zorrilla / Privacy policy
This privacy policy deals with everything concerning the type of information, the use and the security that will be given to the data collected through my mobile applications.
You are very important as a user and I know you are concerned about the treatment that will be given to your information, so I invite you to read the following information so that you are well informed.
BY INSTALLING MY MOBILE APPLICATIONS YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY TERMS, JUST DO NOT INSTALL THE APPLICATIONS I OFFER YOU FOR YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
Information that I collect
My applications DO NOT COLLECT any personal information as it may be;
your name, contacts in your calendar, user names, email addresses, passwords, photographs, audio, documents, etc.
That is, any information that you as a user would never want to share with anyone.
My applications can collect information that is not personal as it may be;
status of your internet connection, the IP address of your mobile device, information and features of the sensors of your mobile device, the version of your operating system, the model and brand of your mobile device, the unique device ID of your mobile device , and information about how you use my applications.
How I use your information
My applications DO NOT USE any personal information.
Your data is safe.
My applications make use of non-personal information.
This information is of vital importance and I use it for the correct functioning of the applications, for example;
Information about the sensors on your mobile device is necessary to determine what features will be available within the application, as well as information about your device and operating system serve the same purpose.
In the same way, my applications use this «non-personal» information to be able to display ads.
Information that I share
My applications DO NOT USE OR SHARE any personal information.
My applications use third-party services to include ads within them, therefore, you may be able to share non-PERSONAL information with those ad providers.
In turn, these ad serving entities may collect non-PERSONAL information for matters related to the use and display of advertisements.
Links to websites and third-party services
My applications may contain links to websites or third-party services, this includes ads.
If you decide to click on any link to such online services or external websites, then you will be subject to the terms and conditions of the privacy policy of those sites and services and NOT to this privacy policy.
My applications have no control over the information collected once you decide to visit those sites or services provided by third parties, so I am not responsible for any misuse that such sites may make to your information.
Changes to the privacy policy
This privacy policy may change at any time, if you continue to use my applications after the policies are updated it means that you agree to the new terms and conditions.
I invite you to constantly review this privacy policy.
Comparte esto:
Haz clic para compartir en Twitter (Se abre en una ventana nueva)
Haz clic para compartir en Facebook (Se abre en una ventana nueva)
Me gusta
Cargando...