for mobile devices
请向下滚动查看中文版本。中文版在英文版之后。
Please refer to our data acquisition policy. If you do not agree with our data acquisition policy, please do not use our application. You may also restrict the data acquisition the way that is described in our policy.
Privacy policy in regard to PROMT applications for mobile devices
PROMT (hereinafter referred to as PROMT, Company, we), by all means appreciates your confidentiality and provides for its protection.
Hereby we would like you to know how and why we collect and use your personal data.
What personal data do we collect about you?
Any information we use of one piece only and not single out individual  users. Using applications for Android and iOS we collect the following data:
IP addresses,
date and time of       application usage,
version and type of your       device operating system,
manufacturer and model of       your device,
version of our application,
mobile advertising       identifiers such as Apple IDFA and Android advertising identifier,
statistics of usage of       different functions of application. For example, we record data on time       you use and last time used our application, what actions you carried out       in applications.
Additionally for PROMT.One (Online-Translator.com) application
we collect and store texts  and words which you have translated in online-translator.com, as well as  results of translation.
We took organizational and technical measures to de-identify this data  (translated texts, words and translation results) that we save. For example, in  a random way we select a text for machine learning of translation system and  delete any numbers and other personal data found out in the sample. In order to  perform the push notification function in applications for Android, iOS, as  well as macOS we collect the following data:
information on items       bought in application if this functionality has been handled therein,       information on your interaction via our application with other       applications and web sites,
information on your       device (for example, smart phone, tablet), type and version of operating       system, network information, installed browser, network state type (for       example, Wi-Fi), language preferences, time zone,
mobile advertising       identifiers such as Apple IDFA and Android advertising identifier (only       applications for Android and iOS),
fine location,
network information.
This information is needed for implementation of push notification sending  function by service OneSignal (2194 Esperança Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95054)  and transferred to this company. More detailed information on OneSignal Privacy  Policy can be obtained at
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
.
You may:
elect not to receive push       notifications browsing to your device setup section and disable receipt       for one or several applications.
elect not to use mobile       advertising identifiers to view interest-based ads (on Apple in the       section “confidentiality” you have to apply ads limit, on Android in       Google settings you have to select ads and then a function of cancellation       of interest-based ads).
How can we obtain your personal data?
Any personal data about you which we process are provided by you while  using PROMT applications.
How do we use your personal data?
Your data is collected exclusively for the following purposes:
further improvement of       applications (enhancement of functionality and user-friendliness,       detection and error correction in applications) by acquisition of       anonymized statistics on use of different functions of our applications,
provision of ads,       including personalized ones (relevant only to application PROMT.One       (Online-Translator.com)),
improvement of automatic       translation quality and correction of translation errors through       computerized analysis of texts and words which you have translated via PROMT.One       (Online-Translator.com),
provision of push       notifications service,
acquisition of       statistical information to promote our applications. For example, using       mobile identifiers we can find out a source of installation of our       application for iOS and Android.
We never link obtained data with you and use them only in anonymized form  for the above mentioned purposes.
How long will we store your data?
We store your data for a period within which you use our applications. A  maximum data storage period is equal to the period of technical support of our  product (5 years from the time of release of the first version of the relevant  application).
Who do we share your data with?
Your personal data will be accessible to our employees as well as our  authorized suppliers that is:
Google
(we use the service       Google Analytics for collection of statistics and also for ad view in       application PROMT.One (Online-Translator.com)),
YANDEX LLC
(we use the service       Yandex. Metrics for collection of statistics and also for ad view in       application PROMT.One (Online-Translator.com)),
OneSignal
(used for push       notification uploading)
Transmission of your data beyond this country
Your personal data can be transferred to the following countries:
Russia, as applications       are developed in Russia,
The USA, as we use       services of data suppliers located within the US territory (Google.com,  OneSignal,).
Protection of your personal data
We may transfer your personal data to our suppliers in accordance with the  written agreements which lay our suppliers under obligation to provide the  proper guarantees in respect to processing of your personal data including  maintenance of confidentiality and accomplishment of all security measures.
We also take legal, organizational and technical measures to protect your  data in compliance with applicable confidentiality and data security laws.
Your rights
You have a right to:
request information on       processing of your personal data including provision of a copy of your       data,
request correction and/or       deletion of your data or raise an objection against processing of your       personal data,
request restriction of       processing of your personal data, withdraw your consent on which basis       processing was carried out,
request provision of your       personal data in structured, normally used and machine-readable format as       well as request transfer to the other designated person,
lodge complaint with your       local agency for protection of personal data, or take legal action if your       rights to data protection are broken. You can claim compensation for       losses incurred in connection of illegal processing of your personal data.
If you wish to use any of your rights, please inform us using the contact  points below.
Contact us
If you have any questions or requests concerning processing of your  personal data, or you want to receive any additional information, do not  hesitate to contact us:
e-mail
: privacy@promt.com
Specific features of data processing when using  the application PROMT.One (Online-Translator.com)
on a paid subscription basis, and also together with the Service www.online-translator.com
If you use the mobile application PROMT.One (Online-Translator.com), you  may synchronize your favorite translations between the application and the  Service www.online-translator.com In this case we save your favorite  translations over the whole period of your usage of the application. At any  moment you may remove saved translations.
To be able to synchronize favorite translations, please sign up putting  your name (nickname) and e-mail address. This information will be used for  synchronization of your favorite translations between the application and the  Service online-translator.com. If you use the mobile application PROMT.One (Online-Translator.com)  on a paid subscription basis, we will additionally use the data of your  registration to verify validity of your paid license.
请参阅我们的数据获取政策。
如果您不同意我们的数据获取政策，请不要使用我们的应用程序。
您还可以按照我们的政策中描述的方式限制数据获取。
关于移动设备PROMT应用程序的隐私政策
PROMT（以下简称PROMT、公司、我们）会尽一切努力为您保密并提供保护。
特此，我们希望您了解我们如何以及为何收集和使用您的个人数据。
我们收集关于您的哪些个人数据？
任何我们使用的信息都只使用一条，不挑出个别用户。我们使用适用于Android和iOS的应用程序收集以下数据：
IP地址，
应用程序使用的日期和时间，
您的设备操作系统的版本和类型，
您设备的制造商和型号，
我们应用程序的版本，
Apple IDFA和Android广告标识符等移动广告标识符，
应用程序不同功能的使用情况统计。例如，我们会记录您使用和上次使用我们应用程序的时间、您在应用程序中执行的操作等数据。
此外，对于
PROMT.One
（
Online-Translator.com
）
应用程序，
我们收集并存储您在online-translator.com中翻译的文本和单词，以及翻译结果。
我们采取了组织和技术措施来对我们保存的这些数据（翻译文本、单词和翻译结果）进行去标识化处理。例如，我们以随机方式选择一个文本用于翻译系统的机器学习，并删除样本中发现的任何数字和其他个人数据。为了在Android、iOS和macOS应用程序中执行推送通知功能，我们收集了以下数据：
如果在应用程序中处理了此功能，则有关在应用程序中购买的物品的信息，有关您通过我们的应用程序与其他应用程序和网站进行交互的信息，
有关您的设备（例如智能手机、平板电脑）的信息、操作系统的类型和版本、网络信息、安装的浏览器、网络状态类型（例如Wi-Fi）、语言偏好、时区，
移动广告标识符，例如 Apple IDFA 和       Android 广告标识符（仅适用于       Android 和 iOS 的应用程序），
文件位置，
网络信息。
这些信息是OneSignal服务（2194  Esperança Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95054）实现推送通知发送功能所必需的，并已传输至该公司。在
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
可以获得有关OneSignal隐私政策的更多详细信息。
您可以：
选择不接收推送通知浏览到您的设备设置部分并禁用一个或多个应用程序的接收。
选择不使用移动广告标识符来查看基于兴趣的广告（在Apple上，您必须在“保密”部分应用广告限制，在Android上，您必须在Google设置中选择广告，然后取消基于兴趣的功能广告）。
我们如何获取您的个人数据？
我们处理的关于您的任何个人数据都是您在使用PROMT应用程序时提供的。
我们如何使用您的个人数据？
仅出于以下目的收集您的数据：
通过获取有关我们应用程序不同功能使用情况的匿名统计数据，进一步改进应用程序（增强功能和用户友好性、应用程序中的检测和错误纠正），
提供广告，包括个性化广告（仅与PROMT.One       (Online-Translator.com)应用程序相关），
通过对您通过PROMT.One(Online-Translator.com)翻译的文本和单词进行计算机化分析，提高自动翻译质量并纠正翻译错误，
提供推送通知服务，
获取统计信息以推广我们的应用程序。例如，使用移动标识符，我们可以找到iOS和Android应用程序的安装来源。
我们绝不会将获得的数据与您联系起来，并且仅将它们以匿名形式用于上述目的。
我们会将您的数据存储多长时间？
我们会在您使用我们的应用程序期间存储您的数据。  最长数据存储期限等于我们产品的技术支持期限（从相关应用程序的第一个版本发布之日起5年。
我们与谁共享您的数据？
您的个人数据将可供我们的员工以及我们的授权供应商访问，即：
Google
（我们使用Google Analytics服务来收集统计数据以及在PROMT.One       (Online-Translator.com）应用程序中查看广告），
YANDEX LLC
（我们使用Yandex.Metrics服务来收集统计数据，并在PROMT.One       (Online-Translator.com）应用程序中查看广告），
OneSignal
（用于推送通知上传）
将您的数据传输到该国家
/
地区之外
您的个人数据可能会传输到以下国家/地区：
俄罗斯，因为应用程序是在俄罗斯开发的，
美国，因为我们使用位于美国境内的数据供应商的服务（Google.com、OneSignal）。
保护您的个人数据
我们可能会根据书面协议将您的个人数据传输给我们的供应商，这些协议规定我们的供应商有义务就您的个人数据的处理提供适当的保证，包括维护机密性和完成所有安全措施。
我们还根据适用的保密和数据安全法律采取法律、组织和技术措施来保护您的数据。
您的权利
您有权：
请求有关处理您的个人数据的信息，包括提供您的数据副本，
请求更正和/或删除您的数据或对处理您的个人数据提出异议，
请求限制处理您的个人数据，撤回您对处理所依据的同意，
请求以结构化、常用和机器可读的格式提供您的个人数据，并请求传输给其他指定人员，
向您当地的个人数据保护机构提出投诉，或者如果您的数据保护权受到侵犯，则采取法律行动。 对于因非法处理您的个人数据而造成的损失，您可以要求赔偿。
如果您想使用您的任何权利，请通过以下联系方式通知我们。
联系我们
如果您对处理您的个人数据有任何疑问或要求，或者您想收到任何其他信息，请随时联系我们：
电子邮件：
privacy@promt.com
在付费订阅的基础上使用
PROMT.One  (Online-Translator.com
)
应用程序以及与服务
www.online-translator.com
一起使用时数据处理的具体特征
如果您使用PROMT.One  (Online-Translator.com)移动应用程序，您可以在应用程序和服务www.online-translator.com之间同步您最喜欢的翻译。在这种情况下，我们会在您的整个期间保存您最喜欢的翻译  应用程序的使用。您可以随时删除保存的翻译。
为了能够同步最喜欢的翻译，请注册并输入您的姓名（昵称）和电子邮件地址。此信息将用于在应用程序和服务online-translator.com之间同步您喜欢的翻译。如果您在付费订阅的基础上使用PROMT.One  (Online-Translator.com)移动应用程序，我们将另外使用您的注册数据来验证您的付费许可证的有效性。
© PROMT, 2003–2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.