Our website uses cookies
The use of cookies by Eon.tv or by the owners of the third party services used by Eon.tv serves to identify the users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the user.
Required cookies only
Allow all cookies
PRIVACY POLICY OF EON APPLICATION USAGE
FOR EON SERVICES OFFERED BY UNITED GROUP COMPANIES
When registering for the use of EON application the individual agrees with this Privacy Policy:
Personal Data
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
Data controller of the collected personal data are:
Serbia Broadband - Srpske kablovske mreže d.o.o., Bulevar Djindjica 8a, Beograd, Serbia, Telemach širokopasovne komunikacije d.o.o., Cesta Ljubljanske brigade 21, Ljubljana, Telemach d.o.o., Džemala Bijedića 216, Sarajevo, BiH and  Telemach d.o.o., Bulevar Revolucije 50/5, Podgorica, Crna Gora
. Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Email and Password.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared through this Application and declares to have the right to communicate or broadcast them, thus relieving the Data Controller of all responsibility.
Methods of processing of the Data
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies).
Place od processing of the Data
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located.
Retention time of the Data
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Application to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Registration and authentication.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services.
In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes.
The User registers by filling out the requested fields and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Unique device identification
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User is aware of the fact that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).