Crossword Solver iPhone app
Support
If you have any problems with my Crossword Solver app, please email me:
Richard Loxley
crosswordsolver@richardloxley.com
Terms of Service
Some features in the app are activated using a recurring subscription.  All billing for subscriptions is handled by Apple.
	You will be charged at the start of the subscription period, and at recurring intervals, depending on the length of the
	subscription that you have selected.
At the end of each subscription period the subscription will automatically renew unless you cancel it.  You can cancel it
	on the App Store (using your account's subscription page), or using the Settings app (using your account's subscription page)
	or by contacting Apple customer service.  The app may also offer a shortcut to easily access the subscription management
	page on your device.
Subscriptions are non-refundable unless required by law, or at the descretion of Apple customer support.
	Any refund must be requested via Apple customer support as they
	handle all billing.  The app developer has no control over refund requests.
Privacy Policy
I try to treat you well.  I hate spam and invasions of privacy, so I try my best to
	treat others the way I would wish to be treated myself.
This app does not collect any personal data.
Analytics
If you have allowed Apple to collect anonymous usage data and crash reports then Apple may share
	that information with me.
It helps me fix bugs more easily and lets me know if people are using my app (which encourages me to carry on development).
You can opt-in or opt-out of this on your iOS device's Settings app: Privacy & Security > Analytics & Improvements > Share With App Developers.
Adverts
The app shows adverts from Google AdMob (unless you have upgraded the app).
Google AdMob may track your interaction with the adverts
	using your device's Advertising Identifer (IDFA) if you have allowed this in your device's Settings app.
You can change this to opt-in
	or opt-out in Settings > Privacy & Security > Tracking.
Within the EEA, Google Admob may ask for additional consent to track your interaction with the adverts.
	You can change your responses to this in the app using Information > Advertising consent.