Effective Date: February 3, 2020
The following Privacy Policy applies to people:
Playing Spry Fox games that link to this Privacy Policy from iTunes, Google Play, Steam, or any other service that hosts our games;
Using Spry Fox websites;
Subscribing to Spry Fox newsletters; or
Communicating with Spry Fox by email or other means.
This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so,
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
By playing Spry Fox games, using Spry Fox websites, subscribing to Spry Fox newsletters, or communicating with Spry Fox, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not engage in those activities.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, please contact us via an email to support@spryfox.com.
Name of the controller: Spry Fox LLC
Address: Spry Fox LLC, 9805 NE 116th ST NE #7411Kirkland, WA 90834
Email: support@spryfox.com
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide
Some of our games, websites, newsletters, and other means of communication enable you to provide some or all of the following information:
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages within the game (such as chat logs)
Your messages to us about the game (such as logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically:
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
Data about your use of the game or website, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the game
In most cases, we also create a Spry Fox-specific ID for you when you play our games.
Data we collect from our partners:
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the game (such as Facebook, WeChat or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can serve you better
Invite a friend
Spry Fox may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a social networking service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Spry Fox games and/or you can invite them to join you in Spry Fox games. Such contact information will be used for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee.
Communications
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group, or if you subscribe to Spry Fox newsletters or forums. We may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Spry Fox games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive those sorts of email notifications, you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located within communications that have such a link, or by emailing support@spryfox.com.
Push notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service-related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the game work and provide you services
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to:
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our services
Operate the games and services
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you communications
To make the game more suitable for our players
To provide a great game to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the game and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the game
Customize your experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you Spry Fox offers in the game as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To show personalized advertisements
To show you personalized advertisements in the game as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the game and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the game
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
To keep the game safe and fair
Ensuring a level playing field in the game is a top priority for us. In order to keep the game and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Analyze and monitor use of the game and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
With your consent
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from Spry Fox, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users
Social features and/or multiplayer are a core component of some of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Partners working for Spry Fox
Spry Fox has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to Spry Fox’s instructions to support the game, such as hosting, player support, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and social media partners
Some games include features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners is available at http://spryfox.com/legal-stuff/partner-policies/. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
Financial activity
Spry Fox may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
Aggregate or anonymous information
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us, by following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android). Additionally, please visit
http://aboutads.info/appchoices
to learn about and download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice app, AppChoices, which allows you to opt out directly from companies listed in the app.
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, and object to how we use or share your data by emailing support@spryfox.com.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize our websites and games, analyze use, target advertisements, and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts our websites and games may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security safeguards
Spry Fox takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the games in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at support@spryfox.com.
For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet, we recommend that you visit the following sites:
http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm
http://www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents
QUESTIONS? COMMENTS?
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us at support@spryfox.com
Sub-section Policy: 