Privacy Policy
FBF Sistemas built the Glow Drawings app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by FBF Sistemas at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
                    to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the
                    Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                    in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Cookies
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries
                    that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
                    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
                    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
                    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
                    or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                    this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting
                    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                    this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                    us.