Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on August 22, 2023.
ChirpGPS (“ChirpGPS,” “we,” or “us”) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of information that is collected through our mobile app and our website (collectively, our “Service”), as well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Use.
Data collected from your use of the Chirp GPS mobile apps, and websites, is secured on dedicated cloud servers and stored for 365 days from the time of entry. We do not intentionally share any personal, or location data with any third parties for marketing or advertising purposes what so ever. Chirp GPS also does not have any internal or external advertising embedded, and we do not use your information in any other capacity outside the usage of the Service.
All geolocations, latitudes, and longitudes, are sent to Google mapping services for display use only.
1. How We Collect and Use Information
We collect the following types of information about you:
Registration and Profile Information. When you create an account, we may collect your personal information such as your username, first and last name, email address, mobile phone number and a photo, if you chose to have a photo associated with your account. If you want to add a family member’s name to your account, we collect the family member’s name, email address, and mobile phone number. We may also collect billing information when you sign up for Premium service. After you set up your account, we may ask for other profile and demographic information, such as personal emergency instructions and information, and nickname.
While using the Chirp GPS mobile app, or the ChirpGPS.com website we capture analytics about how you interact with the software including taps, swipes, and other activity so we can better understand the usage of our software and continue to make it better in future releases.
Notifications
Chirps GPS utilizes OneSignal's notification platform for sending push alerts to users from within the app. We only use your Chirp app identifier as means to locate which device to send OneSignal notifications to. The notifications may contain pairing requests, friends locations, or other such opted in information.
Geolocation. We collect your unique user identifier and your location through GPS, WiFi, or wireless network triangulation in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing our Service. We collect the location of your designated “Places” to provide alerts when family members arrive and leave. If you turn off location sharing in one or more of your circles, we will not share your location with such circles; however, we will continue to collect your location information in order to provide the Service (for example, to provide our emergency services or to share your location with the other circles you continue to allow to see your location, or to provide advertising). We maintain location information only so long as is reasonable to provide the Service and then delete location data tied to your personal information. We may maintain de-identified location data for a longer period of time in order to analyze aggregate trends and metrics. We do not share any information with third parties for advertising or research. We do use Google Analytics services for internal usage, and analytic purposes only.
Driving Event Data. We collect sensory and motion data from your smartphone or mobile device, including information from the gyroscope, accelerometer, compass and Bluetooth, in order to calculate and detect driving events such as speeding, hard braking, crash detection and other events. We maintain sensory and motion data as long as is reasonable to provide the Service and then delete or anonymize this data. If you want to opt-out of the collection of your sensory and motion, please adjust your settings in your mobile device to limit the app’s access to your sensory and motion data.
Messages and User Content. We collect information when you message other members of your Family through use of the service. We may also retain any messages you send to us.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service and to communicate directly with you, such as to send you alerts on the movements of your Family members, crime alerts in your neighborhood, etc. You can control your receipt of email and text alerts by visiting “Settings” and “Alert Options” within the mobile app. We may also send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, parental consent notification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt-out of Service-related e-mails.
Information we receive about you from others:
Social Media. When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you Like us on Facebook or post a comment to our Facebook page, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to ChirpGPS’s website or Service.
Information we collect automatically through the use of technology. When you visit our website or use our mobile app, we collect certain information about your computer or device through technology such as cookies, web beacons, log files, or other tracking/recording tools. The information we collect through the use of tracking technologies includes, but is not limited to, IP address, browser information, referring/exit pages and URLs, click stream data and information about how you interact with links on the website, mobile app, or Service, domain names, landing pages, page views, cookie data that allows us to uniquely identify your browser and track your browsing behavior on our site, mobile device type, mobile device IDs or other persistent identifiers, and location data collected from your mobile device. Some or all of this data may be combined with other personally identifying information described above. When you access our Service by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID or other identifier), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude), WiFi location or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
We use this information to:
Remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site or mobile app
Provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising
Track your location and movements
Monitor the effectiveness of our Service and our marketing campaigns
Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, users, traffic, and demographic patterns
Diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our Users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses or User IDs, and Automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices.
We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our Users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
2. Sharing of Your Information
Personal Information: We do not share, or
intentionally
permit sharing of your personal information with third parties outside the Company and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates. Your informatyion
When you are paired with someone else using ChirpGPS:
We share your personal information, including name, email, location and driving event data, with others within your ChirpGPS Family and other ChirpGPS nests/circles.
Any information or content that you voluntarily post to the website or to our Facebook page will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app, or link your reviews to third party websites.
We may aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics of our data and may share that anonymized and/or aggregated data with third parties. For example, we may share de-identified location data with third parties that analyze location and movement trends.
Except as described above, we will not disclose personal information to third parties (including law enforcement, other government entity, or civil litigant; excluding our subcontractors) unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if in our sole discretion, we determine it is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of ChirpGPS, our Users or others.
3. How We Protect Your Information
ChirpGPS cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
4. Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit any personal information through the Service, in which case ChirpGPS may not be able to provide its Services to you.
Modifying Your Account Information and Settings: You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information, or change your password at any time by logging in to your account. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, parental consent notification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at support@ChirpGPS.com.
Third Party Tracking and Advertising: We do not share, or permit third party ad networks, social media companies, and other third party services to collect, information about the browsing behavior of our users of Service through cookies, social plug-ins, or other tracking technology. We do not permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our Services over time, including location information, so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or services, or on other devices you may use.
Delete Your Account and Personal Information: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account, please contact us at support@ChirpGPS.com.
5. Children’s Privacy
Our Service allows parents to keep track of their children’s location on mobile devices that the Parent has added to the Family account. The Service is intended to be used by children under 13 only with significant parental involvement and approval. If a Parent wishes to add a User who is under 13 to the Family account, the Parent must first complete the Parental Consent Form and return it via mail, fax or email.
The child will then be able to participate in the ChirpGPS Service as a member of that Family Account. The child’s personal information, including name, user name, email, and location, will be shared with other members of the Family account and the child user will be permitted to contact, and be contacted by, other members of the Family account through the Service. ChirpGPS may collect, use, disclose, and store the child’s personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we do not use or share personal information collected from the accounts of children under 13 for marketing or advertising purposes, or permit our third party partners to collect and use such information for advertising purposes.
The Parent may contact us to review and/or delete any personal information we have collected from the child, or to withdraw permission for ChirpGPS to collect any additional information from the child. Please contact us at support@ChirpGPS.com if you have questions about your child’s account. If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 without parental consent, please contact us at support@ChirpGPS.com.
6. Links to Other Web Sites and Services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
7. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
ChirpGPS may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how ChirpGPS will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification.
8. Your Missouri Privacy Rights
ChirpGPS collects various types of personal information about you both online and offline, as described in this privacy policy. Under Missouri law, ChirpGPS customers who are residents of Missouri may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:
ChirpGPS
1855 S Ingram Mill Rd
Ste 201
Springfield, Mo 65804
Alternatively, you may send us an email at support@ChirpGPS.com with the words “Missouri Privacy Rights” in the subject line.
9. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at support@ChirpGPS.com
Chirp GPS
© 2025 All rights reserved.   |
Privacy Policy
|
Get Support