Services
The OCS Team is not just a service provider; we are true partners.
UI/UX Design
Web Development
Salesforce
iOS Development
Android Development
Cross-platform Development
Wearable App Development
Custom Apps
Quality Assurance
Support & Maintenance
DevOps
Dedicated Developers
Technology
Empower your journey with our cutting-edge technology.
Web
Mobile
Salesforce
DevOps
HTML5
CSS3
Bootstrap
Php
Laravel
Symfony
Javascript
jquery
Angular
React JS
Vue.js
Node.js
Ruby on Rails
WordPress
OpenCart
Prestashop
Shopify
Magento
iOS
Android
Swift
Kotlin
Flutter
React Native
Ionic
Xamarin
Native Script
Sales Cloud
Marketing Cloud
Service Cloud
Commerce Cloud
Financial Services Cloud
Lightning Experience
Amazon Web Services
Google App Engine Services
Windows Azure
CI/CD Automation
portfolio
Explore how we turn ideas into reality...
SPM
UI design / Web development
Gold Million
UI design / Web development
Polished Rx
UI design / Web development
Kiddo
UI design / Web development
Vaithos
UI design / Web development
SG Quickpay
UI design / Web development
More About Our Work
About us
Hire us, because we are too top-notch with technology!
2009
Established
14+
Years of EXPERIENCE
100+
Happy Customers
07+
CountrieS
8+
AWS Certified Professionals
10+
Salesforce Certified Professionals
100+
Skilled professionals
1000+
completed projects
More about us
Testimonial
Client feedback is a game-changer
for our business.
OCS has amazed me with their programming expertise..their quick turn around and affordable reliability has made them a favorite of mine for my custom PHP needs. What I have appreciated most about OCS is their personalized touch
Philip
New Guine
The guys at OCS have always gone above and beyond what I ask them to do. I usually think of a few added things on a project after we have agreed on a price and they always take care of it for me and never charge me extra. Their work has been outstanding and it has been a pleasure working with them
Dennis Fricker
Pennsylvania
O Clock Software is the best team we have ever worked with. They are knowledgeable, professional, they even went extra miles to help us with other stuff. O Clock Software take each project carefully and seriously. And they will devote 100% to the project until it is completed and to your satisfaction
Mivog
Project Manager
It has been great working with this professional team ! For a long time I have been looking for a reliable team to help us with our work. Usually fast work means unfinished work but I am impress by their speed of work with a quality that is better than what we asked for. There is not much to add
Yan
France
We started with just a rough outline of what my firm wanted to achieve. The team at OCS have been amazing in taking my ideas and developing the script needed to achieve that. I find them to not only be extremely skilled but also a firm with high integrity and professionalism. We have been working togethe
Audie DeLoach
USA-SC
O Clock Software has been instrumental in taking care of key client base in the past and we have full confidence in their team in the future. Their professionalism and attention to service and promptness is KEY in the outsourcing biz and they make it happen every time. We will be using them as much as possible
Casey Connors
San Diego, CA.
I have been using the services of OCS for over a year now-and I employ them often. My business has actually been able to expand due to the fast and well-done tech work they do. I have never been disappointed, and rely on them heavily for work that is too technical for me, or for help when I've got too much work to do
Dave Blaker
USA
A+++ Seo and Programming! I have worked with many developers and ocs is by FAR the Best! their communication is a 10/10 and they really cares about the project and will not stop till completed! Sorry i am writing so much but i am excited that i found with them! Will not use anyone else but O Clock Software!
Activeprint
GA
These guys are very good in communication and have a lot of knowledge. I have used lot of many other companies for my sites, but O Clock software is one of the best I ever. I am always happy to work with them forever :)
Hugo de Groot
Netherland
We have used the team at O Clock Software for a variety of projects and they have been instrumental at achieving everything we need. There accurate time frames and cost effective manner is outstanding. Their professionalism, troubleshooting and programming knowledge and attention to detail are remarkabl
Barry Wade
U.K
At first I started working with this team on a few small projects, but have quickly moved them into much larger and more complicated work. I am very happy with the level of communication and also the level of work from their programmers. I will be using O Clock Software for a long time to come
Garfield
USA
This team has been very professional, they understood each of our requests, interpreted them and provided us with exactly what we were looking for. We are very fortunate to have found a team of developers and Project Managers with whom we can trust to give us a good price and get the project done
Sean
USA
O Clock Software is the best team we have ever worked with. They are knowledgeable, professional, they even went extra miles to help us with other stuff. O Clock Software take each project carefully and seriously. And they will devote 100% to the project until it is completed and to your satisfaction.
Akkshay M Nahar
Managing Director Alert Insurance Brokers Pvt. Ltd.
The key success of a e-commerce business is to have the right technology partner. The team at Oclock has been more than a partner than a tech developer for our business. We highly recommend their services to any e-commerce / web development site both established and startups . We wish them all the very best.
Vinit Chordia
Director Easy Deli Logistics Pvt Ltd
It has been great working with this professional team ! For a long time I have been looking for a reliable team to help us with our work. Usually fast work means unfinished work but I am impress by their speed of work with a quality that is better than what we asked for. There is not much to add
G Rama Naidu
Managing Partner
The impact of
our work
on
your business
is immeasurable.
Our developers creativity, professionalism and commitment to excellence make you stand out in the competitive landscape.
Get quote
Reach Us. Let's create
big innovations together.
MAIL US
info@oclocksoftware.com
SKYPE
oclocksoftware
REACH US
+91-44-42089942
+91-44-28279942
Name
Email
Contact No.
Country
Company Name
Message
Submit