Home
News & Press
Contact
Contact
DEDALORD UNIT PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated January 14, 2014
This privacy policy explains how information is collected and utilized by Dedalord S.R.L. via our website here at www.dedalord.com and our mobile and desktop games.
If after reading this you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send an email to info@dedalord.com and we will try to address it.
What is Personal Information?
When Dedalord uses the term personal information in this policy, we are referring to information that specifically identifies an individual (such as an individual's name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), and information about that individual when such information is directly linked to personal information. Personal information does not include aggregate information, which is data we collect about the characteristics and activities of users, from which any personal information has been removed. This privacy policy in no way limits or restricts our collection of aggregate information or of non-personal information.
In General
•	We don't collect or record your email address or personal information, unless you send us an email (in which case your email is stored in our email servers).
•	We don't resell any contact information we have to other companies or to marketers. Ever.
•	From time to time a member of the Dedalord may contact you directly via an email address you provided.  We promise to make such contact infrequent, and meaningful, such as notifying contest winners about their prizes or replying to questions or comments that require a personal response.
In Our Games
•	We automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our games, using a mobile metrics tracker called Flurry. For example, Flurry may track how often you play, how long you play for, and what powerups you've unlocked.  This type of collective data enables us to figure out how players use the games, so we can make improvements to our games over time.  All of this information comes to us as raw data with no personal information attached to it.
•	When you purchase one of our games in an appstore like Google Play, or when you purchase an item in-game like a skully coin pack, you may be asked to enter credit card or other personal information. All such transactions are handled securely through the app store in question, and your credit card information is not ever seen by us.  Some app stores such as Google Play provide us with receipts of each transaction that includes some of your information such as your name, email address, and in some cases your physical address.  Please see the privacy polices of the app store you are using for more information.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by keeping this page updated so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the "Last Updated" date above.