Headspace Privacy Policy
PRIVACY
Privacy Policy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Cookie Policy
渝ICP备2021001788号-3A
Effective:
March 1, 2025
If you are visually impaired, have another disability, or need support in other languages, you may access this Privacy Policy by emailing us at help@headspace.com.
At Headspace, our company values  include putting members first. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in connection with your use of our content and products via our websites, including
www.headspace.com
(“
Websites
”); our applications, including the Headspace mobile app (“
Apps
”); or other delivery methods (Websites, Apps, and other delivery methods are collectively referred to as our “
Products
”). Headspace may deliver coaching services, psychotherapy services (i.e. therapy), and psychiatry services (collectively the “
Services
”) using the Products or via other delivery methods, as applicable. Headspace provides the Services through its affiliated medical providers and partners, including Ginger.io of California Medical P.C. (“
Ginger Medical
”) or third party medical providers (Ginger Medical and these third party medical providers will be collectively referred to as our “
Care Providers
”). Throughout this Privacy Policy, we will collectively refer to all of our Products and Services as our “
Platform
.” This Privacy Policy covers the “
personal information
,” meaning information about an identified or identifiable individual that is collected through our Product or Services.
Depending on how you interact with us, the following may also apply to you:
Our Services are delivered by our Care Providers. For Care Providers in the US, they are classified as covered entities under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Headspace is subject to HIPAA as our Care Providers’ business associate. Our Care Providers may provide you an additional privacy notice during enrollment which we encourage you to review. For example, if you receive Services from Ginger Medical, you can access
their Notice of Privacy Practices here
. If you are outside the US and use our international Care Providers, you may still receive an additional privacy notice from them as relevant to the applicable law in your area.
Some components or features of our Platform may include additional privacy notices, such as an optional feature that uses your personal information in a unique way. Similarly, you may have been given access to our Product or Services in a manner that includes additional terms or privacy notices such as from your employer. The language of those terms and privacy notices supplement this Privacy Policy unless there is a conflict, in which case those additional terms and privacy notices will apply.
You may follow links contained in our Platform or provided to you by other users to third-party websites or products not operated by us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or products. We strongly suggest you review their privacy policies to understand how your personal information is used and stored by those third parties.
Similar to the above point, you may use single sign-on (SSO) features to access our Platform, such as through your social media accounts or through your employer. That use may be subject to your SSO provider’s terms and privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them prior to using those features.
This privacy policy does not apply to Headspace employees or applicants to Headspace. Applicants can learn about how we use their personal information by reading our
Applicant Privacy Notice here
, and employees will be provided further details as part of onboarding.
Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information. We also encourage you to review our
end-user terms and conditions here
.
Table of Contents
This Privacy Policy is provided in a layered format. We provided summaries for each section, but we encourage you to read each section in detail.
1.
Collection of personal information
We may collect your personal information through our Platform, or when
        you otherwise share your information with us. Our collection may require
        your input or can be automatically collected while you engage with us.
2.
Use of personal information
We primarily use your personal information for our Products and Websites
        to function and to deliver you the Services. We also may use your
        personal information for other purposes like communicating to you about
        your interest in our Platform, processing payments, complying with legal
        obligations, or to develop new features or improvements.
3.
Sharing of personal information
We may share your personal information with certain third-party service
        providers to help make our Platform function. We may also share personal
        information as directed by you, to provide you with opportunities we
        think may interest you, or as legally required, such as to comply with a
        court order.
4.
Data security and retention
The security of your personal information is of utmost importance to us.
        We retain your personal information for as long as necessary, and we
        maintain appropriate safeguards to protect it.
5.
Your privacy rights
We want you to have choice in how your personal information is used. We
        provide you rights to request actions regarding your personal
        information including deletion, no matter where you reside. Further
        rights may be provided for your specific jurisdiction, which are
        outlined in Section 10.
6.
Children's Privacy
Our Platform is generally intended for adults, except in limited
        circumstances depending on your offering.
7.
Cookies
When you visit our Websites, we may collect certain information from you
        automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies. You can
        decide what cookies are deployed using the cookies settings on our
        Websites.
8.
Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy to reflect new services, changes in
        our data practices, or to comply with relevant laws.
9.
Contact us
You may contact us for comments, questions, or to exercise your privacy
        rights in various ways including emailing help@headspace.com
10.
Supplemental notices
This section provides additional information specific to certain
        jurisdictions. Please note, that our Platform is operated in the United
        States where your personal information will be primarily processed and
        stored.
1. Collection of personal information
We may collect or process the following personal information about you from what you provide us directly, what we receive from others, and personal information we may automatically collect when you interact with our Platform.
(a) Information you provide to us
Contact information and identifiers.
When you use our Platform, we may ask you to provide certain contact information, including your first and last name and email address. We may also collect your social media identification number if you choose to access the Products via a social media account.
Account Information.
If you decide to set up an account with us, we may ask you to provide certain additional contact information including, for example, your first and last name, e-mail address (personal and/or work), telephone number, mailing address, employer or company name, job title, student identification number, emergency contact information, as well as password and other authentication-related information. For individuals who participate in special subscriptions and features, including group plans, we may collect additional personal information, for example, home address and names and emails of household members.
Health information.
We will collect the information you provide about your health and wellness as you use our Products or engage with the Services. You may provide this information through the Products, such as through survey responses about your current mental or physical health status, setting your health or wellness goals, or in other inputs that relate to your health or wellbeing. You may also provide this type of information through the Services, such as talking with your coach or therapist about your current health needs or during treatment. We understand that this information is very sensitive so we handle it with care, including treating this health information as protected health information under HIPAA where applicable.
Profile and demographic information.
Through your account in our Product, you may have the opportunity to provide additional information about yourself, such as your age, race and ethnicity, sexual orientation, preferred pronouns, gender or gender identity, sex at birth, marital status, and details about your health and medical history.
Payment information.
If you sign up for a paid product or service from us, you may be required to provide your payment card or bank account information. Please note that Headspace does not directly process payment card information, and instead relies upon third-party payment processors to do so on our behalf. Please note that third-party terms may apply to these payment services. Personal information collected for these purposes includes card number, type, expiration date, and billing address, and certain anonymized, limited and/or truncated versions of this information may be provided to Headspace.
Survey information.
We may present you with surveys for Product functionality, to provide you the Services, to provide you with information about our Products and Services that we think may be of interest to you, or for research purposes. These surveys may give you the opportunity to describe certain things about you, your use of the Platform, or feedback on future improvements.
Communication information.
When you send or respond to emails, messages, chats, or other communications from Headspace, we may collect your email address, name, and any other personal information you choose to include in the body content of your communications. In addition, when you interact with certain features of our Products, we may collect the content of those communications.
Support information.
When you submit a support request or otherwise engage with our support team, we collect the information you provide as part of that interaction. We also utilize live chat and/or chatbot technology, which allow you to communicate directly with our automated customer service system and/or customer service representatives via a chat window about our Products and Services. Text entered into this form prior to submission may be collected, retained, and used by Headspace for our business purposes, including by our customer service and other personnel and service providers.
(b) Information from others
In certain circumstances, we may collect personal information about you from others. This may include the following:
If you receive access to Headspace through your employer, health plan, or another party that sponsors your access (your “
Benefit Sponsor
”), we collect your name and email address and other information that your Benefit Sponsor submits to us to facilitate your enrollment in our Products and Services.
We may collect the name, email address, content engagement, and preferences of individuals that our users identify through our sharing and referral features. We use this data for the sole purpose of sharing content and referring individuals to join the Products.
We may collect personal information from parents or guardians for operating accounts for their dependants aged 13-17 where supported.
If you choose to have your account verified to confirm your eligibility for a select subscription offering, we may allow a third party platform to access the specific personal information you provide in order to perform the verification. Any failure to provide sufficient information or any response Headspace considers abnormal may result in Headspace refusing (or being unable) to verify your eligibility.
(c) Information we automatically collect
Our Products and Websites may collect information from you automatically during your use which may include:
Browser and device data
, such as IP address, device identifier, device type, operating system and Internet browser type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, plug-ins, add-ons, and the language version of the Websites and Products you are visiting.
Usage data
, such as time spent on the Products and Websites including pages visited, links clicked, approximate location, language preferences, performance of features, patterns of use, and the pages that led or referred you to our Products and Websites.
(d) Aggregated, anonymous, and de-identified data
We may create or collect aggregated, anonymous, or de-identified data from personal information by removing, masking, or otherwise altering data components that make the data personally identifiable, or potentially personally identifiable to you (“
De-Identified Data
”). We will maintain De-Identified Data in its deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify it except when testing our de-identification practices. De-Identified Data is not personal information and is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
2. Use of personal information
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To provide our Platform, including the delivery of content and interactive features;
To communicate with you regarding our Platform including updates or changes;
To provide you support, answer your questions or requests for information, or handle your complaints;
To process payment, manage your orders, and account for applicable sales taxes;
To inform your Benefit Sponsor, if you have one, about your registration and other information as described in Section 3 below;
To fulfill our obligations under any agreements that we may have with you;
To maintain and improve the quality of our Platform, including to perform research and development, understand user trends;
To power machine learning algorithms that support our Platform;
To provide you with information about new Products and Services, promotions, and other opportunities that we believe may be of interest to you, whether offered by us or third-party partners, and to personalize, measure, and improve such offers;
To personalize the advertisements you receive about our Platform through third-party platforms, on other websites and apps;
To protect ourselves, you and others such as by taking actions to prevent fraud and other unlawful or unauthorized activity, and creating and maintaining a trusted, secure, and reliable online environment; and
To comply with our legal obligations including meeting regulatory compliance obligations, responding to subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes; and
to establish or exercise our legal rights or defense against legal claims.
AI Features
. We use artificial intelligence (AI) which means a machine-based system that is designed to operate on varying levels of autonomy to infer from the input it receives to generate outputs that can influence physical or virtual environments. Much of our AI use is behind the scenes, such as in our security monitoring of our infrastructure, our content recommendation system, and for quality assurance. In other instances, we may develop features in our Products where you interact with AI directly (“AI Feature”), such as when you reflect with Ebb. Before you use or activate an AI Feature, we will let you know that you will be interacting with AI and give you the choice of whether to do so. To learn more about our approach to using AI, go
here
.
3. Sharing of personal information
We may disclose your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Our service providers.
In some circumstances we may need to disclose your personal information to a third party so that they can provide a service on our behalf, such as to help deliver Products or Services that you have requested. These service providers may include services such as analytics, payment processing, advertising and marketing, website hosting, customer and technical support, and other services. Our service providers have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, based on our instructions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information, and to not disclose or use your personal information for any other purpose inconsistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
Your integrations.
You may connect your account through supported integrations with third parties and we will share your personal information with those third parties. If you do connect an integration, that third party’s terms and privacy policy may apply to the personal information shared as a result and we encourage you to review those before setting up the integration. For example, if you are on iOS, you may connect our Products to Apple’s Health Kit. If you do, iOS Privacy Policy and Terms of Use apply, and can be reviewed at www.apple.com/legal/privacy.
Community Activity.
If you engage with other Platform users using our community features, we will share some information about you such as your name associated with your comment on a forum or other information you choose to share with other users.
Your Benefit Sponsor.
In limited cases, we may provide certain personal information to your Benefit Sponsor, including your name, email address, your registration date, and the date on which you last used our Platform. Generally, we restrict this sharing to not include specific details of your in-app activity or any details about your use of Services, like therapy. This restriction may not apply where sharing some of your activity is necessary for your treatment, payment, or healthcare operations such as if your Benefit Sponsor is your other healthcare provider, health insurance provider, or health plan.
Third party business partners.
In limited cases, we may provide certain personal information to third party businesses with which we have a joint promotional relationship, bundled subscription offer, or other trusted partnership. This type of sharing will most often be consistent with your notice, consent, direction, and/or reasonable expectations in light of the circumstances in which you provided the personal information.
Third party advertising platforms.
We work with third party platforms who provide us with analytics and advertising services. This includes helping us understand how users interact with our Platform serving advertisements on our behalf to those who may be interested, and measuring the performance of those advertisements.
Compliance and harm prevention.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceeding, similar legal process, or in order to enforce our agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Headspace, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may also disclose personal information where we believe that doing so would be in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
Affiliates and business transfer.
We may share your personal information with any member of our business group, which includes our subsidiaries and our affiliates including Ginger Medical and its medical professional corporation affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If Headspace, including any of our subsidiaries, brands, or affiliates, is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset sale, or other corporate combination, your personal information may be transferred to the acquiring or surviving entity. If such transfer results in a material change to the use of your personal information, we will provide notice before your personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
4. Data security and retention
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards, practices, and procedures to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative and physical safeguards to help protect the security of your personal information against unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or misuse.
No security can be fully guaranteed, though. If you have an account with us and you suspect unauthorized use of your account or its credentials, you should contact us immediately using the contact information in Section 9 below or contact our security team directly at
security@headspace.com
.
We will keep your personal information for as long as needed to perform our obligations to you, or for as long as legally permitted. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations). For example, we keep your account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account exists so that you may access it.
5. Your privacy rights
We believe that you should have control of your personal information. To that end we provide the following rights to make requests regarding your personal information. You may make these requests by contacting
help@headspace.com
or in some cases using features within the Platform:
Access.
You have the right to know what personal information we collect about you and how we use it. This Privacy Policy serves to inform you about that collection and use. If we have personal information about you, you may also request a copy of that information.
Correction.
You have the right to request the correction of your inaccurate personal information.
Portability.
You may request an export of your personal information in a structured and machine readable format such as a .csv or .pdf. Where feasible, we can send that export to a third party you identify.
Deletion.
You have the right to request, under certain circumstances, the deletion of your personal information that we collect.
Restriction.
You have the right to request that Headspace restrict the use of your personal information in certain circumstances. Please note that in some cases we may not be able to place a restriction due to the use being necessary for Product functionality or delivery of the Services.
No retaliation or discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory or retaliatory treatment for making a request.
Upon receiving your request, we may ask for additional information from you in order to verify the request or confirm how you would like to proceed. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable request without undue delay. If we require an extended amount of time, we will inform you using the email associated with your account or the email you used to make the request.
We do not charge a fee to process your verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or clearly unfounded. If we determine that your request requires a fee, we will tell you why and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Your rights are not absolute, and exceptions may apply. These exceptions can arise from different factors including our legal obligations, the rights of others, your or another’s safety, and our ability to bring or defend against legal claims. Additionally, we will not fulfill your request if you do not provide sufficient information to verify your identity or to verify that a third party making the request is authorized to act as your representative.
Some US jurisdictions provide residents with certain rights with respect to their personal information as defined under applicable law. These rights are subject to the specific laws of that jurisdiction and that certain other rights might apply. Please review our Supplemental Notices, including our
Privacy Notice for EU and UK
, our
Privacy Notice for California
, and our
Privacy Notice for Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, and Nevada
for more information on rights and terms specific to your location or place of residence.
6. Children’s privacy
At Headspace, we are committed to protecting and respecting children’s privacy. Our Platform is generally intended for individuals at least 18 years old and we do not intentionally collect personal information from individuals under 18 years old. There are limited exceptions:
If you are in the US and participate in our Headspace for Teens offering or through certain Benefit Sponsors’ offerings, you may register an account as long as you are at least 13 years old.
If you are a US user 13 to 17 years old who may have joined as noted above, you may enroll in the Services with verifiable parent or guardian consent.
If you are a parent under our employee assistance program (EAP), you may refer your child of at least 6 years old to our Care Providers for in-person care but cannot create an app for them.
You also may notice some content in our Products that appears geared towards children. This content is only meant for you to share with your child under your supervision, and does not require or allow your child to create an app account.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with their personal information without parental consent, please contact us at help@headspace.com and we will take steps to remove that personal information from our servers.
7. Cookies
When you visit our Websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies including cookies provided by third parties. We use cookies and the information they collect for a variety of purposes including functionality, analyzing performance, security, personalizing Website content, and advertising. We will get your consent in order to use such trackers or provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of cookies, to the extent required by applicable law. You may use an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC), to opt-out of the sale/sharing of your personal information. For more information on the types of cookies we use and your choices regarding them,
please review our Cookie Policy
.
8. Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date posted at the top. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect Platform changes, make corrections, improve clarity, reflect changes in our privacy practices, or as required by applicable laws. When we may make a significant change, such as on how we use your personal information or your rights, we will notify you within the Platform or through another channel such as the email you supplied during account registration, in addition to posting the revised version on our Website. We encourage you to periodically check this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we handle your personal information.
9. Contact us
We want to hear from you if you have questions, concerns, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy. You can reach us by emailing
help@headspace.com
or calling 855.432.3822.
10.  Supplemental notices
Depending on your jurisdiction, you have additional rights that apply to you under your jurisdiction's privacy laws. We provide the supplemental information in this section in our efforts to comply with those additional privacy laws and inform you about your rights. If you do not see your jurisdiction below please do not interpret that to mean that we do not respect your privacy and we encourage you to still contact us using the contact details above with your questions or concerns. Please note that Headspace is a US based company and your personal information will be stored within the US.
(a) Privacy Notice for EU and the UK
Data Transfers.
This section is for individuals in the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland. Headspace operates as a data controller under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for the majority of the personal information detailed in section 1 and as a data processor for the limited personal information we may receive from your Benefit Sponsor.
Headspace complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Headspace has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Headspace has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The following entities are included under Headspace’s DPF certification and adhere to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, its UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles:
Headspace, Inc.
Ginger.io, Inc.
Ginger.io of California Medical P.C.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our personal information collection, use, and sharing practices as described in this Privacy Policy you may reach us using emailing help@headspace.com. We will investigate the matter and resolve any issues, if we can. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, its UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Headspace commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, its UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution/American Arbitration Association (ICDR/AAA), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the ICDR/AAA are provided at no cost to you.
In the event that we are unable to resolve your issues through the above channels, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration, under certain conditions and as permitted by the EU-U.S. DPF, its UK Extension, or the Swiss-U.S. DPF. For more information, visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
. Headspace is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Headspace is mindful of its responsibility and potential liability for onward transfers of personal data to third parties where Headspace deems such transfers necessary and those transfers are subject to the applicable EU-U.S. DPF, its UK Extension, or the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Legal basis.
Headspace relies on one or more legal bases to process your personal information under applicable law, including:
(i) with your consent, which you may withdraw at any time;
(ii) when the processing is necessary to perform our contractual obligations to you, like under our Terms;
(iii) when necessary to pursue our legitimate interests as further detailed below;
(iv) when necessary for our compliance with our legal obligations such as a request or order from courts, law enforcement or other government authorities.
Legitimate business interests.
We may collect, process, and maintain personal information to pursue the legitimate business interests outlined below. To determine these legitimate interests, we balance our legitimate interests against the legitimate interests and rights of you and others, and only process personal information in accordance with those interests where they are not overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Our legitimate interests generally include:
Providing you with our Platform
, including functionality of features or Websites you interact with or so that we can provide you the Services.
Providing you with customer service and support
, including to send you messages and provide user support, and to facilitate other communications that you request or are required to render our Products and Services to you. This may include providing you with information about new products and other opportunities we offer that we believe may be of interest to you based upon your interactions with us, and to personalize, measure, and improve such offers.
Maintaining and improving the quality of the Products and Services
that we offer, including to customize our features to better fit your needs as a user, develop new sites and products, to perform internal analytics for new and existing products (such as our user accounts and related features) and to conduct research and development. This also includes sharing personal information with our trusted service providers that provide services on our behalf.
Protecting you and others, as well as, to create and maintain a trusted environment
, such as to ensure compliance our agreements with you and other third parties, to ensure safe, secure, and reliable sites and products, and to detect and prevent wrongdoing and crime, assure compliance with our policies, and protect and defend our rights, interests, and property.
To provide, personalize, measure and improve our marketing
, including to send you promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you with your consent. We may also use personal information to understand our user base and the effectiveness of our marketing. This processing is done pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer products or services that may be of interest to you.
For risk management purposes
, including compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations and for fraud detection, prevention and investigation, including “know your customer,” anti-money laundering, conflict and other necessary onboarding and ongoing client checks, due diligence and verification requirements, credit checks, credit risk analysis, compliance with sanctions procedures or rules, and tax reporting.
Complying with laws and regulations applicable to us
, including any legal or regulatory guidance, codes, or opinions and to other legal process and law enforcement requirements, including any internal policy based on or reflecting legal or regulatory guidance, codes, or opinions. We may also respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, and establish and exercise our legal rights or defenses against legal claims.
Privacy rights.
Individuals in the EU and UK have privacy rights under the GDPR and the UK equivalent. We will work to respond to your verified request within a month’s time unless we request an extension. Section 5 above generally covers these privacy rights but EU and UK residents also have the following:
Right to object to processing - You may have the right to request that Headspace restrict the use of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right not to be subject to automated decision making - You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing. Please know that we do not currently make decisions about you in this manner.
Right to lodge a complaint - You may also have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the appropriate supervisory authority.  If you are in the EU, you can view the contact information for your
data protection authority here
. If you are in the UK,
please visit this page
. We ask that you contact us first to see if we can resolve your issue.
Exceptions may still apply as described in Section 5.
Representatives:
Individuals and the data protection supervisory authorities in the EU/EEA and individuals and the data protection supervisory authority (“ICO”) in the UK may also contact our data protection representatives according to Article 27 GDPR:
EU: DP-Dock GmbH, Attn.: Headspace, Inc., Ballindamm 39, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK: DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd., Attn.: Headspace, Inc., 16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
www.dp-dock.com
headspace@gdpr-rep.com
Our data protection officer can be reached at privacy@headspace.com.
(b) Privacy Notice for California
We include this section for residents of California in order to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, and its amendment, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (together, the “
CCPA
”). This section is intended to comply with the CCPA by supplementing the information provided elsewhere in the Privacy Policy.
Categories of personal information.
The CCPA includes categories of personal information that businesses like us are required to identify to you which of them we have collected from you. To comply with those requirements, we have provided the table below disclosing the categories of personal information we have collected through our Platform within the last twelve (12) months.
Headspace is not a data broker and does not sell your personal information to third parties for payment. However, as with many online companies, Headspace partners with third parties to manage our advertising on other platforms. For that purpose, we may disclose limited personal information to third parties for our cross-context behavioral and targeted advertising purposes and this activity may fall under broader concepts of “selling” and/or “sharing” under the CCPA. We have noted in the table below what categories we have “sold” and/or “shared” in the last twelve (12) months.
Please review the section below the table about your privacy rights for more information on how to opt-out of this activity
.
CATEGORY
COLLECTED
“SOLD” / “SHARED”
A. Identifiers.
Name, alias, mailing address, unique personal identifier, online
          identifier, IP address, email (personal and/or work), account name,
          telephone number, password, account credentials, National Provider
          Identifier (NPI), driver’s license / government ID number (if provided
          for identity verification), or other similar identifiers
Yes
Yes
email, online identifier, personal unique identifier, IP
          address
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
          Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Name, signature, mailing address, telephone number, driver’s license
          / government ID number (if provided for identity verification),
          payment card number, employment, employment history, bank account
          information, medical information, and health insurance
          information
Yes
Yes
email
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or
          federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin,
          citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition,
          physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity,
          gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical
          conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status
Yes
No
D. Commercial information.
Payment history, balances, Products or Services purchased or
          considered
Yes
Yes
Products or Services purchased or considered
E. Biometric information.
Sleep, health, or exercise data
Yes
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on how you interact
          with our website
Yes
Yes
Browsing history, information on how you interact with our
          website
G. Geolocation data.
Approximate location based on information like IP address
Yes
No
H. Sensory data.
Audio recordings, voicemails, photographs
Yes
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Employer, job title or role, work contact information
Yes
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational
          Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part
          99)).
Student identification number
Yes
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics,
          psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
          intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Yes
No
L. Sensitive personal information.
Password, health information, payment information, racial and/or
          ethnic origin, information concerning your sexual orientation, and
          gender identity
Yes
No
Please note that because of the overlapping nature of certain categories identified above, some of the personal information we collect may be reasonably classified under multiple categories. Please also note that some of this personal information, especially in regards to the Products and Services, may be covered by federal laws like HIPAA.
Use of personal information.
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To provide our Platform, including the delivery of content and interactive features;
To communicate with you regarding our Platform including updates or changes;
To provide you support, answer your questions or requests for information, or handle your complaints;
To process payment, manage your orders, and account for applicable sales taxes;
To inform your Benefit Sponsor, if you have one, about your registration and other information as described in Section 3 below;
To fulfill our obligations under any agreements that we may have with you;
To maintain and improve the quality of our Platform, including to perform research and development, understand user trends;
To provide you with information about new Products and Services, promotions, and other opportunities that we believe may be of interest to you, whether offered by us or third-party partners, and to personalize, measure, and improve such offers;
To personalize the advertisements you receive about our Platform through third-party platforms, on other websites and apps;
To protect ourselves, you and others such as by taking actions to prevent fraud and other unlawful or unauthorized activity, and creating and maintaining a trusted, secure, and reliable online environment; and
To comply with our legal obligations including meeting regulatory compliance obligations, responding to subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes; and
To establish or exercise our legal rights or defense against legal claims.
Use of sensitive personal information.
We use sensitive personal information for the same purposes listed above except for personalizing ads.
Retention.
We will keep your personal information for as long as needed to perform our obligations to you, or for as long as legally permitted. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations). For example, we keep your account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account exists so that you may access it.
Your California privacy rights.
The CCPA provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information and sensitive personal information. These disclosures are provided in Sections 1-3 and the chart in Section 10(b) above. If you are a California resident, you have the following rights under California law in relation to your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. We will respond to your verifiable request within 45 days.
Right to know and access. You have the right to know what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell and/or share, as those terms are defined under applicable law. You may ask us to provide you a portable copy of this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period.
Right to delete. You have the right to request under certain circumstances that we, as well as our service providers and contractors, delete the personal information that we collect about you.
Right to correct inaccurate personal information. You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information.
Right to non-discrimination. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
Right to opt out of sale and/or sharing. You have the right to opt-out of the sale and/or sharing of your personal information by a business.  Please see our Notice of Right to Opt-Out below for more information.
Right to limit use and disclosure. You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to only the uses necessary for us to provide goods or services to you. We will not use or disclose your sensitive personal information after you have exercised your right unless you subsequently provide consent for the use of your sensitive personal information for additional purposes.
Sharing with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. Headspace does not disclose personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. However, California residents additionally have the right to request information regarding such practices under California’s “Shine the Light” law. If you are a California resident and would like to inquire further, please email help@headspace.com.
Notice of right to Opt-Out.
As mentioned above, if you are a resident of California, Headspace “sells” and “shares” personal information under the CCPA’s broader definition of “sale” or “share.” California law provides you a right to opt-out of such “sales” and “shares.”. You may exercise this right
Sharing Settings
and, if you are an Apps user, by going to
the My Data page here
or within your mobile app settings. The opt-out link is also available our Website’s pages by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices
link.
(c) Privacy Notice for other US states
We include this section for residents of other US states with privacy laws that may impact them. These privacy laws include the Virginia Consumer Data Privacy Act (“
VCDPA
”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“
CTDPA
”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), and the Nevada Privacy Law (“
NPL
”), the Rhode Island Data Transparency and Privacy Protection Act (“
RIDTPA
”), the Minnesota Consumer Data Privacy Act (“
MCDPA
”), and the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“
OCPA
”). This section is intended to comply with these laws by supplementing the information provided elsewhere in the Privacy Policy.
Collection of personal information.
Headspace may collect the personal information described in Section 1 and as categorized in the table within Section 10(b) above. Please note that some of this personal information will be considered sensitive under your state’s legal definition which can vary across different states. The personal information we may collect depending on how you use our Platform includes mental or physical health information, racial or ethnic origin, and information about sexual orientation or gender identity.
Use of personal information.
Headspace may collect, use, or disclose personal information about US state residents for purposes listed in Section 2 of our Privacy Policy. We use sensitive personal information for the same purposes except for personalizing ads.
Disclosure of personal information.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of service providers and third parties identified in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy, and in ways that are described in that section.
Your privacy rights.
We generally provide the privacy rights described in Section 5 above to you regardless of your location. Your state may afford you additional privacy rights as noted below. To exercise your right, see the contact information in Section 9 or follow the instructions below for specific state rights. We will respond to your verifiable request within the time limit afforded under applicable law. Exceptions may still apply as described in Section 5.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, Utah, Minnesota, Rhode Island, and Oregon have the right to opt out of targeted advertising and sales. If you are a resident of these states, you may opt out by
Sharing Settings
and, if you are an Apps user, by going to
the My Data page here
or within your mobile app settings.
For users in Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, Utah, Minnesota, Rhode Island, and Oregon have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. While you may still make this request, Headspace does not currently use profiling in this manner.
Nevada provides its residents a limited right to opt out of the sale of personal information. Please know that we do not trigger this requirement because we do not sell your personal information for payment.
Residents in Minnesota and Oregon may obtain a list of the specific third parties to whom we may disclose your personal information. General information about these third parties is available in Section 3. You can make this request using the contact information in Section 9.
The RIDTPA entitles Rhode Island residents to know the third parties to which we sell or may sell their personal information. Headspace does not sell personal information for payment but, like with the CCPA in Section 10b, a “sale” under the RIDTPA can include sharing personal information for targeted advertising. Under that definition, we have shared personal information, which may include yours, to the third parties listed
here
.
Stay in the loop
Be the first to get updates on our latest content, special offers, and new features.
By signing up, you’re agreeing to receive marketing emails from Headspace.
You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details, check out our
Privacy Policy.
Email address
Subscribe
© 2025 Headspace Inc.
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Consumer Health Data
Sharing Settings
CA Privacy Notice
English
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Português
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.headspace.com/consumer-health-data:
In this article
Collection of Consumer Health Data
Sources of Consumer Health Data
Purpose and Intended Use of Your Consumer Health Data
Sharing of Consumer Health Data
Your Privacy Rights
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
PRIVACY
Privacy Policy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Cookie Policy
Last updated:
March 31, 2024
If you are visually impaired, have another disability, or seek support in other languages, you may access this Privacy Policy by emailing us at
help@headspace.com
.
This privacy policy supplements the Headspace Privacy Policy (
https://www.headspace.com/privacy-policy
) and applies to personal information that falls within the definition of “consumer health data” under applicable laws including Washington’s My Health My Data Act, Connecticut’s Data Privacy Act, and Nevada’s SB 370. We encourage you to review the Headspace Privacy Policy to learn more about our privacy practices and our commitments to you. Capitalized terms used below have the same definitions as in the Headspace Privacy Policy unless otherwise noted.
This privacy policy does not apply to third-party websites or products. We strongly suggest you review their privacy policies to understand how your personal information is used and stored by those third parties.
1. Collection of Consumer Health Data
Section 1 of the Headspace Privacy Policy describes that we collect health information about you depending on how you engage with our Platform. This health information can fall under the following specific categories of consumer health data:
individual health conditions, treatment, diseases, or diagnosis;
social, psychological, behavioral, and medical interventions;
health-related surgeries or procedures;
use or purchase of prescribed medication;
bodily functions, vital signs, symptoms, or measurements of health information;
diagnoses or diagnostic testing, treatment, or medication;
gender-affirming care information;
reproductive or sexual health information;
biometric data;
data that identifies you seeking health care services; or
any inferences of the above categories of health data derived or extrapolated from non-health information.
2. Sources of Consumer Health Data
We may collect consumer health data in the following ways:
directly from you such as when you fill out an assessment in our mobile app;
your mobile device and web browser when accessing our Websites and Products such as when you view content that could indicate your health condition;
your parent or guardian if you are under 18 and required your parent or guardian’s permission;
your other third-party apps or other third-party services with which you have integrated or linked your Headspace account; and
your other health or wellness providers.
3. Purpose and Intended Use of Your Consumer Health Data
We may use your consumer health data in the following ways:
to provide to you our Platform;
to communicate with you regarding our Platform including updates, new features, promotions, or changes;
to provide you support when responding to your questions, concerns, complaints, or other requests;
to process your payments for your subscription or other purchases;
to fulfill our obligations under any agreements that we may have with you;
to maintain and improve the quality of our Platform, including analytics for product development;
to protect ourselves, you, and others such as by taking actions to prevent, detect, or respond to fraud, security incidents, harassment, or other malicious or illegal activity;
to create and maintain a trusted, secure, and reliable online environment;
to comply with our compliance and other legal obligations;
to establish or exercise our legal rights or defense against legal claims; and
with your consent where requested and received.
4. Sharing of Consumer Health Data
We may share your consumer health data with third parties to achieve the purposes and uses listed above when reasonably necessary to complete a transaction or provide to you our Platform. The categories of third parties we share your consumer health data with are:
Service providers.
We have third parties that provide services on our behalf that make up parts of our Platform. For example, we use third parties to host the infrastructure for our Products that includes storing your consumer health data.
Your integrations.
You may choose to connect your Headspace account through supported integrations with third parties and we will share your consumer health data in order to provide that functionality if you so choose.
Other users.
If you engage with other Platform users or other individuals, we may share your consumer health data as directed by you such as when you use our community features to post on a comment board.
Business partners.
In limited cases, we may share consumer health data with other businesses with which we have a joint promotional relationship, bundled subscription offer, or other service offering that is jointly operated.
Payment processors.
When you purchase something from us, we may share your consumer health data as necessary for that transaction such as your credit card provider.
Affiliates.
We have affiliated companies and subsidiaries with which we share data to enable our Platform and related business operations. For example, if you engage with Headspace Care, we will share data with our Care Providers including Ginger.io of California Medical P.C. Our other affiliates are Headspace, Inc., Ginger.io, Inc., and Headspace Meditation Limited.
Government agencies.
When we receive a lawful request from a government agency, including law enforcement, we may disclose your consumer health data if necessary to comply with that request.
Business transfer.
If Headspace, including any of our subsidiaries, brands, or affiliates, is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset sale, or other corporate combination, your consumer health data may be transferred to the acquiring or surviving entity.
Other third parties.
We may share your consumer health data with other third parties with your consent or, if necessary, we may share your consumer health data in certain circumstances to protect our rights, our customers, or your safety.
5. Your Privacy Rights
As provided for in section 5 of the Headspace Privacy Policy, you may make requests about your personal information. Applicable privacy laws provide you certain specific rights with respect to your consumer health data law subject to exceptions.
Nevada and Washington residents have the following rights in relation to their consumer health data, subject to certain exceptions:
The right to know
what categories of consumer health data we collect, share, or sell.  You also have the right to obtain a list of all third parties and affiliates with whom we have shared or sold your Consumer Health Data, and an active email address or other mechanism that you may use to contact these third parties. If you are a Washington resident or otherwise subject to Washington law, you also have the right to access your Consumer Health Data that we collect, share, or sell.
The right to have us, as well as our affiliates, service providers, and contractors, delete
the consumer health data we have about you.
The right to withdraw consent
related to your consumer health data where we rely upon consent to collect, use, or share your consumer health data.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
Connecticut residents have the following rights in relation to your Consumer Health Data, subject to certain exceptions:
The right to know
what consumer health data we collect, use, disclose, and/or sell or share as those terms are defined under applicable law. You may ask us to provide you a portable copy of this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period.
The right to have us, as well as our affiliates, service providers, and contractors, delete
the consumer health data we have about you.
The right to opt-out
of targeted advertising, the sale of your consumer health data, and profiling decisions that could produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer.
The right to have us correct inaccurate
consumer health data.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
Rights concerning sensitive personal data.
We cannot process your consumer health data, or use your consumer health data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent.
You may exercise your rights by contacting
help@headspace.com
with your request. As further stated in the Headspace Privacy Policy, your request may be denied where an exception applies, including but not limited to, where we are legally required to maintain your consumer health data or if we are unable to authenticate the request using commercially reasonable efforts.
We will respond to your request within forty-five (45) days after receipt and we reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional forty-five (45) days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first forty-five (45) days. As described below, in some jurisdictions, an authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your rights on your behalf.
How to appeal decisions about your rights.
Connecticut. If you are a Connecticut resident and your request is denied, you may appeal our decision and we will provide the steps to appeal as part of responding to your request. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken, including an explanation of our reasons in reaching the decision. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint with the Connecticut Attorney general at
https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/
.
Nevada. If you are a Nevada resident and your request is denied, you may appeal our decision and we will provide the steps to appeal as part of responding to your request. Within forty-five (45) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken, including an explanation of our reasons in reaching the decision.  If your appeal is not successful, you may submit a complaint with the Nevada Attorney General at
https://ag.nv.gov/Complaints/File_Complaint/
.
Washington. If you are a Washington resident or located in Washington and your request is denied, you may appeal our decision and we will provide the steps to appeal as part of responding to your request. Within forty-five (45) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken, including an explanation of our reasons in reaching the decision. If your appeal is not successful, you may submit a complaint with the Washington State Attorney General at
https://www.atg.wa.gov/file-complaint
.
Stay in the loop
Be the first to get updates on our latest content, special offers, and new features.
By signing up, you’re agreeing to receive marketing emails from Headspace.
You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details, check out our
Privacy Policy.
Email address
Subscribe
© 2025 Headspace Inc.
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Consumer Health Data
Sharing Settings
CA Privacy Notice
English
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Português
We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your website use. We use this information to improve and personalize your website experience. Some of this information is needed to make our site function. If you click “I Agree,” we may also use this information to personalize ads. To manage your sharing preferences and opt-out rights, click “Sharing Settings.” For more information, please see:
Learn more
I Agree
Sharing Settings
Privacy Preference Center
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories below to learn more about their purpose. You may choose which types of cookies to allow and can change your preferences at any time. Remember that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. You can learn more about how we use cookies by visiting our Cookie Policy.
Learn more
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies track information about website visits so we can make improvements and report our performance. For example, we analyze visitor and user behavior to provide more relevant content or suggest certain activities. These cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, which site the user came from, the number of each user’s visits, and how long a user stays on the website. We might also use analytics cookies to test new ads, pages, or features to see how users react to them.
Functionality or Preference Cookies
During your visit to the website, these cookies are used to remember information you have entered or choices you make such as your username, language, or region. They also store your preferences when personalizing the website to optimize your use of Headspace, for example, your preferred language. These preferences are remembered through the use of the persistent cookies, and the next time you visit the website you won’t have to set them again.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These third-party cookies are placed by third-party advertising platforms or networks in order to deliver ads and track ad performance, enabling advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities (this is sometimes called behavioral, tracking, or targeted advertising) on the website. They may subsequently use information about your visit to show you ads that you may be interested on our website and other websites. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the website.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.headspace.com/notice-of-privacy-practices:
Table of Contents
OUR RESPONSIBILITY
HOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
INFORMATION BREACH NOTIFICATION
QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
CONTACT INFORMATION
Notice of Privacy Practices
PRIVACY
Privacy Policy
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
Cookie Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE:
January 1, 2024
This Notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Ginger.io of California Medical P.C. and its affiliated medical professional corporations form an Affiliated Covered Entity (hereafter referred to as “
Ginger Medical ACE
”, “
we
”, “
us
,” and “
our
”). Ginger Medical ACE and the members of its workforce are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information and health information. Ginger Medical ACE provides telehealth mental health services including coaching, therapy, and psychiatry (the “
Services
”). For a full list of the entities making up the Ginger Medical ACE, please contact our privacy office using the contact information at the end of this Notice.
Ginger Medical ACE is affiliated with Headspace, Inc. and its affiliates (“
Headspace
”), where Headspace provides management and administrative services to Ginger Medical ACE and functions as its Business Associate.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY
Ginger Medical ACE is required by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) to keep your health information ("
Protected Health Information
" or “
PHI
”) confidential. This Notice describes the ways in which we may use and disclose PHI about you and describes your rights and our obligations regarding the use and disclosure of that information.
HOW WE MAY USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
Your Protected Health Information may be used and disclosed for treatment, payment, healthcare operations and other purposes permitted or required by law. Ginger Medical ACE may use and disclose your Protected Health Information for the following purposes:
TREATMENT
We may use or disclose your PHI to provide coaching, telehealth,  therapy, and psychiatry services as part of our product and service offerings. We may also disclose PHI to doctors, therapists, or other healthcare providers who are involved in taking care of you and your health.
PAYMENT
We may use and disclose PHI about you so that the health services you receive may be billed to and payment may be collected from you, an insurance company, or a third party.
HEALTHCARE OPERATIONS
We may use and disclose PHI about you for activities necessary to support, operate, and improve our products and services. For example, we may use your PHI to monitor and/or improve the quality of our services, respond to patient inquiries, and review the competence and qualifications of our providers and coaches. We may de-­identify your Protected Health Information to remove personal information that identifies you (for example your name and address) in order to develop new products and/or services, or to work with others who assist us in the development of such products and/or services, which we can use to better serve you.
BUSINESS ASSOCIATES
We may disclose your Protected Health Information to other companies or individuals, known as "Business Associates," who provide services to us or on our behalf. For example, we may use a company to perform billing services or process prescription orders on our behalf. Our Business Associates are contractually required to protect the privacy and security of your Protected Health Information and notify us of any improper disclosure of information.
PERSONS INVOLVED IN YOUR CARE OR PAYMENT FOR CARE
We may disclose limited Protected Health Information to a family member or other individual involved in your care or payment for your health care.
PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES
We may disclose Protected Health Information about you to an authorized personal representative, such as a lawyer, administrator, executor, or other authorized person responsible for you or your estate.
THREAT TO HEALTH AND SAFETY
We may disclose Protected Health Information to prevent or reduce the risk of a serious and imminent threat to your health or safety, or to the health and safety of another person or the general public.
COMMUNICATIONS ABOUT OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
We may use and disclose your Protected Health Information to contact you about other Ginger Medical ACE products and services which we believe may be of interest to you.
LAW ENFORCEMENT
We may disclose your Protected Health Information to the police or other law enforcement officials as required by law or in compliance with a court order, warrant, subpoena, summons, or other legal process for locating a suspect, fugitive, witness, missing person, or victim of a crime.
AS REQUIRED BY LAW
We must disclose your Protected Health Information when required to do so by any applicable federal, state or local law.
JUDICIAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS
Under certain circumstances, we may disclose your Protected Health Information in the course of a judicial or administrative proceeding in response to a court order, subpoena, or other lawful process.
RESEARCH
Under certain circumstances, we may use or disclose your Protected Health Information for research purposes. All research projects at Ginger Medical ACE are subject to review by a committee responsible for ensuring the protection of individual research subjects, appropriate patient authorization, and an adequate plan to safeguard Protected Health Information. In preparation for research, we may review limited Protected Health Information to draft research protocols, to identify prospective research participants, or for similar purposes.
HEALTH AND GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
As permitted by HIPAA, we may also disclose your PHI to:
Public Health Authorities
The Food and Drug Administration
Health Oversight Agencies
Military Command Authorities
National Security and Intelligence Organizations
Correctional Institutions
Organ and Tissue Donation Organizations
Coroners, Medical Examiners and Funeral Directors
Workers Compensation Agents
ALL OTHER USES AND DISCLOSURES OF PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
We will ask for your written authorization before using or disclosing your Protected Health Information for any purpose not described above. You may revoke your authorization, in writing, at any time, except for disclosures that the company has already acted upon or are required by law. Ginger Medical ACE will never sell your Protected Health Information to third-parties or use your identifiable information for marketing purposes unless you provide written authorization that explicitly authorizes such use. Ginger Medical ACE will not share psychotherapy notes unless you give us written permission, or as required by law, health and safety, or a government agency.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
You have the following rights with respect to your Protected Health Information. To exercise any of these rights, please send a written request to our Privacy Office using the contact information provided at the end of this Notice.
RIGHT TO ACCESS PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION
You, or your authorized or designated personal representative, have the right to inspect or copy the Protected Health Information maintained by us. You also have the right to have us send an electronic copy of your medical record to a third party.
RIGHT TO REQUEST CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATIONS
You have the right to request that we communicate with you about your Protected Health Information by alternative means or to an alternative address, email, or phone number. Your request must be in writing and must specify the alternative means or location.
RIGHT TO CORRECT OR UPDATE INFORMATION
If you believe the Protected Health Information we maintain about you contains an error, you may request that we correct or update your information. Your request must be in writing and must explain why the information should be corrected or updated. We may deny your request under certain circumstances and provide a written explanation.
RIGHT TO AN ACCOUNTING OF DISCLOSURES
You may request a list, or accounting, of certain disclosures of your Protected Health Information made by us or our business associates for purposes other than treatment, payment, healthcare operations and certain other activities. The request must be in writing and state a time period, which may not be longer than the prior six years.
RIGHT TO REQUEST RESTRICTIONS
You have the right to request restrictions on our use and disclosure of your Protected Health Information. While we will consider all requests for additional restrictions carefully, we are not required to agree to a requested restriction except for Payment or Operations restrictions where payment has been made "out-of-pocket" and “paid-in-full.”
RIGHT TO A COPY OF THIS NOTICE
Upon request, you may obtain a paper or electronic copy of this Notice by contacting us at the address or email listed below.
INFORMATION BREACH NOTIFICATION
We are required to notify you following the discovery of a breach of your unsecured Protected Health Information, unless there is a demonstration, based on a risk assessment, that there is a "low probability" that the Protected Health Information has been compromised. You will be notified in a timely fashion, no later than 60 days after discovery of the breach.
QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices or would like a more detailed explanation about your privacy rights, please contact our Privacy Office using the contact information below.
If you believe that we may have violated your privacy rights, you may submit a complaint to our Privacy Office by emailing privacy@headspace.com or by mail at the address below. You also may submit a written complaint to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights. We will provide you with the address to file your complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights upon request. Ginger Medical ACE will not take retaliatory action against you and you will not be penalized in any way if you choose to file a complaint with us or with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
We reserve the right to change our privacy practices and the terms of this Notice at any time, provided such changes are permitted by applicable law.  We will promptly post any changes to this Notice on our website or otherwise provide them to you.
CONTACT INFORMATION
When communicating with us regarding this Notice, our privacy practices, or your privacy rights, please contact the Privacy Office using the following contact information:
Attn: Privacy Officer
Headspace, Inc.
2417 Michigan Ave
Santa Monica, CA 90404
privacy@headspace.com
Stay in the loop
Be the first to get updates on our latest content, special offers, and new features.
By signing up, you’re agreeing to receive marketing emails from Headspace.
You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details, check out our
Privacy Policy.
Email address
Subscribe
© 2025 Headspace Inc.
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
Consumer Health Data
Sharing Settings
CA Privacy Notice
English
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Português
We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your website use. We use this information to improve and personalize your website experience. Some of this information is needed to make our site function. If you click “I Agree,” we may also use this information to personalize ads. To manage your sharing preferences and opt-out rights, click “Sharing Settings.” For more information, please see:
Learn more
I Agree
Sharing Settings
Privacy Preference Center
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories below to learn more about their purpose. You may choose which types of cookies to allow and can change your preferences at any time. Remember that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. You can learn more about how we use cookies by visiting our Cookie Policy.
Learn more
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies track information about website visits so we can make improvements and report our performance. For example, we analyze visitor and user behavior to provide more relevant content or suggest certain activities. These cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, which site the user came from, the number of each user’s visits, and how long a user stays on the website. We might also use analytics cookies to test new ads, pages, or features to see how users react to them.
Functionality or Preference Cookies
During your visit to the website, these cookies are used to remember information you have entered or choices you make such as your username, language, or region. They also store your preferences when personalizing the website to optimize your use of Headspace, for example, your preferred language. These preferences are remembered through the use of the persistent cookies, and the next time you visit the website you won’t have to set them again.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These third-party cookies are placed by third-party advertising platforms or networks in order to deliver ads and track ad performance, enabling advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities (this is sometimes called behavioral, tracking, or targeted advertising) on the website. They may subsequently use information about your visit to show you ads that you may be interested on our website and other websites. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the website.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://www.headspace.com/applicant-notice:
Application Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
January 31, 2024
Scope and Overview
Headspace is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal data. This Privacy Notice describes how Headspace, including Headspace, Inc., Ginger.io, Inc. Ginger.io of California Medical P.C., and their subsidiaries, affiliates, and related entities (collectively, "Headspace," "we," or "us") collect and process personal data about you during the application and recruitment process. This Privacy Notice applies to job applicants only.
This Privacy Notice describes the categories of personal data that we collect, how we use your personal data, how we secure your personal data, when we may disclose your personal data to third parties, and when we may transfer your personal data outside of your home jurisdiction. This Privacy Notice also describes your rights regarding the personal data that we hold about you including how you can access, correct, and request erasure of your personal data.
We will only process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Notice unless otherwise required by applicable law. We take steps to ensure that the personal data that we collect about you is adequate, relevant, not excessive, and processed for limited purposes.
Collection of Personal Data
For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, personal data means any information about an identifiable individual collected in connection with the recruitment process. Headspace may collect personal data directly from you, as a job applicant, or may receive personal data from third parties, for example, in connection with a background, employment, or reference check, subject to your consent where required by law. Personal data excludes anonymous or de-identified data that is not associated with a particular individual. We may collect, store, and process personal data, including, but not limited to, the following categories, which we require in connection with our recruiting activities:
Identifying information
, such as your name, title, addresses, telephone numbers, personal email addresses, gender, date of birth, and signature.
Demographic data
, such as your race, ethnic origin, marital status, disability, and veteran or military status.
National identifiers
, such as your Social Security number, driver’s license/identification card number, passport and visa information, and immigration status and documentation.
Professional background
, such as your work history, training, professional memberships, proof of work eligibility, and other relevant experience including information contained in a resume, CV, cover letter, or job application.
Educational background
, such as education information including degrees awarded, transcripts, and other information provided in support of the job application.
Health and Safety information
, such as health conditions (if relevant to your employment), job restrictions, and workplace illness and injury information.
Application information
, such as information collected during phone screenings and interviews, details regarding the type of employment sought, desired salary, willingness to relocate, job preferences, and other information related to compensation and benefits, reference information and information received from background checks, where applicable, including information provided by third parties, and information related to previous applications to Headspace or previous employment history with Headspace.
The personal data listed in this notice is mandatory in connection with our recruiting activities. Failure to provide or allow us to process mandatory personal data may affect our ability to accomplish the purposes stated in this Privacy Notice.
We will collect the majority of the personal data that we process directly from you. In limited circumstances third parties may provide your personal data to us, such as former employers, official bodies (such as regulators or criminal record bureaus), medical professionals, and/or other sources.
Use of Personal Data
We only process your personal data where applicable law permits or requires it in connection with carrying out our application and recruitment process, to take steps necessary to enter into an employment contract with you, where the processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation that applies to us, for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, or with your consent if applicable law requires consent. We may process your personal data for the following legitimate business purposes:
Identifying and evaluating job applicants, including assessing skills, qualifications, and interests for the purposes of determining suitability for the position for which you have applied.
Verifying your information and carrying out employment, background, and reference checks, where applicable, subject to your consent where required by applicable law.
Communicating with you about the recruitment process and your application and managing your employment relationship with us, including for:
Onboarding processes;
Other human resources purposes.
Keeping records related to our hiring processes, for only as long as appropriate under the circumstances.
Creating and submitting reports as required by applicable laws or regulations.
To comply with our legal, regulatory, or other corporate governance requirements.
Conducting internal audits and workplace investigations.
Analyzing and improving our application and recruitment process, including performing analytics and benchmarking.
Exercise or defend the legal rights of Headspace and its employees, affiliates, customers, contractors, and agents.
We will only process your personal data for the purposes we collected it for or for compatible purposes. If we need to process your personal data for an incompatible purpose, we will provide notice to you and, if required by law, seek your consent. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent only where required by applicable law or regulation.
We may also process your personal data for our own legitimate interests, including for the following purposes:
To prevent fraud.
To ensure network and information security, including preventing unauthorized access to our computer and electronic communications systems and preventing malicious software distribution.
You will not be subject to hiring decisions based solely on automated data processing without your prior consent.
Collection and Use of Special Categories of Personal Data
We may collect and process the following special categories of personal data when you voluntarily provide them, or we receive them from a third party with your consent, when relevant for a particular position to carry out our obligations under employment law, or as applicable law otherwise permits:
Physical or mental health condition or disability status to determine appropriate workplace accommodations and evaluate fitness for a particular position.
Race or ethnic origin to comply with statutory obligations.
Previous criminal charges or convictions where relevant for the position.
Where we have a legitimate need to process special categories of personal data about you for purposes not identified above, we will only do so only after providing you with notice and, if required by law, obtaining your prior, express consent.
Data Sharing
We will only disclose your personal data to third parties where required by law or to our employees, contractors, designated agents, or third-party service providers who require such information to assist us with administering the recruitment process, including third-party service providers who provide services to us or on our behalf. We may use third-party service providers for various purposes, including, but not limited to, obtaining employment verification and background checks, and data storage or hosting. These third-party service providers may be located outside of the country in which you live or the country where the position you have applied for is located.
We require all our third-party service providers, by written contract, to implement appropriate security measures to protect your personal data consistent with our policies and any data security obligations applicable to us. We do not permit our third-party service providers to process your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
We may also disclose your personal data for the following additional purposes where permitted or required by applicable law:
To other members of our group of companies (including outside of your home jurisdiction) for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice and as necessary to administer the application and recruitment process.
As part of our regular reporting activities to other members of our group of companies.
To comply with legal obligations or valid legal processes such as search warrants, subpoenas, or court orders. When we disclose your personal data to comply with a legal obligation or legal process, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that we only disclose the minimum personal data necessary for the specific purpose and circumstances.
To protect the rights and property of Headspace.
During emergency situations or where necessary to protect the safety of persons.
Where the personal data is publicly available.
If a business transfer or change in ownership occurs and the disclosure is necessary to complete the transaction. In these circumstances, we will limit data sharing to what is absolutely necessary, and we will anonymize the data where possible.
For additional purposes with your consent where such consent is required by law.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Where permitted by applicable law, we may transfer the personal data we collect about you to the United States and other jurisdictions that may not be deemed to provide the same level of data protection as your home country for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. If you are located in the EU/EEA, we have implemented the data transfer mechanism from Article 49(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to secure the transfer of your personal data to the United States and other jurisdictions.
Data Security
We have implemented appropriate physical, technical, and organizational security measures designed to secure your personal data against accidental loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. In addition, we limit access to personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties that have a legitimate business need for such access.
Data Retention
Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, as required to satisfy any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, or as necessary to resolve disputes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider our statutory obligations, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes we process your personal data for, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. We specify the retention periods for your personal data in our data retention policy.
Under some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you. We reserve the right to use such anonymous and de-identified data for any legitimate business purpose without further notice to you or your consent.
If you are offered and accept employment with Headspace, the personal data we collected during the application and recruitment process will become part of your employment record, and we may use it in connection with your employment consistent with our employee personal data policies. If you do not become an employee, or, once you are no longer an employee of Headspace, we will retain and securely destroy your personal data in accordance with our document retention policy and applicable laws and regulations.
Rights of Access, Correction, Erasure, and Objection
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during the recruitment process. By law you may have the right to request access to, correct, and erase the personal data that we hold about you, or object to the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. You may also have the right to request that we transfer your personal data to another party. If you want to review, verify, correct, or request erasure of your personal data, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal data to another party, please contact us at
Talent@Headspace.com
. Any such communication must be in writing.
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access, and to provide you with the personal data that we hold about you or make your requested changes. Applicable law may allow or require us to refuse to provide you with access to some or all of the personal data that we hold about you, or we may have destroyed, erased, or anonymized your personal data in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. If we cannot provide you with access to your personal data, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
Right to Withdraw Consent
Where you have provided your consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of your personal data, you may have the legal right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances. To withdraw your consent, if applicable, contact us at Talent@Headspace.com.
Changes to This Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Notice at any time. We will provide the updated Privacy Notice on this website and we encourage you to periodically review it. If we would like to use your previously collected personal data for different purposes than those we notified you about at the time of collection, we will provide you with notice and, where required by law, seek your consent, before using your personal data for a new or unrelated purpose. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent only where required by applicable law or regulation.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our processing of your personal data or would like to make an access or other request, please contact us at:
Talent@Headspace.com
.
We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your website use. We use this information to improve and personalize your website experience. Some of this information is needed to make our site function. If you click “I Agree,” we may also use this information to personalize ads. To manage your sharing preferences and opt-out rights, click “Sharing Settings.” For more information, please see:
Learn more
I Agree
Sharing Settings
Privacy Preference Center
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories below to learn more about their purpose. You may choose which types of cookies to allow and can change your preferences at any time. Remember that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. You can learn more about how we use cookies by visiting our Cookie Policy.
Learn more
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies track information about website visits so we can make improvements and report our performance. For example, we analyze visitor and user behavior to provide more relevant content or suggest certain activities. These cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, which site the user came from, the number of each user’s visits, and how long a user stays on the website. We might also use analytics cookies to test new ads, pages, or features to see how users react to them.
Functionality or Preference Cookies
During your visit to the website, these cookies are used to remember information you have entered or choices you make such as your username, language, or region. They also store your preferences when personalizing the website to optimize your use of Headspace, for example, your preferred language. These preferences are remembered through the use of the persistent cookies, and the next time you visit the website you won’t have to set them again.
Targeting or Advertising Cookies
These third-party cookies are placed by third-party advertising platforms or networks in order to deliver ads and track ad performance, enabling advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities (this is sometimes called behavioral, tracking, or targeted advertising) on the website. They may subsequently use information about your visit to show you ads that you may be interested on our website and other websites. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the website.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;