Your use of our RhymeZone.com service is governed by our
Terms of
      Use
OUR
TERMS OF USE
CONTAIN DISCLAIMERS OF
      WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THESE PROVISIONS AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS
      ABOUT HOW TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE WITH RHYMEZONE.COM, INCLUDING UNDER THIS PRIVACY
      NOTICE. PLEASE REVIEW. YOUR USE OF THE RHYMEZONE.COM SERVICE IS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
      PRIVACY NOTICE AND OUR
TERMS OF USE
.
RhymeZone.com
Website Privacy Notice
Effective Date: December 15, 2023
* Solely for purposes of placing advertising on the
    Services, the Services are affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive
    (“Raptive”), and Raptive will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To
    learn more about Raptive's data usage or to withdraw your consent to or opt-out of
    Raptive's processing of your personal information, please click here:
Raptive's Advertising Privacy
      Statement
.
Introduction
COPPA Compliance
Information that You Provide to Us
How We Use Information that You Provide to Us
Purposes of Processing the Information that You Provide to Us
Links to Other Websites
Information Collected Automatically & Other Information; Cookie
        Policy
Your Rights & Choices; Opt-Out
Security of Your Information
Data Storage and Retention
Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information about You
Privacy Notice for California Residents
EU Data Subject Rights
EU Representative and Data Protection Officer
Copyright
Business Transfers
Acceptance of Privacy Notice Terms and Conditions
Questions, Comments or Complaints
Introduction
Your privacy is important to us. We understand that you are aware of and care about your
    own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Notice sets forth
    your privacy rights and applies to personal data we may collect solely through your use of
    the RhymeZone.com service. This Privacy Notice does not govern our collection of personal
    information through any means other than through RhymeZone.com.
Your decision to use RhymeZone.com and provide your personal data is voluntary. We
    indicate on our online, mobile, and other registration forms what types of personal data
    are requested. You may choose not to submit requested information online or may choose to
    restrict the use of cookies (see 'Your Rights & Choices; Opt-Out' below for more
    information), but that may limit the services we are able to provide to you.
We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from
    time to time update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data processing
    practices or adopt new privacy policies. If you have concerns, please contact our data
    protection officer at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
COPPA Compliance
RhymeZone.com is intended for a general audience, and is not targeted to, and does not
    knowingly collect personal data from, minors under 13 years of age. We request that these
    individuals do not provide personal data through the RhymeZone.com service.
In accordance with the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we
    will never knowingly solicit, nor will we accept, personally identifiable information from
    Users known to be under 13 years of age in a manner not permitted by COPPA or other
    applicable laws.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe that we have collected personal information
    from your child in a manner not permitted by law, please contact us at:
dpo@RhymeZone.com
. We will remove the data to the
    extent required by applicable laws.
Information that You Provide to Us
RhymeZone.com protects the identity of visitors to the RhymeZone.com service by limiting
    the collection of personally identifiable information. Personal information provided by
    you to us will not be posted or published by us and will be shared with third parties only
    as provided herein. You can enjoy many of the features of RhymeZone.com without giving us
    your personal information.
Promotions and other special features
For certain promotions and to access certain features that may be available on
    RhymeZone.com, we collect information voluntarily submitted by you to us to deliver the
    requested feature that may include (but not be limited to) your name, email address, city,
    state and age. You may edit this information at any time to change, add or remove it from
    our RhymeZone.com service. We process your personal information to deliver the requested
    feature to you and to inform you of other benefits or opportunities associated with our
    RhymeZone.com service. We may also use this information for legitimate business purposes
    that help us understand our users' needs and interests to better tailor our products and
    services to meet your needs.
Game Play
Whenever you play RhymeZone.com, we collect data about your interactions with each
    RhymeZone.com. This information may be associated with your username, IP address or device
    ID for the purpose of providing the RhymeZone.com service and improving it.
Payment card information
You may choose to purchase goods or services from RhymeZone.com using a payment card.
    Typically, payment card information is provided directly by a User, via the RhymeZone.com
    service, into the PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which the RhymeZone.com
    service subscribes, and the RhymeZone.com service does not, itself, process or store your
    card information.
How We Use Information that You Provide to Us
Non-subscriber communications from us and our approved,
      third-party partners
If you choose to provide us with personal information through the RhymeZone.com service,
    you may receive the following types of emails from us:
Emails related to subscription-maintenance activities;
Emails highlighting new features, content, and usage tips for the RhymeZone.com
      service; and
Special offers from our approved, third-party partners, if you “opt-in” or give us
      your permission to send them.
When you provide us with your personal information, you can let us know that you do not wish
  to receive special offers from our third-party partners. Also, each special offer will have
  information available to allow you to “opt-out” if you no longer wish to receive special
  offers.
Authorized service providers
For legitimate business interests, we may share your personal information with service
    providers that perform certain services on our behalf, such as processing credit card
    payments, performing business and sales analysis, and supporting the RhymeZone.com
    service's functionality.
Business partners
When you make purchases or engage in our promotions, we may share personal information
    with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services,
    promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular
    merchant's offer or program, you expressly authorize us to provide your email address and
    other information to that merchant.
Surveys
We may occasionally conduct on-line surveys. All surveys are voluntary, and you may
    decline to participate.
Law enforcement
We also may disclose your information: In response to a subpoena or as otherwise required
    by law. When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to
    investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or
    other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of RhymeZone.com,
    our Users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law
    enforcement; or to enforce our
Terms of Use
or other
    agreements or policies.
Purposes of Processing the Information That You Provide to Us
As explained above, the RhymeZone.com service processes your data to provide you with the
    products and services you have requested or purchased from us, including special features
    and other content. Sometimes we use third-party providers to facilitate the delivery of
    the services described above, and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have
    access to your personal information for the sole purpose of providing services to you on
    our behalf.
We also use your data for legitimate business purposes that enable us to refine our the
    RhymeZone.com service and better tailor it to your needs and communicate with you about
    other products and services offered by RhymeZone.com. In addition, we may disclose your
    personal information in special legal circumstances. For instance, such information may be
    used where it is necessary to protect our copyright or intellectual property rights, or if
    the law requires us to do so.
You can update your personal information and change your marketing preferences at any
    time by sending an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Notice only governs information collected through the RhymeZone.com service.
    The RhymeZone.com service may contain links to websites or content (including
    advertisements) operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control.
    We encourage you to review the privacy policy of a third-party website before disclosing
    any personal information to the website. Do not supply personal information to these sites
    unless you have verified their security and privacy policies.
Information Collected Automatically & Other Information; Cookie Policy
Like other commercial websites, the RhymeZone.com service and its authorized partners use
    cookies (small files transferred from a website to its visitors' hard drives or browsers
    for record-keeping purposes), including essential, functional and analytical cookies, and
    other similar information-gathering technologies throughout the RhymeZone.com service to
    collect certain information automatically and store it in log files for a variety of
    legitimate business interests and purposes. This information may include (but is not
    limited to) internet protocol (IP) addresses, mobile device identifiers, the region or
    general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type,
    operating system and other usage information about your use of the RhymeZone.com service,
    including a history of the pages you view.
Web beacons, tags, and scripts may be used on the RhymeZone.com service or in email or
    other electronic communications we send to you. These assist us in delivering cookies,
    counting visits to the RhymeZone.com service, understanding usage and campaign
    effectiveness and determining whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may
    receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our third-party service
    providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
RhymeZone.com and its authorized partners use cookies, beacons, and other similar
    technologies on the RhymeZone.com service for legitimate business interests that enable us
    to permit you to navigate, use, and access secure areas of the RhymeZone.com service. We
    also use these technologies for statistical purposes and to analyze and improve the use of
    the RhymeZone.com service and prepare aggregated usage reports.
As described below, we use these technologies for legitimate business purposes to provide
    standard advertising controls, determine User response to advertisements and promotions,
    and deliver targeted advertisements that we or our partners believe will be of most
    interest to you.
We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to
    administer our website, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad
    demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how our users, customers, and potential
    customers use the RhymeZone.com service. Among other things, this assists us in providing
    more relevant products and services. Please refer to
'Your Rights &
      Choices; Opt-Out'
below for more information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
    sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
    the RhymeZone.com service. For more information about cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
Analytics & usage data
For our legitimate business interests, we may process your
    personal information for analytic purposes on the RhymeZone.com service as described in
    this section.
Together with
Google
      Analytics
, we use cookies and software logs to monitor the use of the RhymeZone.com
    service and to gather non-personal information about visitors to RhymeZone.com. These
    monitoring systems allow us to track general information about our visitors, such as the
    type of browsers (for example, Firefox or Internet Explorer), the operating systems (for
    instance, Windows or Macintosh), or the Internet providers (for instance, Comcast) they
    use. This information is used for statistical and market research purposes to tailor
    content to usage patterns and to provide services requested by our customers.
We also have implemented certain
Google
      Analytics Advertiser
features. These tools use cookies to
    collect and store standard Internet logs and visitor information on our behalf, including
    information about what pages you visit, how long you are on RhymeZone.com, how you got
    here, and what you click on during your visit. This Google Analytics data is not tied to
    personal information, so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We use
    the data provided by Google Analytics to develop our services and content around our User
    demographics, interests, and behavior on our RhymeZone.com service. You can opt-out of
    this Google Analytics Advertiser feature using the Ads Settings located at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
. In
    addition, you can use the
Google
      Analytics Opt-Out
      Browser Add-on
to disable tracking by Google Analytics. To delete these cookies,
    please see your browser's privacy settings or follow the above instructions.
We also may receive other data about your use of our RhymeZone.com service from other
    sources. This information may include (but is not limited to) information about your
    activities across unrelated websites and mobile applications, information about the
    possible relationships between different browsers and devices and information that we
    receive from our third-party service providers. We may add this information to the
    information to the information we have already collected through our RhymeZone.com
    service.
Advertising on RhymeZone.com
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) for the
    purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Raptive will collect and use certain data
    for advertising purposes. To learn more about Raptive's data usage, click
here
The RhymeZone.com service may also rely on third-party service providers to do things
    like: take user-level information, anonymize it through hashing (a hashed email address
    might look something like this:
e820bb4aba5ad74c5a6ff1aca16641f6
) and match it
    against other anonymized, people-based identifiers - doing this helps us serve you
    personalized, relevant advertisements. Specifically, when you use our ad supported
    RhymeZone.com service, we may share information that we may collect from you, including
    your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating
    system, with our third-party service provider, LiveRamp Inc. and its group companies
    ('LiveRamp'). LiveRamp may use our first party cookie on your browser to match your shared
    information to their marketing databases in order to provide back a pseudonymous
    privacy-centric identifier for our use in real time bidding in digital advertising. These
    third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your
    browser. You have the choice to opt out of the use of your data by third-party service
    providers for this purpose at any time. Please find more information about opting out
below
.
Please note that limiting third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent
    our first-party cookies from being set in this way. Also, please know, if you opt-out of
    interest-based advertising
you will continue to
      receive ads on our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service, but not behaviorally
      targeted ads.
Also, if you opt out of RhymeZone.com's practices, you may continue to
    receive interest-based advertising through other companies. If you erase your browser's
    cookies, you may need to perform this process again.
Anonymous data
Anonymous aggregated data may be provided to other companies we do business with for
    statistical purposes. For example, we may report to advertisers that a certain percentage
    of our site's visitors are adults between the ages of 25 and 35.
Device identifiers
For our legitimate business interests, we process your device
    identifiers as described in this section.
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or cell phone to access our RhymeZone.com
    service, we may access and monitor one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers
    are small data files associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile
    device. A device identifier may deliver information to us or a third-party partner about
    how you browse and use the services and may help us or others provide reports or
    personalized ads. Some features of the services may not function properly if use or
    availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Third-party activities
For our legitimate business interests, and with your consent
    where this is required, we may process data collected by us for advertising, including
    interest-based advertising, as described in this section.
As described above, in order to monetize our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service, we
    work with third-party advertisers and advertising networks that use cookies and other
    similar technologies to target ads served to our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service.
    Our Privacy Notice does not cover the use of data that you provide directly to advertisers
    or third-party partners; that usage is governed by the advertiser's or third-party
    partner's privacy policy.
What does it mean to “serve ads”? When you visit a website, your Internet browser
    transmits a “request” to the computer that hosts the website (the “host server”)
    requesting that server to send you (or “serve”) the Web page that you are seeking. Most
    Web pages contain components that are pulled from different sources, for example, a Web
    page at a news site may get its weather section from one provider, its sports results from
    a different source, and advertisements from other servers. Our Web pages contain coding
    that directs your browser to fill the ad spaces on the Web pages with content served by
    advertisers and networks of advertisers to whom we have sold the ad spaces. The
    advertisers and networks use cookies and beacons to help manage ad delivery and frequency
    and to identify audience segment(s) for customized advertising (“targeting”). These
    cookies are used to identify your IP address, so that when you visit another website using
    the same advertising network, the network will recognize the cookie as one of its own,
    read the information on the cookie (the record of which sites in the network you have
    visited) and serve you an ad that you might be interested in, based on your past visits to
    other sites in the network. Advertising targeted based on past Web surfing is known as
    “behavioral advertising.”
RhymeZone.com does not provide any personal information to third-party advertisers about
    visitors to the RhymeZone.com service. Our Privacy Notice does not cover the use of
    information that may have been collected from you by third parties on other sites. If you
    would like to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt-out of having this
    information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to
    deliver targeted ads, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org
. Many of the same companies are
    members of the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You can learn
    more and opt-out of receiving targeted ads from them at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
Some advertising networks require that we specifically list their opt-out links below.
    When you opt-out of a network, you may receive a “opt-out” cookie so that the network will
    know not to assign you new cookies in the future.
You will
      continue to receive ads from that network,
      but not behaviorally targeted ads
. If you erase your browser's cookies, you may
    need to perform this process again.
Your Rights & Choices; Opt-Out Choices
We participate in the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework and comply with its
Specifications and
      Policies
. Our Consent Management Platform (CMP)
    is LiveRamp with the CMP identification number 3.
Raptive's
      Advertising Privacy Statement
more fully describes the
    cookies, beacons and other similar technology used on the RhymeZone.com service and
    provides information on when and how Users can accept or reject them.
You can opt-out of being behaviorally targeted by RhymeZone.com (and other companies
    employing online advertising) via the following options:
Digital Advertising
        Alliance
Digital Advertising Alliance
        Canada
European Digital Advertising
        Alliance
Network Advertising
        Initiative
Please remember, if you opt out of interest-based advertising you will continue to
      receive ads on our free, ad-supported RhymeZone.com service, but not behaviorally
      targeted ads. Also, if you opt out of RhymeZone.com's practices, you may continue to
      receive interest-based advertising through other companies.
Browser controls
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
    sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
    our RhymeZone.com service. For more information about cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
. Please note
    that limiting
    third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent our first-party cookies
    from being set in this way.
To manage or delete browser cookies, please see your browser's privacy settings.
To manage or delete Flash cookies, please use the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager
      here:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
Google Analytics
You can control the use of your personal data by Google Analytics by visiting the 'Your
    privacy controls' section of the Google Privacy Policy located at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US#infochoices
. You also
    can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google
    Analytics. To delete these cookies, please see your browser's privacy settings or follow
    the above instructions.
LiveRamp
To opt out of LiveRamp's use of your personal data, please head here:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals
When you visit a website in any browser, you automatically share information with that
    website, such as your IP address, and other standard PC information. If the website
    contains content provided by a third-party website (for example a web measurement tools
    such as a web beacon or scripts), some information about you may be automatically sent to
    the content provider. This type of arrangement has several benefits, such as allowing you
    to access third-party content from the RhymeZone.com service conveniently. Some internet
    browsers or other tools include “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that, when turned on, send a
    signal to websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked across websites over
    time. However, since no technology standard for DNT signals has been developed or adopted
    to date, the RhymeZone.com service does not currently respond to DNT signals.
Security of Your Information
Any personally identifiable information collected through this site is stored on
    limited-access servers. We will maintain safeguards to protect these servers and the
    information they store. In addition, to help protect the privacy of data and personally
    identifiable information you transmit through use of our RhymeZone.com service, we
    maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our
    security technology on an ongoing basis. We strive to restrict access to your personal
    data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services
    to you.
Data Storage and Retention
Your personal data is stored by us in the AWS Cloud - U.S. (eastern) and Singapore
    regions. We retain your information for the duration of your relationship with us and as
    long as necessary to permit us to use it for the legitimate business purposes that we have
    communicated to you and comply with applicable law or regulations. For more information on
    where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights
    of erasure and portability, please contact RhymeZone.com's data protection officer at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information about You
RhymeZone.com's headquarters are in the United States. Information we collect from you
    will be processed in the United States and may be stored, transferred to, and processed in
    any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. These
    countries may be outside your country of residence, including the United States, and may
    have different data protection laws than your country.
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), RhymeZone.com collects and transfers
    personal data out of the EEA only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or
    to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of RhymeZone.com in a manner that does not
    outweigh your rights and freedoms. RhymeZone.com endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to
    protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with
    your relationship with us and the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Correcting, Updating, or Removing Personal Information; Account Deletion
Users may opt out of certain RhymeZone.com features or correct, update, or remove certain
    personal information that RhymeZone.com has collected about them through any of the means
    listed below. Please be sure to include the following information in your correspondence:
Your email address
Your first and last name
Your mailing address (street, city, state, zip code, and country)
Email us at:
dpo@RhymeZone.com
Account Deletion:
If you no longer wish to have a registered account, you may terminate your account by
    sending an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
. Because of
    the way we maintain the RhymeZone.com service, such deletion may not be immediate, and
    residual copies of your profile information or posts may remain on backup media for up to
    ninety (90) days.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained
    elsewhere in this Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who
    reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply
    with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA
    have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
The RhymeZone.com service collects information that identifies, relates to, describes,
    references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly
    or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In
    particular, the RhymeZone.com service may collect the following categories of personal
    information from its consumers:
Category
Collected
A.
Identifiers
YES
B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
        Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
YES
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
NO
D.
Commercial information.
YES
E.
Biometric information.
NO
E.
Internet or other similar network activity.
YES
F.
Geolocation data.
YES
G.
Sensory data.
NO
H.
Biometric information.
NO
I.
Professional or employment-related information.
NO
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and
        Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
NO
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
YES
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and
        Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical
        Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the
        Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California
        Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the
    following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share
      your name and contact information to ask a question about the RhymeZone.com service, we
      will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your
      personal information to purchase a product or service, we or our third-party service
      providers will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We
      may also save your information to facilitate new product or service orders and requests.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop the RhymeZone.com services, emails, and
      other products, services and platforms.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent
      transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including investigating
      and addressing your concerns and monitoring and improving our responses.
To personalize your emails or RhymeZone.com experience and to deliver content and
      product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and
      ads through the RhymeZone.com service, and other products, services and platforms.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the RhymeZone.com service and
      our apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, databases and other
      technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including developing and
      improving the RhymeZone.com service and our apps, emails, and other products, services
      and platforms.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order,
      or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set
      forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization,
      dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the RhymeZone.com assets,
      whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding,
      in which personal information held by RhymeZone.com about our Users is among the assets
      transferred.
RhymeZone.com will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the
    personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible
    purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
RhymeZone.com may disclose your personal information to a third-party for a business
    purpose or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales
    (see 'Sales of Personal Information' below). When we disclose personal information for a
    business purpose, we enter into a contract that describes the purpose and requires the
    recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any
    purpose except performing the contract. The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the
    personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice
    and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales (see 'Sales of Personal Information'
    below).
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contractors and service providers.
Data aggregators.
Third parties with whom we partner to offer products and services to you.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, RhymeZone.com has not disclosed any categories of
    personal information collected through the RhymeZone.com service for a business purpose.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, RhymeZone.com has not sold any of the categories of
    personal information collected through the RhymeZone.com service.
As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Notice, the Company and our advertising partners
    will collect the personal information identified in the table above (such as the cookies
    stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP
    address of your device) when you visit the RhymeZone.com or open our emails. We, and our
    partners, will use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on the RhymeZone.com
    service, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others' sites (or use others' apps).
    To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the
    information we collect with third parties.
If you do not wish for us or our partners to sell your personal information to third
    parties for advertising purposes, click the
“Do Not Sell My Info”
link accessible
    from the RhymeZone.com service. Note that although we will not sell your personal
    information after you click that button, we will continue to share some personal
    information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such
    instance) to help us perform advertising-related functions such as, but not limited to,
    measuring the effectiveness of our ads, managing how many times you may see an ad,
    reporting on the performance of our ads, ensuring the RhymeZone.com service is working
    correctly and securely, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, improving when and
    where you may see ads and/or reducing ad fraud. If you access the RhymeZone.com service
    from other devices or browsers, visit our
“Do Not Sell My Info”
link from those
    devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those
    devices or browsers. Additionally, although clicking the
“Do Not Sell My Info”
link
    will opt you out of the sale of your personal information for advertising purposes,
it will not opt you out of the use of previously
      collected and sold personal information (except for personal information sold within 90
      days prior to your exercising your right to opt out) or all interest-based
      advertising
. If you would like more information about how to opt out of
    interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please
    visit
http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#
. You
      may
      download the
      AppChoices app at
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
to
      opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile
      device to opt out.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their
    personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise
    those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about
    our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we
    receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal
      information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data
      portability request).
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, we will identify the
      personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your personal information
    that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive
    and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service
    providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception
    applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our
    service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a
      good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the
      context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract
      with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or
      illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended
      functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free
      speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code §
      1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in
      the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when
      the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the
      research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations
      based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the
      context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please
    submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you
    authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your
    personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your
    minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice
    within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person
      about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand,
      evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot
    verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information
    relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify
    the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of
    its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension
    period in writing in accordance with CCPA requirements.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If
    you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or
    electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable
    consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we
    cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select
    a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you
    to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless
    it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request
    warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost
    estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your
    personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal
    information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive
    affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between
    13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age.
    Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any
    time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a
    request to us by emailing
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking
    you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt
    back in to personal information sales at any time by clearing cookies from your browser or
    emailing
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will
    only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the
    request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless
    permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for like-goods or services, including through
      granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you with a different level or quality of like-goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for like-goods or services or a
      different level or quality of like-goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can
    result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial
    incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information's value and contain
    written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial
    incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. We
    currently provide the following financial incentives:
NONE
Other California Privacy Rights
California's “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits Users of our
    websites, mobile applications, and other products, services and platforms that are
    California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal
    information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request,
    please send an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
RhymeZone.com reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at
    any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on
    our website at RhymeZone.com and update the notice's effective date.
Your continued use
      of the RhymeZone.com service following the posting of changes constitutes your
      acceptance of such changes
.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which RhymeZone.com
    collects and uses your information described herein, your choices and rights regarding
    such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to
    contact us at:
Website:
www.RhymeZone.com
Email:
dpo@RhymeZone.com
EU Data Subject Rights
The EU and UK General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and other countries' privacy
    laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is
    available on the website of the United Kingdom's
Information Commissioner's Office
.
If you wish to confirm that the RhymeZone.com service is processing your personal data,
    or to have access to the personal data that RhymeZone.com may have about you, please
    contact us at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Data Protection Officer
RhymeZone.com is headquartered in the United States. RhymeZone.com has appointed a data
    protection officer for you to contact at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
if you
    have any questions or
    concerns about RhymeZone.com's personal data policies or practices.
Copyright
All of the content on the RhymeZone.com service is copyrighted, and it cannot be
    redistributed or used for commercial purposes.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business
    units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
    business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy
    Notice or Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the
    unlikely event that RhymeZone.com, or substantially all of its assets are acquired,
    customer information will be one of the transferred assets, and will remain subject to our
    Privacy Notice.
Acceptance of Privacy Notice Terms and Conditions
By using RhymeZone.com, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this
    RhymeZone.com Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this
    site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove
    portions of this policy at any time. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days
    after they are initially posted on the site. Please check this page periodically for any
    modifications. Your continued use of the RhymeZone.com service following the posting of
    any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Questions, Comments or Complaints
If you have questions about RhymeZone.com, please submit them via our
feedback
      form
. To correct, update, or remove personally identifiable information, please
    email us at
dpo@RhymeZone.com
. If you have any
    questions or concerns, please send an email to
dpo@RhymeZone.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://raptive.com/creator-advertising-privacy-statement/:
Warning!
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Raptive Advertising Privacy Statement
CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) has an affiliate agreement with the website from which you linked (the “Site”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. This Advertising Privacy Statement explains how Raptive uses your data and supersedes any other language on the Site (if any) with respect to the data privacy practices of Raptive.
We Collect Personal Data for Online Advertising
We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, Raptive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on the site from which you linked and on other websites across the Internet using data available from your web browser, including cookies. We may also combine some of this information with information we obtain from third parties in order to create anonymous profiles. These profiles enable us and our partners to include you in audience segments, i.e., groups of users with similar interests. This audience data does not directly identify you. We share audience information with ad buyers and their technology partners via an automated bidding process operated by third parties that allows ad buyers to bid for the opportunity to display advertisements on the Site that you may find more relevant and accurate.
How We Collect Personal Data
Raptive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, which allow us to collect data like your IP Address (a unique address that identifies your device), geolocation, web browser type, device information, and operating system. By using the Site from which you linked, you consent to the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, and the sharing of data captured by such technologies with Raptive, Google, and our site’s other third party partners.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain directly-identifying information like your name or phone number, but other personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
If you have provided your email address to the Site, such as when registering for a newsletter or promotion, the Site may share your email address with us. Sometimes we may provide certain functions to the Site so that we can collect your email address (with your knowledge) directly for both the Site and us. We will “hash” or de-identify your email address in order to create pseudonymous advertising profiles reflecting your interests, as further described below. Similarly, if you have provided your phone number or other identifying information to the Site or one of our partners described below, and that information is provided to us, that information is then “hashed” or de-identified before being used to create an advertising profile.
We use pseudonymized information such as your hashed identifiers, and share the pseudonymized information with our advertising partners, to enhance the information shared by your web browser software for the purpose of building advertising profiles as described above. An advertising profile could include information such as the Site content you have viewed and other interests, your other online activities, demographic data about you, and your interactions with advertisements on the Site. Raptive’s advertising partners and their activities are further described below in “Third Party Partnerships.”
Managing or Opting Out of the Use of Your Data
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. To opt out of sharing information collected from your web browser for advertising purposes, you can use
DAA WebChoice Tool
, available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
. Please note that these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Google Chrome. The Google Chrome browser notes your topics of interest based on the sites you browse and how often you visit them. Sites can also store info with Chrome about your interests. If you use Google Chrome, we may collect some information on your browsing history and share it with our partner companies. For more information and how to opt out, visit:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/13355898?hl=en&sjid=4513061944593762279-NA#
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by Raptive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
European Union Representative
consentmanager ab
Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden,
www.consentmanager.net
Mail:
support@consentmanager.net
Right to Opt Out of “Sales” of Personal Information in Some US States
Certain state laws – for example, California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia– give residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes. Under these laws, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information, click the opt out link provided in the footer of the site from which you linked. If the site from which you linked does not have a footer, you can find the opt out link provided on the privacy policy page from which you linked. You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided. To make such a request, please contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. To be clear, we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.
Third Party Partnerships
On behalf of the site from which you linked, Raptive partners with certain technology services providers. Below you can read detailed information about the privacy policies of these technology companies, and choose to opt-out of their advertising related capabilities.
Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences. When you use the Site, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form) with our partner/service provider, Amazon Publisher Service – Publisher Audiences. We may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses with Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences, which uses that information to create a link between your hashed email and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in-app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. To opt out of this use, please head here:
https://youradchoices.com/
For Amazon Publisher Services Privacy Policy please head here:
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Criteo. We share hashed emails with our partner Criteo for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Criteo hashed email targeting here:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Fabrick. We share pseudonymized information, including a hashed version of information that we collect from you directly (such as email or phone number), third party IDs (such as mobile advertising IDs or other IDs assigned by third parties), IP addresses, and/or information about your browser or operating system with Neustar Information Services . Neustar Information Services and its affiliated companies (NIS) may match this pseudonymized information with information in their data repositories and issue another pseudonymous ID, which is changed on a weekly basis, for our use in connection with real-time bidding for digital advertising. NIS and other third parties may also link demographic or interest based information to your browser via Cookies. To opt out of the use of this data by NIS for this purpose, click here:
Neustar Privacy Choices
or use the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out link provided above.
Flashtalking. We may choose to share and/or utilize information with our partner Flashtalking for the purposes of internet based advertising. You may learn more about how Flashtalking operates and choose to opt-out of Flashtalking here:
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy
.
ID5. We may choose to share information with our partner ID5 for the purposes of ad targeting. You may learn more about how ID5 operates and choose to opt-out of ID5 data collection here:
https://id5.io/platfo
LiveIntent. We may provide your hashed email address to our partner LiveIntent, which may match it with other data associated with email address collected by LiveIntent in order to help us create a more accurate advertising profile. You can learn more about how LiveIntent operates, and choose to opt out of LiveIntent’s use of your data for online advertising, here:
https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
LiveRamp. When you use our Publisher network’s websites and enter your email address (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), they may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that they collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). Acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that Publishers may store in their first-party cookie for use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Optable. We use Optable for data management and storage, including your personal information. Optable is processor working on our behalf and does not further share your data without our permission. Optable is a platform we use to build “clean rooms” to facilitate Rapitve’s integration with other third-party partners that provide us with additional data that we could include in building audience segments.
Slickstream. The site you visited may include search functionality that we provide called Slickstream. To learn more about Slickstream, you can visit
Slickstream.com
. We provide the Slickstream service to other publishers in addition to those with which we have an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes. Slickstream collects data regarding the pages you have visited within the site, to provide you with search results and content recommendations, among other things. In addition, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your email address and other personal information as part of your use of the Slickstream search functionality. We use the data collected via Slickstream to provide the Slickstream service. If the Site from which you linked has an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes, we will also use that information in connection with advertising as provided above. You can opt out of our use of your information for such purposes by following the links referenced above, or by contacting us at
optout@raptive.com
.
The Trade Desk. We may choose to share an encrypted, unique identifier, based on your email address and/or other personal information, with our partner The Trade Desk. This identifier, called UID 2.0, is used to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes. Detailed information on The Trade Desk is available at:
https://www.thetradedesk.com/privacy
You can choose to opt out of UID 2.0 by visiting the Transparency and Control Portal at:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
Verizon. We share hashed emails with our partner Verizon for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Verizon hashed email targeting here:
https://yahoo.mydashboard.oath.com/
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US#infochoices:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps