RIDE COMMAND
Privacy Notice
Brazil (Brasil) - Português
|
Canada - Français
|
Finland (Suomi) - Suomi
|
France - Français
|
Germany (Deutschland) - Deutsch
|
Italy (Italia) – Italiano
|
Latin America (América Latina) - Español
|
Norway (Norge) - Norsk
|
Poland (Polska) - Po Polsku
|
Portugal - Português
|
Spain (España) - Español
|
Sweden (Sverige) - Svenska
|
United States - English
|
Last Updated: July 2024
Polaris Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Polaris,” “we,” “our,” and “us”) respect your privacy and value our relationship with you. This RIDE COMMAND Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) describes how we collect, use, and share your information when you use RIDE COMMAND services accessible through our: RIDE COMMAND websites (“Sites”); RIDE COMMAND mobile applications, including the Polaris App powered by RIDE COMMAND (“Mobile Apps”); vehicles equipped with RIDE COMMAND; and RIDE COMMAND+ features (formerly known as RIDE COMMAND connected services). In this Notice, we refer to these services, the Sites, and the Mobile Apps collectively as “RIDE COMMAND.” Please read this Notice carefully, because by accessing and using RIDE COMMAND you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this Notice.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
1.
Information We Collect
2.
How We May Use Information We Collect
3.
How Information We Collect May be Shared
4.
Third Party Sites and Plugins
5.
Information Security
6.
Data Retention
7.
Choices and Rights
8.
Where We Process Information
9.
Vehicle Sale or Transfer
10.
Minors
11.
Updates to this Notice
12.
Contacting Us
13.
Additional Information for California Residents
14.
Additional Information for Residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect the following types of information in connection with RIDE COMMAND:
Information you provide to us
, such as:
Profile and contact information
(for example: name; address; ZIP code; country; email address; password; telephone number; preferred dealer; and demographic information, such as gender, age or date of birth, or household information)
Information about your vehicles
(for example: VIN; make; model; model year; license plate number; and warranty and service information)
Other information you choose to provide
(for example: information about waypoints, saved places, and planned or tracked rides; trail-related information; and photographs or videos, such as those that you may upload and associate with a tracked ride)
Payment information
where applicable (for example: credit or debit card number, account information, CVV code, expiration date, and payment history)
Information from your use of RIDE COMMAND
, such as:
Location information
.
When you use RIDE COMMAND, we may collect and process location information, including geolocation information, speed, and direction
. Location information is necessary to provide certain RIDE COMMAND features, such as ride tracking and Group Ride functionality. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide RIDE COMMAND with information on nearby devices, facilities, and services.
We may collect geolocation information from your mobile device, as well as from your vehicle in certain situations described below.
RIDE COMMAND
+ features
. If your vehicle is equipped with RIDE COMMAND+ features (formerly known as RIDE COMMAND connected services),
we collect vehicle geolocation information and certain vehicle and usage information in connection with those features
. You can disable the collection of this information by visiting the (i) the privacy settings screen on the infotainment unit (in certain vehicles) or (ii) the privacy section of the owner settings in the Mobile Apps or Sites (for vehicles equipped with a RIDE COMMAND+ Plug-In device). Please note that, if you disable the collection of this information, you will lose some or all connected functionality.
Please Note: If your vehicle is equipped with RIDE COMMAND+ features (formerly known as RIDE COMMAND connected services) and does not have (i) a privacy settings screen on the infotainment unit or (ii) an activated RIDE COMMAND+ Plug-In device, you can disable the collection of this information by contacting your dealer to disable your RIDE COMMAND+ features or updating your vehicle software to the current update and then visiting the privacy settings screen on the infotainment unit.
In addition to vehicles equipped with RIDE COMMAND+ features
(formerly known as RIDE COMMAND connected services),
certain vehicles equipped with RIDE COMMAND transmit location and certain vehicle and usage information to Polaris when they are connected to the internet
.  Such vehicles have privacy settings screens on their infotainment units.  To disable the collection of this information, please visit the privacy settings screen on your infotainment unit.  Please note that, if you disable the collection of this information, you may lose certain functionality
.
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) and vehicle and usage information
. We may collect information about your vehicle, through its associated sensors or other hardware. Such information includes (i) VIN and (ii) vehicle and usage information, such as mileage, oil/battery status, fuel level and remaining miles, odometer readings, battery voltage, tire pressure, oil levels, engine temperature, diagnostic trouble codes, electrical system function, gear status, environmental data (such as air temperature), and usage of vehicle features such as the infotainment system.
Please see the
Location Information
section above for information about how to disable the collection of certain vehicle and usage information from (i) vehicles equipped with RIDE COMMAND+ features (formerly known as RIDE COMMAND connected services) and (ii) certain vehicles equipped with RIDE COMMAND when they are connected to the internet, as well as information about functionality that will be lost if you do so.
Device and usage Information
. We may collect technical data about the browsers and devices you use to access RIDE COMMAND, such as, device type, browser type and language, hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, IP address, mobile network information (e.g. carrier and signal strength), device event information (e.g. crashes, system activity, hardware settings, date and time of your request, and referral URL). We may also collect information about how you use RIDE COMMAND, such as features used, content viewed, and the dates and times of your interactions. This information is collected automatically as you use RIDE COMMAND.
Information from connected devices or mobile applications
. We may collect information from any third-party devices or mobile applications that you connect to RIDE COMMAND.
Local storage
. We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your Device using mechanisms such as application data caches.
Cookies and similar technologies
. Cookies and similar technologies are pieces of information stored directly on the device you are using.
Cookies
allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Sites, pages visited, and language preferences. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your online experience and our marketing and advertising efforts. In addition, we use cookies to gather statistical information about usage of the Sites in order to improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used, and assist us with resolving questions about them.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject any cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, parts of the Sites may not work for you.
Pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, or other similar technologies
. We use these technologies in connection with some of our Sites, emails, or advertisements to, among other things, track the actions of Site users, compile statistics about Site usage and response rates, determine whether you have opened and acted upon our emails, and assess the effectiveness of our marketing.
Analytics and Advertising
. We use third-party analytics services that use cookies and similar technologies to better understand how users engage with the Sites and Mobile Apps, including services provided by Google. Please visit
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
for more information about how Google collects and uses data when you use its partners’ websites or mobile applications. We also use third-party advertising services to provide advertisements for Polaris vehicles, products, or services that may be of interest to you when you visit websites or other online services.
This includes targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising, online behavioral advertising, or interest-based advertising)
.
We allow select third parties, including these analytics and advertising services, to place cookies and similar technologies on the Sites. These third parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites, and they may be members of industry self-regulatory groups such as the Network Advertising Initiative (
NAI
), Digital Advertising Alliance (
DAA
), and European Digital Advertising Alliance (
eDAA
). The websites for these groups provide more information on interest-based online advertising and how to opt out of receiving interest-based online ads from participating companies.
Cookie Preferences Settings on our Sites
. On certain Sites, you may also be able to accept or reject certain types of cookies and similar technologies on the Site by visiting the “Cookie Preferences", "Your Privacy Choices" or similar link on the bottom of the Site.
I
f you visit the Site from multiple browsers, you will need to access the link from each browser to set your preferences for that browser.
Please note that you will not be able to reject cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to enable core Site functionality. Please also note that, if you reject certain types of cookies and similar technologies, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of the Site.
Do Not Track Requests
. Some browsers may transmit “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals to the websites you visit. Because there is not common agreement about how to interpret DNT signals, we do not take action in response to them.
Information from other contexts.
We may combine the information we collect as described above, with information that we collect in other contexts, such as information we collect:
From you (for example, through our other websites, in connection with your purchase of our vehicles, products or services; from your communications with us; and from and our customer service records).
From our dealers, distributors, business partners, and other third-party sources.
Please see the
Polaris Privacy Notice
for more detail about how we may collect your information in other contexts.
2. HOW WE MAY USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the information we collect in connection with RIDE COMMAND for the following purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications, including RIDE COMMAND
. This may include, for example, customizing them to your preferences or interests, making them more compatible with your technology, or otherwise making them easier to use; analyzing how they are used; and evaluating, maintaining, and improving their performance, effectiveness, security, and safety.
Develop new vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications
.
Process payments and transactions
, where applicable.
Promote our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications, including RIDE COMMAND
. This may include, for example, developing and providing promotional and advertising materials about the Polaris
family of brands
that may be of interest to you; analyzing the effectiveness of those materials; and customizing and improving them. This may also include targeted advertising.
Communicate and manage our relationship with you
. This may include, for example, providing you information about our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications, and your interactions with us; responding to questions, inquiries, and service requests that you make; customizing and improving our communications with you and analyzing their effectiveness; communicating with you about, and administering your participation in, sweepstakes, contests, surveys, promotions, events, and similar activities.
Address warranty claims and provide vehicle and product service and support
. This may include, for example, investigating, validating, responding to, and administering warranty claims; providing vehicle and other product service and maintenance information and support; and providing recall and safety bulletin information.
Address legal issues
.This may include, for example, obtaining legal advice and establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims; complying with laws, regulatory requirements, contractual requirements, court orders, other legal process or obligations, or lawful requests from public and government authorities; detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, security issues, violations of our agreements (including the
RIDE COMMAND Terms of Service
), violations of law, or other misuse of our vehicles, products, services, websites, or mobile applications; and protecting the safety, rights, welfare, or property of Polaris, you, or others.
We may also use your information for other internal Polaris business operations as permitted by applicable law, and other uses consistent with the context in which the information was collected or with your consent.
We may de-identify or aggregate any of the information we collect and use it for any lawful purpose, including for research and product-development purposes. Such information will not identify you individually.
Communications
. Communications with you in connection with these uses may be via different methods, such as mail, telephone, email, text message, social media, or other electronic messages, or via our websites, mobile applications, and online services.
3. HOW INFORMATION WE COLLECT MAY BE SHARED
Information You May Share
Certain RIDE COMMAND features let you share information with others, such as your profile name, profile photo, phone number, location and ride information, and certain actions you take within RIDE COMMAND. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines. RIDE COMMAND provides you with different options on sharing your information.
Information We May Share
We may share your information as follows:
Polaris brands and companies
. We may share your information among the Polaris
family of brands
and companies, including Polaris Inc. subsidiaries and affiliates, which may be located in other countries. We may share your information among the Polaris family of brands and companies for various purposes, including, for example, to promote vehicles, products, and services from the Polaris family of brands and companies, and for research and development purposes.
Vendors.
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to us, such as website and mobile application hosting, data analysis, IT services, payment processing, fraud monitoring, services related to product development and maintenance, and communications, marketing, and online and offline advertising services.
Dealers and other business partners.
We may share certain information with our dealers, distributors, and other business partners for various purposes, including, for example, in connection with the service or maintenance of your Polaris vehicles, products, or services, including RIDE COMMAND, or to otherwise help them serve you better; to provide you with warranty, recall, and service information; and to provide you information about vehicles, products, services, or promotions that may be of interest to you.  Our independent dealers, distributors, and business partners are separate legal entities with their own privacy practices. For questions about the privacy practices of an independent dealer, distributor, or business partner you interact with, including how to opt out of marketing communications from them, please contact them directly.
Legal reasons.
We may share your information with third parties when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to: obtain legal advice or establish, exercise, or defend legal claims; comply with laws, regulatory requirements, contractual obligations, court orders, other legal process or obligations, or lawful requests from public and government authorities; detect, prevent, or respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, security issues, violations of our agreements (including the
RIDE COMMAND Terms of Service
), violations of law, or other misuse of our vehicles, products, services, websites or mobile applications; protect the safety, rights, welfare, or property of Polaris, you, or others, as required or permitted by applicable law.
Business transfers
. We may share your information with third parties in connection with any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
With your consent.
We may share your information with third parties when we have your consent to do so.
We may share de-identified or aggregated information internally and with third parties for any lawful purpose. Such information will not identify you individually.
4. THIRD-PARTY SITES AND PLUGINS
RIDE COMMAND may contain links to external websites, mobile applications, or third-party services that are not operated by Polaris, and plugins from social media platforms and other third parties. An example of a social media plugin is the Facebook “Like” button. We provide these links and plugins as a service and do not imply any endorsement of the related websites, mobile applications, third-party services, or social media platforms (“Third-Party Sites”), nor any association with their operators, and we are not responsible for the privacy or other policies or practices of those Third-Party Sites. To learn about the information collected by Third-Party Sites, please visit their privacy notices.
5. INFORMATION SECURITY
Polaris maintains technical and organizational security measures designed to help protect the information collected through RIDE COMMAND from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system is 100% secure or error free, and we cannot guarantee the security of the information we collect.
6. DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
To determine the period for which your personal information will be retained, Polaris considers criteria such as: (i) the nature of our relationship with you and the types of vehicles, products, or services we have provided to you, or you have requested; (ii) the sensitivity of the information and the purposes for which it was collected; (iii) the nature and timing of your interactions with us (including with our websites, mobile applications, online services, communications, etc.); (iv) any applicable legal or contractual requirements to retain information for a certain period of time, including any retention obligations related to actual or potential litigation or government investigations; and (v) the impact on the vehicles, products, and services we provide if the relevant information were deleted.
7. CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Choices.
You have certain choices about the information you provide and how it is used and shared. For example, you can:
Choose not to provide certain information requested. Please note that not providing such information may limit RIDE COMMAND functionality.
Review and control certain types of information tied to your RIDE COMMAND Account.
Adjust how the Profile associated with your RIDE COMMAND Account appears to others.
Control with whom you share information through your RIDE COMMAND Account.
Choose to receive or stop push notifications relating to the Mobile App at any time. Push notifications are messages that are sent to the mobile device on which you have the Mobile App installed to alert you about, for example, recommended service on vehicles you have added to your Garage within the Mobile App.
Adjust the location settings of your mobile device at any time to control whether your device communicates location information to the Mobile App, and you may have the option to adjust the location permissions within the Mobile App itself. Device location may be derived from your device’s Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and other device settings. See your device settings for more information.  Please note that not providing location information may limit certain RIDE COMMAND functionality.
If your vehicle is equipped with RIDE COMMAND+ features (formerly known as RIDE COMMAND connected services), or otherwise has a privacy settings screen on its infotainment unit and transmits vehicle geolocation and certain vehicle and usage information to Polaris when connected to the internet, you may disable the collection of that information as described in the
Location Information
section, above.  Please note that, if you disable the collection of that information you may lose certain functionality, as described in the
Location Information
section, above.
Choose to opt out of marketing communications from us. Depending on applicable law where you live and your relationship with us, you may be automatically subscribed to marketing emails or need to sign up for them to receive them. You may opt out of receiving marketing emails by using the unsubscribe information in the marketing emails you receive. You may also opt out of receiving marketing communications by submitting a request at
https://www.polaris.com/en-us/contact-support/
, or by submitting a request to us using
this request form
and selecting “Unsubscribe from marketing emails” as the request type.
In your request, please include your first and last name, the brands and types of marketing communications you would like to opt out of, and your contact information relevant to those communications (e.g. mailing address for postal mail or email address for email). Please note that you may not be able to opt out of receiving non-marketing communications. Some examples of non-marketing communications include: communications about an order or transaction; customer-service communications; and service or recall information.
Rights.
Depending on where you reside (for example, if you are a United States resident and reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia), you may have one or more rights with respect to your personal information, which may apply differently in different circumstances, and may be limited by applicable law. Examples of such rights include: rights to correct, delete, or obtain a copy of your personal information (or information about the categories of your personal information that we have collected); the right to data portability; rights to withdraw consent for, object to, or restrict certain processing of your personal information and the right to opt of sharing of personal information for targeted advertising. You may exercise these rights by submitting a request to us using
this request form
.
Please Note
: To opt out of sharing of personal information for targeted advertising that takes place via cookies and similar technologies on one of our Sites, please visit the “Your Privacy Choices” or “Cookie Preferences” link on that Site.
If you visit the Site from multiple browsers, you will need to access the link from each browser to opt out for that browser
.
To opt out of sharing of personal information for targeted advertising that does not take place via cookies and similar technologies, please submit a request using
this request form
.
Requests to exercise these rights are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity and request in light of the
p
ersonal
i
nformation relevant to the request and the requirements in
applicable law
. Please note that we may ask for additional information to verify your request, including verification of your email address, before responding to your request. Please see
our request form
for more information about our verification process.
An authorized agent may initiate a request
to exercise these rights
on your behalf
using
this request form
, but we will require written proof that the authorized agent has been authorized to act on your behalf or a copy of the power-of-attorney document granting that right. To the extent legally permitted, we may also require that you directly verify the identity and authority of the authorized agent.
If we deny your request to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information, you may appeal our decision, by using
this request form
and selecting "Apperal right request rejection" under "Request Type."
For more information about the rights of California residents and how to exercise them, please see section 8, ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS, below.
For more information about the rights of residents of the European Economic Area and Switzerland and how to exercise them, please see section 9, ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND SWITZERLAND, below.
8. WHERE WE PROCESS INFORMATION
We may process your information in the United States and other locations around the world. Those countries may not have the same level of protection for your personal information as your country. By using RIDE COMMAND or providing us your information, you acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred to and processed in the United States and these other countries.
9. VEHICLE SALE OR TRANSFER
If you sell or transfer your vehicle, you are responsible for deleting your information, such as waypoints and saved places, from it. If you do not do so, the information may be accessible to future users of the vehicle.
10. MINORS
We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 13. RIDE COMMAND is not directed to individuals under the age of 13, and we request that individuals under the age of 13 not provide personal information through RIDE COMMAND.
However, the RIDE COMMAND+ Connected Vehicle Plug-In is available to be purchased by a parent and installed on certain youth vehicles. The
RIDE COMMAND Parent/Guardian Privacy Notice
applies to the activation of RIDE COMMAND+ features on a youth vehicle.
11. UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
We may change this Notice. Please review the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Notice was last revised. Any changes to this Notice will become effective when we post the revised Notice on this Site. Your use of RIDE COMMAND following these changes means that you accept the revised Notice.
12. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Notice, please contact us using the contact information below:
For residents of the European Economic Area or Switzerland, our contact information is:
By mail: Polaris Sales Europe SARL, Place de l’Industrie 2 1180 Rolle – Switzerland,
Attention:  Data Protection Officer
By email: privacy@polaris.com
For all others, our contact information is:
By mail: Polaris Industries Inc., 2100 Hwy 55 Medina, MN 55340,
Attention: Legal Department
By email: privacy@polaris.com
By phone: 1-800-POLARIS (Monday to Friday, 8 am – 6 pm Central Time)
13. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
During the past twelve months, we have collected the following “Categories” of “Personal Information,” as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and related regulations (“CCPA”):
Identifiers
Examples
: Name, postal address, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, or other similar identifiers
Categories of Personal Information in California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e)
Examples
: Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, driver’s license number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, or financial information
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
Examples
: Race, national origin, age (over 40), gender, marital status, or military and veteran status
Commercial Information
Examples
: Records of vehicles, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered; or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Examples
: Browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement
Geolocation Data
Examples
: Precise geolocation data from your mobile device or vehicle, collected as described in this Notice
Audio, Electronic, Visual, or Similar Information
Examples
: Photos, videos, service call recordings, or facility camera footage
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Examples
: Occupation, job title, or professional association membership information
Inferences Drawn from Personal Information
Examples
: Information about your preferences or likelihood to purchase our vehicles, products, or services
Sensitive Personal Information
Examples
:
Social security number, driver’s license number, account login information, precise geolocation data, or racial or ethnic origin
We may not collect all of the examples of each Category of Personal Information listed above through RIDE COMMAND, but we may collect them in other contexts and combine them with the Personal Information we collect through RIDE COMMAND. Please see the
Polaris Privacy Notice
for more information about our collection of Personal Information in other contexts.
We
retain
each of these Categories of Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice unless a longer retention period is
required
or allowed by law. To
determine
the period for which your Personal Information will be
retained
, Polaris considers criteria such as those described in
section 6,
DATA RETENTION
, above
.
How We Collect Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
You or Your Devices
. We collect Personal Information that you provide us, and we collect Personal Information directly from your devices, vehicles, products, or interactions with us, including through our websites, mobile applications, vehicles, products, services, and communications.
Vendors
. We receive Personal Information from the third parties who provide services to us.
Dealers & Other Business Partners
. We receive Personal Information from our dealers, distributors, and other business partners.
Publicly Available Sources.
We receive Personal Information from publicly available sources, including, for example, information that is submitted in a public forum, such as a blog, website, social network, or chat room; and information from government authorities and public databases.
Consumer Data Resellers
How We Use Personal Information
We collect and use the Categories of Personal Information listed above for the following categories of business and commercial purposes:
Providing Products & Services
. We use Personal Information to provide, maintain, protect, and improve our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications, including RIDE COMMAND; and to develop new vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications. This may include, for example: customizing our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications to your preferences or interests; making them more compatible with your technology; or otherwise making them easier to use; analyzing how they are used; and evaluating, maintaining, and improving their performance, effectiveness, security, and safety.
Processing Payments & Transactions
. We use Personal Information to enable or process payments and transactions you make.
Marketing
. We use Personal Information for marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be of interest to you; analyzing the effectiveness of those materials; and customizing and improving them.
Communicating & Managing Our Relationship with You
: We use Personal Information to communicate and manage our relationship with you. This may include, for example, providing you information about our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications, and your transactions with us; responding to questions, inquiries, or service requests that you make; customizing and improving our communications with you and analyzing their effectiveness; communicating with you about, and administering your participation in, sweepstakes, contests, surveys, promotions, events, and similar activities.
Warranty & Support Purposes
. We use Personal Information to address warranty claims and provide vehicle and product service and support. This may include, for example, investigating, validating, responding to, and administering warranty claims; providing vehicle and other product service and maintenance information and support; and providing recall information.
Legal Reasons.
We use Personal Information to address legal issues. This may include, for example, obtaining legal advice or establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims; complying with laws, regulatory requirements, contractual obligations, court orders, other legal process or obligations, or lawful requests from public and government authorities; detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, security issues, violations of our agreements, violations of law, or other misuse of our vehicles, products, services, websites, or mobile applications; and protecting the safety, rights, welfare, or property of Polaris, you, or others.
Deidentification
. We de-identify and aggregate Personal Information and use it for any lawful purpose.
Other Purposes with Notice
. We may use Personal Information for other purposes for which we provide specific notice when the information is collected.
How We Disclose Personal Information
During the past twelve months, we have disclosed for a business purpose, as described in this Notice, each of the Categories of Personal Information listed above. We have disclosed Personal Information to the following categories of third parties:
Polaris Brands & Companies.
We share Personal Information among the Polaris
family of brands
and companies, including Polaris Inc. subsidiaries and affiliates.
Vendors
. We share Personal Information with the third parties who provide services to us.
Dealers & Other Business Partners
. We share Personal Information with our dealers, distributors, and other business partners.
Third Parties for Legal Reasons
. We share Personal Information with third parties, including government entities, for the Legal Reasons described above, including in connection with a merger, sale, or asset transfer.
Third Parties for Business Transfers
. We share Personal Information with third parties in connection with any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Third Parties with Consent
. We share Personal Information with third parties for whom you have given us permission to share your Personal Information. This includes third parties and members of the public who can see content that you choose to post or share through RIDE COMMAND.
We have disclosed (or may disclose to the extent necessary or appropriate) for a business purpose each of the categories of Personal Information described above to each of these categories of third parties.
Sale of Personal Information
During the past twelve months, we have not sold Personal Information as we understand the definition of a “Sale” under the CCPA. We disclose and share Personal Information as described in this Notice, including when we allow select third parties to place cookies and similar technologies on our Sites to provide us analytics and advertising services.
Sharing of Personal Information for Targeted Advertising
During the past twelve months, we have shared for targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising)
Personal Information from
the following Categories
of Personal Information
: Identifiers, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
,
Commercial Information, Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law (e.g. gender)
,
Professional or Employment-Related Information (e.g. occupation)
,
and Inferences Drawn from Personal Information. We share Personal Information for targeted advertising
with vendors who provide
us
advertising services
to deliver to our customers and prospective customers
advertising
that may be of greater interest to them, and to evaluate the performance of our advertising campaigns. We do not have actual knowledge that we have shared for targeted advertising the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age
.
Use of Sensitive Personal Information
We may use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information (such as precise geolocation information about your riding activity and
information regarding
racial or ethnic origin) for certain purposes that you have the right to limit, such as tailoring
promotional and
advertising
materials
to be more relevant to you. For information about how to exercise your right to limit, please see the
California Privacy Rights
s
ection
,
below.
The CCPA Regulations identify, in Section 7027(m)
,
certain purposes for which you do not have the right to limit our use or disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Examples of those purpose include: (i) providing the goods and services reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests them; (
ii
) preventing, detecting, and investigating security incidents concerning
P
ersonal
I
nformation; (iii)
resisting and prosecuting malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at Polaris; (iv)
protecting the physical safety of natural persons; (v)
verifying, maintaining, improving, upgrading, or enhancing the quality or safety of our products or services;
and (vi)
collecting or processing
S
ensitive
P
ersonal
I
nformation where such collection or processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer.
California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to make certain requests about their Personal Information under the CCPA. Specifically, if you are a California resident, you may request that we:
Provide access to and/or a copy of Personal Information we have about you;
Provide you information about: the Categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting selling or sharing Personal Information; and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information;
Delete Personal Information we have about you, subject to the exceptions set out in the CCPA;
Correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you:
Opt ou
t
of
sharing of Personal Information for targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising)
; or
Limit certain uses and disclosures of Sensitive Personal Information
, as described in the
Use of Sensitive Personal Information
section,
above.
You may exercise these rights by submitting a request to us using
this request form
. You may also submit a request to exercise these rights by contacting us at 1-800-POLARIS and selecting option 3 and then option 9 (Monday to Friday, 8 am – 6 pm Central Time).
Please Note
: To opt out of sharing of Personal Information for targeted advertising that takes place via cookies and similar technologies on one of our Sites, please visit the “Your Privacy Choices” or “Cookie Preferences” link on that Site. If you visit the Site from multiple browsers, you will need to access the link from each browser to opt out for that browser. To opt out of
sharing of
Personal Information for targeted advertising that does not take place via cookies and similar technologies, please
submit
a request using
this request form
.
An authorized agent may initiate a request on your behalf through one of the above methods, but we will require written proof that the authorized agent has been authorized to act on your behalf or a copy of the power-of-attorney document granting that right. To the extent legally permitted, we may also require that you directly verify the identity and authority of the authorized agent.
Please note that most of these rights are not absolute, and our response may be limited as permitted by the CCPA. For example:
Requests to exercise these rights are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity and request in light of the Personal Information relevant to the request and the requirements in the CCPA. Please note that we may ask for additional information to verify your request, including verification of your email address, before responding to your request. Please see our
request form
for more information about our verification process.
The right to have Personal Information deleted is subject to a number of exceptions set out in the CCPA, such as when we need to maintain the information to provide vehicles, products, or services you requested, or to comply with our legal obligations.
California residents also have the right, as set out in the CCPA, to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
California Shine the Light Law
Under California’s “Shine the Light Law,” California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining vehicles, products, or services for personal, family, or household use, may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To request this information from Polaris, please send an email message to privacy@polaris.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line of your message. Please be aware that not all information is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements, and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response
14. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND SWITZERLAND
The controllers for personal data covered by this Notice are Polaris Industries Inc., 2100 Highway 55, Medina, MN 55340, and as applicable, Polaris Sales Europe SARL, Place de l’Industrie 2 1180 Rolle – Switzerland.
The contact information for Polaris’ data protection officer is:
By mail: Polaris Sales Europe SARL, Place de l’Industrie 2 1180 Rolle – Switzerland,
Attention:  Data Protection Officer
By email:
privacy@polaris.com
Polaris’ Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
Our lawful basis for processing personal data covered by this Notice will depend on the purposes of the processing. To the extent we process personal data because it is necessary to perform a contract with you (such as the
RIDE COMMAND Terms of Service
), our legal basis for that processing is that it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
When we are required to share personal data with law enforcement agencies or other governmental bodies, or we otherwise process personal data to comply with our legal obligations, we do so on the legal basis that we are under a legal obligation to do so.
We use consent as our basis for processing to the extent required by applicable law, or as we otherwise deem appropriate, for example, before we collect geolocation information from your mobile device.
We also process personal data on the lawful basis that it is necessary for Polaris’ legitimate business interests, which may include: providing, improving, developing, and promoting our vehicles, products, services, websites, and mobile applications; communicating with and otherwise managing our relationship with you; enhancing the safety and security of our vehicles, products, services, websites, mobile applications, employees, and others; and protecting Polaris and our business partners from wrongful conduct.
Your Individual Rights
In accordance with applicable laws in the European Economic Area and Switzerland, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data, which apply differently in different circumstances, and may be limited by local law: (i) right of access, (ii) right to correction, (iii) right to erasure, (iv) right to restriction of processing, (v) right to data portability, (vi) right to object to certain types of processing, and (vii) right to withdraw consent to certain types of processing. Most of these rights are not absolute. You may exercise these rights by submitting a request to us using
this request form
. If you make a request to exercise your rights, we will respond within one month but have the right to extend this period by two additional months, where necessary. If we extend the response period, we will let you know within one month from your request. Please note
including verification of your email address,
before responding to your
request
.
Please see
our
request form
for more information about our verification process.
We will seek to address any complaints submitted to us using the contact information listed in section 14 “CONTACTING US” above. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority or regulator.