Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
We want you as a long-term customer and patron. We will treat you how we would like to be treated.
Below is our policy regarding usage of information collected by
iPhone Life Magazine
and it's publisher, Mango Life Media LLC. On occasion we reevaluate this policy based on customer feedback, effective business practices, and treating customers fairly and properly.
We never give out phone numbers, nor do we ever telemarket. When collected, phone numbers are used only by our customer service representatives for support or a purchase concern.
We obtain email address and other information in any of a number of ways. These include but are not limited to:
Subscriptions to
iPhone Life Magazine
Registering at this web site
Request for a sample print or electronic issue
Subscription to our email newsletters
Shopping cart purchases
Online surveys
On occasion we may send you relevant email concerning our products or services. There is an opt-out notice on any such email we send you. We will do our best to honor your intentions if you didn't opt-in when signing up for our forum or email newsletters, or if you explicitly opted out. However, we may have received your email address in several ways, or you may have multiple email addresses, so please excuse any unintentional additional email. Please opt-out again, or you may contact us at
help@iphonelife.com
with concerns or problems.
With your permission, when you opt-in, we will on occasion send you email about iPhone-related products. We will not abuse this privilege. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out. You will always know that we are the source with any such email.
We take all reasonable precautions to protect against loss or misuse of customer information. However, due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot assume liability for security breaches.
As part of our service, we link to many web sites. We consider these useful, reputable sites. However, due to the changing nature of the web, we cannot assume responsibility for content, security, or privacy policies of any of these web sites.
We use cookies and web beacons to enable our shopping cart, to track web traffic, and support advertising partnerships such as Google, AdRol, and Tech Net.
As you browse iphonelife.com and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you. If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this
page
to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising.  (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
We use traffic pattern information from our web sites, collected demographics, and web survey information to provide better, more appropriate editorial products, deliver more targeted ads including retargeting campaigns, and to encourage vendors to advertise. We may share collective information internally and among potential advertisers.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you or your business. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications. Our partners may link the hashed or obfuscated personal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, and Smart TVs, over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. Your data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected. To learn more about interest-based advertising in general and to opt out, please visit
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
If you would like to remove these cookies, you can disable cookies in your browser, or follow instructions for your specific browser and platform for clearing out your cookie data.
If you have complaints or concerns, you may e-mail the Publisher,
David Averbach
.
If you wish to unsubscribe from any of our newsletters, use the "Unsubscribe" or "Manage Subscriptions" link that you'll find at the bottom of each newsletter we send you. Otherwise, send an e-mail to
help@iphonelife.com
and let us know which newsletter you wish to be unsubscribed from.
All sensitive personal information, such as bank details and credit card numbers, are collected using a secure server (https://) and follows security regulations for such practices.
You are entitled to request us to erase any personal data we hold about you. We will do our best to respond promptly and in any event within one month of the following:
Our receipt of your written request; or
Our receipt of any further information we may ask you to provide to enable us to comply with your request, whichever happens to be later.
Please email data removal requests to
help@iphonelife.com
, and supply the following information when submitting the request:
Full Name
Address
Email Address
Contact telephone number
Proof of Identity
Proof of Address
Reason for erasure request
What information you wish to erase
Advertising.
When you use our website and enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or sign up for a newsletter, or similar), we may share with solution providers and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
This Site is affiliated with Adapex INC for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Adapex INC will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes.
Learn more about Adapex’s data usage here.
Blog Disclaimer
iPhone Life takes care to see that the information posted by writers on its website is accurate and truthful. However, iPhone Life does not expressly or impliedly warrant or guarantee the accuracy of its contents and the information others post through blogs and blog comments. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely those of the individual writers, and do not represent the views and opinions of
iPhone Life
Magazine
.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Discover your Apple device's hidden features
Join the only free daily newsletter that reveals new things you can do with your iPhone in just a minute a day.
Each email reveals new things you can do with your phone (and other devices) with easy-to-follow screenshots.
Enter your email to get your first tip immediately!
NULL