The Circuit Magazine
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Last updated: September 1st, 2016
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using The Circuit Magazine or submitting any personal information. By using The Circuit Magazine, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis.
You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit The Circuit Magazine to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for The Circuit Magazine only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is only used to fulfil your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example, to add you to one of our mailing lists.
COOKIE/TRACKING TECHNOLOGY
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to The Circuit Magazine, and understanding how visitors use The Circuit Magazine. Cookies can also help customize The Circuit Magazine for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails, newsletters and notifications from The Circuit Magazine allow you to opt out of further messages.
PRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may
contact us here
.
Tweet
Share
Pin
Share
0
Shares