Privacy Policy
At PETITCHEF, we care about the privacy of our users. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and protect the personal information you provide to us when you use our website.
Collection and use of personal information
We collect personal information such as your name, email address and country when you register on our website to receive our newsletter or to comment on recipes. We may also collect information about how you use our website, including the pages you visit and the recipes you save.
We use this information to personalize your user experience on our website, to improve our website, and to send you information about recipes and products that we think you might enjoy. We do not sell, rent or share your personal information with third parties without your consent.
Cookies
We use cookies to collect information about how users navigate our website. Cookies help us to improve our website by identifying the most popular and least popular pages, and by providing information about how visitors navigate the site. You can disable cookies in your browser settings.
When you use our website and enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time.
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Information considered personal:
PETITCHEF may hold information about you, such as: gender, name, email, date of birth, picture.
PETITCHEF is not responsible for the correctness of information posted by users.
PETITCHEF supports users to
modify data
,
download data
and even
permanently delete user account
.
Purposes of the request for information considered personal:
email
: it is not public, it is required for registering members on the site but also for subscribing to receive the daily newsletter.
gender
: not mandatory, it can appear in the user's email as the greeting form or on the profile page.
name
: not mandatory, it can appear in the user's email as the greeting form or on the profile page.
date of birth
: it is not mandatory nor public, it can be used in birthday emails.
picture
: not mandatory, it appears on the profile page or in the comments.
Modification of personal information:
Users / members of the site PETITCHEF can change their personal information at any time by accessing the "
My Account
/
Edit My Account
" section of the site.
Download personal information:
Users / members of the site PETITCHEF can download
a copy of personal information in JSON format
at any time by accessing the section "
My Account
/
Download Information
".
Deletion of their personal information:
The definitive deletion of the user account
can be done directly from the website, by accessing the link "
Account deletion request
" from the "profile page" or "my account" .
Users may also request deletion of their personal information by contacting us at contact@petitchef.com.
Users who are
subscribed to the newsletter can unsubscribe with a single click
directly from the newsletter.
Security of personal information
We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information you provide to us against loss, misuse and unauthorized access. However, no security system can guarantee 100% protection against all threats.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to check this page regularly for changes.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us at the following e-mail address: contact@ptitchef.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://liveramp.com/privacy/:
Data is a powerful tool. At LiveRamp, we believe a culture of accountability is essential to success in a data-driven world.
Read our Privacy Notices
Where required, we maintain privacy notices for various business purposes and multiple regions or regulatory jurisdictions of the world. The choices available to an individual may vary within these areas based on local laws and customs. Our full list of privacy notices is available on this page. Please select a privacy notice below to
understand what information we collect, how the information is used and what choices you have to protect your information.
General Privacy Notices
Product and Service Privacy Notice
(How we handle data within our databases when we are the business or controller.)
Web and Business Representative Privacy Notice
(How we handle data on this website and collected from corporate activities and events.)
Specific Country or U.S. State Privacy Notices
North America
California Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for California residents.)
Mexico Privacy Notice
(How we handle personal data for Mexico residents.)
Asia-Pacific
Australia Privacy Policies
Japan
European Union and United Kingdom
UK
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
Spain
Security
In addition to our privacy notices, we maintain strict security policies and procedures. See our
Data Security Knowledge Base page
for details.
Your Privacy Choices
You may have certain legal rights with respect to data. These rights may include the right of access, deletion, limiting the use of or correction of personal data. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, if they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of any relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
Select the appropriate link below to exercise your rights:
Universal LiveRamp Opt Out Tools
United States Your Privacy Choices portal
Asia Pacific Countries (except Australia), email
apaclegal@liveramp.com
Australia Your Rights portal
Canada Your Rights portal
EEA Countries
The UK Your Rights Portal
France
residents, email dpo.de@liveramp.com
Germany residents
,
email privacy.de@liveramp.com
Spain
residents, email privacy.es@liveramp.com
Italy
residents, email privacy.it@liveramp.com
Belgium residents, email privacy.be@liveramp.com
The Netherlands residents, email privacy.nl@liveramp.com
Mexico Your Rights portal