Privacy Policy
All apps from Zifigo do not collect, store or share any personal information from users.
The app is processing subscriptions for services or content, but only data about subscription expiration is stored on the iOS device. The apps do not require any kind of login or account managed by Zifigo.
All payment of Purchases, In-App-Purchases or subscriptions are handled by Apples App Store.
Terms of use
No warranty and disclaimer.  You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of this application is at your sole risk and that the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, safety, accuracy and effort is with you.  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, this application is provided ”as is” and ”as available,”+ with all faults and without warranty of any kind.  Zifigo hereby disclaims all representations, warranties and conditions with respect to this application, either express, implied or arising by law, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and/or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, completeness, quiet enjoyment, and non-infringement of third party rights.
Zifigo does not warrant that the functions contained in this application will be accurate or meet your requirements, that the operation of this application will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects in this application will be corrected.  No oral or written information, guidelines or advice given by zifigo shall create a warranty. You further acknowledge that this application and related services are not intended as or suitable for use in situations or environments where the failure or time delays of, or errors or inaccuracies in the content, data or information provided by this application or services could lead to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage, including without limitation nautical navigation or vessel traffic control systems.
Location data provided by this application or any services are for situational awareness purposes only and not intended for nautical navigation and not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed or incomplete location data could lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage, or violation of laws or any other applicable maritime regulations.  Zifigo does not warrant the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data or any other data displayed by this application or services. use of this location data is at your sole risk.
Nautical navigation is an inherently dangerous activity and should only be engaged in by persons with adequate training and experience.
This application may not contain all nautical navigation data needed for safe nautical navigation.  Only current official government charts and notices to mariners contain all information needed for safe nautical navigation.
This application is not adequate as a primary means of navigation, and should be used only as a supplement to official government charts and traditional navigation methods to aid in situational awareness of the surrounding environmental conditions.
Zifigo is not responsible for defects in this applicaton due to incorrect or missing information from chart providors or other third party sources.
No licensor has verified this application and no licensor accepts any liability for the accuracy of this application or for any modifications that may have been made to the information supplied.  Furthermore, no licensor warrants that the data meets any regulations as an appropriate product for navigation or that it contains the most current hydrographic information available.