Sep 04, 2021
Private Policy for Whiteboard App | 白板隐私保护政策 | プライバシーポリシー
Private Policy
WhiteboardApp.org
apps (“we”) respect the privacy of its users (“User” or “You”) and are committed to protect the User’s information, be it yours or your child’s. We believe that You have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when You use our mobile applications. Please read it carefully.
Non Personal Information
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any personal information.
• Does your app include third-party analytics? If so, please provide details about what data is collected for this purpose.
No, we do not include third-party analysis.
• Does your app include third-party advertising? If so, please provide a link to the ad network’s publicly-documented practices and policies for kids apps.
No, we do not include third-party advertising
• Will the data be shared with any third parties? If so, for what purposes and where will this information be stored?
No, we do not provide any sharing to third parties
• Is your app collecting any user or device data for purposes beyond third-party analytics or third-party advertising? If so, please provide a complete and clear explanation of all planned uses of this data.
No, we do not collect any user data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
WhiteboardApp.org
reserves the right, at its full and complete discretion to change, modify, amend, add, subtract, portions of its Privacy Policy at any time. We will post any updates to the Privacy Policy on this page. Please periodically check for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us: chenlidong@outlook.com
隐私保护政策
作为一家专业 app 领域负责任的开发商，您的隐私对于
Whiteboard App
至关重要。因此，我们制定了相关隐私政策，并承诺保护我们的 app 购买者、使用者、特别是儿童的隐私安全，该隐私政策描述了
Whiteboard App
系列应用对于相关信息的收集及如何使用。请仔细阅读我们的隐私政策，如有任何疑问，请告知我们。
不收集用户敏感信息
我们深知用户个人信息的重要性，特别是对于未成年人。在我们的 app 及网站中，不要求用户输入详细个人信息资料，不获取、记录用户当前地理位置信息，以及您的app使用设备的相关信息。
我们很关心您的孩子
我们的所有儿童类 app 及网站遵循有关儿童在线隐私保护条款。我们不会收集任何个人信息。
– 您的应用程序是否包括第三方分析？如果是，请提供关于为此目的收集的数据的详细信息。
不，我们不包括任何第三方分析。
– 您的应用程序是否包含第三方广告？如果是的话，请提供一个链接到广告网络对儿童应用的公开记录的做法和政策。
不，我们不包括第三方广告
– 是否会与任何第三方共享数据？如果会，这些信息会被储存在哪里？
不，我们不提供任何共享给第三方
– 您的应用程序是否为第三方分析或第三方广告以外的目的收集任何用户或设备数据？如果是，请提供一个完整和清晰的解释，说明这些数据的所有计划用途。
不，我们不收集任何用户数据。
隐私政策修改
我们可能会对隐私条款进行随时修改，并保留最终解释权。
联系我们
如果您有任何疑问，可以随时和我们取得联系，请发送email到：chenlidong@outlook.com
個人情報保護方針
について
WhiteboardApp.org
アプリ（以下「当社」）は、ユーザー（以下「ユーザー」または「あなた」）のプライバシーを尊重し、あなたやお子さんの情報を保護することをお約束します。当社は、ユーザーが当社のモバイルアプリケーションを使用する際に当社が収集および使用する可能性のある情報に関する当社の慣行について、ユーザーが知る権利があると考えています。よくお読みください。
**非個人情報
お客様が当社のモバイルアプリケーションをダウンロードして使用する際、当社はお客様にいかなる情報も提供する必要はなく、いかなる個人情報も収集しません。
あなたのアプリケーションには第三者の分析機能が含まれていますか？その場合、この目的のためにどのようなデータが収集されるのか、詳細を教えてください。
いいえ、当社は第三者の分析を含みません。
あなたのアプリには第三者の広告が含まれていますか？その場合は、広告ネットワークが一般に文書化しているキッズ向けアプリの慣行とポリシーへのリンクを提供してください。
いいえ、第三者による広告は含まれていません。
データは第三者と共有されますか？その場合、どのような目的で、どこにその情報を保存するのですか？
いいえ、第三者に提供することはありません。
あなたのアプリは、第三者の分析や第三者の広告以外の目的で、ユーザーやデバイスのデータを収集していますか？その場合は、予定されているこのデータのすべての用途について、完全かつ明確に説明してください。
いいえ、ユーザーデータを収集することはありません。
**このプライバシーポリシーへの変更 **
WhiteboardApp.org
は、その完全な裁量により、いつでもプライバシーポリシーの一部を変更、修正、改正、追加、削除する権利を有します。プライバシー・ポリシーが更新された場合は、このページに掲載します。定期的に変更点をご確認ください。
**お問い合わせ
当社の個人情報保護方針についてご質問やご不明な点がございましたら、chenlidong@outlook.com までご連絡ください。
paipaimi.org
我是小编
All rights reserved
Except where otherwise noted, content on this page is copyrighted.