SkyDemon Terms and Policies
Privacy Policies
There are several interactions we have with customers and potential customers which require that we collect personal data in order to
	fulfil the task. The extent to which we collect this data, and the situations in which it is necessary, are described below. Under the GDPR
	we have made clear the lawful bases under which all pieces of personal information are collected.
We are Divelements Limited, trading as SkyDemon, and we are a data controller of your personal data in the situations described
	below. You can contact us using the appropriate form on this website if you have questions or concerns regarding the data we may hold
	about you. We hold personal data for at least as long as we provide services to you, and then for a period afterwards where we deem it
	necessary to continue to manage our relationship with you, and also to fulfil our regulatory obligations.
We never disclose any of the personal information given to us to any third party except our payment processor, where a minimum set
	of data is transferred to facilitate the authorisation of payments. At no point is any payment information (card details) ever stored on our
	servers.
Part of our service includes cloud storage of data you may create in the course of using our product. This data, which includes routes
    you have planned and logs of flights you have undertaken, is kept on our server if you choose it to be. If your subscription expires, any
	data held will be deleted after a reasonable period has elapsed. While we store such data we may aggregate its anonymised contents for
	statistical purposes, in order to help us and others understand more about General Aviation and our customers in their work and hobby.
	Some examples of the analyses we may perform:
Understanding the relative popularity of different aerodromes
Estimating how much GA activity occurs at or around a particular location
Generating heatmaps showing the flow of air traffic across regions of airspace
The resulting data may be posted publicly or shared with third parties. It may be sold or licensed. An example use of the data would be
	to help a regulator understand where we fly most in order to minimise the footprint of new airspace structures. If you wish your data to be
	excluded from these processes, contact customer support.
We offer customers the ability to share notes, feedback and other data about airfields with other customers. If you choose to make
	such contributions, they will be deemed to have become our property.
SkyDemon collects your location data as you're flying, in order to create flight logs. You can delete these logs at any time.
While you use our service we record basic data about which features you use, and any problems you encounter. This is to help
	us fix bugs in our software and understand the relative popularity of different features.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/
Free Trials
When you sign up for a free trial we require your email address, full name and country where you live, in order to communicate details
	to you about your trial account and so that we have a bare minimum of information about who you are. We have a
legitimate
	interest
in holding these details.
We treat the starting of a trial as showing interest in our products, and from time to time we write emails to our trial users with
	information about what we've been doing. These emails are optional and can be switched off at any time.
SkyDemon Subscriptions
A subscription for our service is a
contract
with us, and in addition to the information detailed above
	for Free Trials we require your full postal address and telephone number as part of that contract. These may be used to communicate with you
	an in emergency or to help solve an issue with our service. As part of our service we offer cloud storage of user-created data such as routes, logs and aircraft
	profiles. This data will also be held for a period of time after your subscription has ended.
From time to time we write emails to our subscribers (both current and expired) with information about what we've been doing. These
	emails are optional and can be switched off at any time.
All Purchases
We have a
legal obligation
to keep all invoices we issue to all customers, for auditing purposes.
	These invoices will include such personal information as your name, email address and full postal address.
Returns and Refunds
For purchases of annual personal subscriptions you may change your mind within 30 days of making the purchase, and we will refund the
	full cost of the subscription upon request as long as you let us know your reasons.
For purchases of monthly subscriptions you may change your mind within 14 days of making the purchase, and depending upon whether
	you have used the service we will offer a proportionate refund for time you haven't used.
For purchases of gift certificates, you may change your mind within 14 days of making the purchase, and we will deactivate the certificate
	you have bought and refund your purchase in full. If the certificate has been redeemed, we will not normally be able to offer a refund.
For purchases of third-party airfield document products you may change your mind within 14 days of making the purchase, and we will
	refund the full cost of the product.
None of our policies affects your statutory rights as a consumer.