FARSIGHT STUDIOS
PRIVACY POLICY
Last revised: December 15, 2011
At FarSight, we recognize that privacy is important. This Policy applies to your use of the Pinball Arcade application on all platforms (the “Application”).
FarSight Studios (“FarSight,” “us” or “we”) has created this privacy policy (this “Policy”) to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Application.
By using the Application, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You can find the most recent version of this Policy at www.www.pinballarcade.com, with the date of last modification noted above. Such modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of this Policy whenever you use the Application to check if they have been updated. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to the revised Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of the Application. Your continued use of the Application following the posting of any modifications will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Should you have any questions regarding the use of the Policy, please contact us at the contact information listed at the end of this Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.
This Policy covers the Application. It does not cover any applications, websites, products or services that we do not control or own, or any third party features or services made available on the Application. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Application belong to their respective owners.
1. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information below through your use of the Application.
Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use the Application. Personal Information includes names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone and fax numbers, files, content, photographs, and other information you transmit or receive using the Application which identifies you or another person.
We collect Personal Information if you provide it directly to us via email or the Application. We may collect Personal Information when you send us messages, comments, questions or suggestions or if you participate in blogs, forums, message boards, chat rooms, profile pages and other services to which you are able to post information, if any, related to the Application (collectively, “Forums”).
Non-Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information” is information that does not identify you or any other individual, and includes Session and Usage Data, Log Data and Aggregate Information, each as described below.
Session and Usage Data. “Session and Usage Data” is information about your use of the Application, and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of the Application. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and location. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information.
Log Data. When you interact with us or use the Application, our systems may automatically collect your unique computer, cell phone or wireless device (collectively, “User Devices”) number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use (“Log Data”).
Aggregate Information. “Aggregate Information” is data we collect about a group or category of services or users from which individual user identities have been removed. In other words, information on how you use the Application may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Application, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our users’ needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Application.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Personal Information. We may use your Personal Information:
to respond to your inquiries, fulfill your requests, provide services, or complete transactions you have requested.
to send you information regarding the Application, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information.
to resolve problems with the Application.
to create an individual profile and provide personalized services, and to create and inform you of new products and services from us that better meet your needs.
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) in any manner permitted under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Non-Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose, including for our own internal purposes; to measure traffic patterns; to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our users; to provide, improve and modify the Application; and for promotion and marketing purposes. In some instances, we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
We may display targeted advertisements based on Personal Information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria; for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area. We do not provide any Personal Information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will assume that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
3. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED
Personal Information. In general, we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Application. We also store Personal Information to improve the functionality of the Application. All information collected is stored in our database and may be archived elsewhere. We may disclose your Personal Information:
to our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, maintenance, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, credit card processing, auditing services and other similar services, but only to the extent necessary or useful to provide such services, and only pursuant to contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your Personal Information.
to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Application.
provided by you on Forums. Please note that any Personal Information you post or disclose on Forums will become public information. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on Forums.
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process, whether originating in the United States or other territory; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; and (h) if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires immediate disclosure of communications or your Personal Information exists.
No Disclosure to Third Parties for Marketing Purposes Without Your Consent. We do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
Non-Personal Information. We may disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose. In some instances, we may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number). If we combine any Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
4. THIRD-PARTY SITES
In general, the Application accesses third party information through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party websites as a service to our users.  When you click on links of third parties on the Application, you may leave the Application. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from the Application. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party websites does not imply endorsement of such third party website by us.
5. USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using the Application (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.
6. CHOICES ABOUT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Opting Out of Marketing-Related Communications. You may opt out from receiving marketing-related emails, texts, phone messages or other communications from us on a going-forward basis by contacting us at support@pinballarcade.com.
We will try to comply with your opt-out request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt out as described above, this will apply to marketing messages from us only. We will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the database of any other users you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information (i.e., to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). Please also note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
Accessing, Changing or Suppressing Your Personal Information. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, delete or otherwise limit our use of your Personal Information that has been previously provided to us, you may contact us at support@pinballarcade.com. In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Again, we cannot remove your Personal Information from the database of any other users you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information.
If you have questions about your Personal Information, please contact us at support@pinballarcade.com.
7. SECURITY
FarSight is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your Personal Information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measure that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Personal Information or is impenetrable.
8. RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
9. OUR POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
The Application is not directed to children under 13 years of age. If you become aware that your child under 13 has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at support@pinballarcade.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. By using the Application, you are representing to us that you are not under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not use the Application and immediately delete it from your User Devices. We recommend that minors, who are 13 years old but under 18 years old, ask their parents or legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to us or anyone else by using the Application.
10. INTERNATIONAL USERS
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using the Application, you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to countries, including the United States, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy, please do not use the Application and immediately delete the Application from your User Devices.
11. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
We do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to that disclosure.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits user who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as “California Disclosure Information.”
12. SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through the Application or otherwise to us.
13. CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the Application, please contact us at support@pinballarcade.com
Thanks again for your support of our products!