Our Organization
How TED works
TED’s Curation Guidelines
Giving to TED
History of TED
Jobs at TED
Our policies + terms
TED Talks Usage Policy
Solicitation Disclosure
TED.com Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
TED Science Standards
TED Content Guidelines
TED’s Safeguarding Policy
Code of Conduct
Contact us
Press and media information
About  ›
Our Organization
›
Our policies + terms
›
Privacy Policy
Updated: July 10, 2024
Introduction
TED is a global community, welcoming people from every discipline and culture who seek a deeper understanding of the world. While gathering information about the people who use TED.com, our mobile apps, platforms and related sites (collectively referred to as “TED Sites”), we take your privacy very seriously and make every effort to safeguard your personal data. This privacy policy is intended to inform you of what information we collect, how this information is used and what steps we take to protect this information, as well as providing you a process to update, change or delete your personal data.
By using TED Sites, you agree to our privacy policy. If you wish to update your personal information or any specific consent that you have provided to TED on any of TED Sites, please contact TED at
privacy@ted.com
.
Privacy policy sections
What information we collect
How we use your data
Steps we take to protect your privacy
Our GDPR update
What information we collect
We collect three (3) types of information:
Personal information that you provide directly to us when you create an account, sign up with a subscription to TED, and save items to your profile or submit information through a form based on a specific request or purpose.
Data collected automatically such as tracking information, IP addresses or other data related to usage on TED Sites.
Cookies, to help us understand what areas of TED Sites are most useful and interesting to our audience.
We collect some information to help customize your experience based on your previous activities on TED.com.
Information you provide directly to us
Account information
At account registration, you provide personal information, such as your name, email address and password, and you have the option to provide other information. If you create an account through a user profile (such as Facebook, or other social media sites), then your information is sent from your profile to use in accordance with our privacy policy. We also collect information on your site activity when you favorite, save or watch talks.
We collect basic information you provide when you create a TED.com account or register for a conference. It's secure, and we'll never sell it.
Conference information
When required for TED Conference registration, we collect and process your personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email address, and other preferences such as profile, photos, workshop and activity choices. At times, you may be asked to provide additional information, such as payment to provide under a secure conference registration process. When you provide your credit card number, it will only be shared with verified third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction, and only the last four digits will be stored.
We need payment info to complete purchases, but we don't store credit cards except the last four digits.
TED online events
When using TED’s online event platform, we collect, process and in some cases display your personal information such as your TED profile text, badge information and photo to highlight, promote or share activity with those also participating in the event. TED may share elements of information with others in the TED community, partners, or future attendees to explain the nature of the different types of interactions that attendees can have in attending a virtual TED program.
TED shares some personal information collected during a virtual TED event with others to highlight, share and promote the event with others.
Masterclass information
When required for TED Masterclass, we collect and process your personal information including your name, address, telephone number, email address and other preferences, such as profile information, mobile app preferences, activity and logged information and details, such as prompts and notes collected within the Masterclass mobile app and/or your corresponding TED.com account. No personal payment information is collected, as it is only provided directly to the platform provider for TED Masterclass for consumers and via your organization for TED Masterclass for organizations.
This describes how TED collects information via our TED Masterclass app, available via App Store or Google play. TED may use the information from the TED account and the TED masterclass app combined to understand its users.
Subscriber information
When signing up as a subscriber to TED’s ad-free video content in TED’s iOS app, TED may collect your personal information to manage, store and process subscriber information, including your name, email address and if provided, your TED subscriber ID. No personal payment information is collected, as it is only provided directly to the platform provider for TED subscriptions where such subscriptions are available. TED does not collect, process or store any personal information from subscribers of TED ad-free video content through the iOS app unless a user contacts TED directly via support.
This describes how TED collects information via our subscribers membership, available via App Store or other third party platforms. TED may use the information to understand its users and to provide information about TED content and its community.
Member information
When signing up as a member, you agree to donate the specified amount on TED.com. By making the donation, TED processes your payment through a secured third party provider and does not collect or store your payment information. We collect your personal information to manage, store and process member information, including your name and amount of donation so that we can provide a receipt of any donations above $250.00 and send you member related information such as benefits and virtual events. In addition,  we may provide your personal information such as emails to selected trusted partners to help us provide the benefits and specified options that are available to members, such as
Amazon
,
Zoom
,
Fundraise Up
and/or other trusted providers that are provided personal information by TED for membership purposes. Privacy terms for their sites are available and are linked where indicated for further review.
This describes how TED collects information via our member donation page. TED may use the information to understand its members and to provide information about membership benefits.
Data research
TED may conduct social science research from time to time related to an interesting idea, topic or concept that TED wishes to explore further, by using information provided directly through surveys or questionnaires. TED’s use of any personal information provided in this manner will be described to you at the time of the request. Your information will not be sold and TED will use the data solely for research purposes which may include sharing collected data with trusted third parties, such as academic researchers that work with TED on these projects. The data collected during research projects may be published in aggregate/anonymous form by TED and/or research partners. In these cases, no personally identifying information will be included.
Any personal information you provide for research purposes will not be sold and will be used for purposes of exploring an idea, topic or concept that TED is researching. Any additional use will be done only with explicit permission.
Comments and other public activities
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on TED.com. "Public activities" are any actions you take on TED Sites that are designed to be visible to other users -- including comments, recommendations and ratings. Your account is public by default. If you choose to engage in public activities, any personal information you upload may be read, collected or used by third parties. Please refer to the
Community Guidelines
about how to best take advantage of our interactive sites.
We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information you choose to submit in public forums. Information shared here may be used by others, potentially to send you unsolicited messages. If publicly posted information is not consistent with our terms of use, your content may be removed. For more information, see the
TED.com Terms of Use
.
Any personal information you post publicly is visible to all users. Be mindful of what you share, as we are not responsible for what happens with this information.
Use of Mighty Networks community sites
While on community sites, (such as one powered by Mighty Networks), TED provides a digital network where your postings, comments, or submissions on that site will be visible to other users. Please refer to the Mighty Networks privacy policy to adjust your settings. If you post within that community, any personal information you upload may be read, collected or used by other community members. Please refer to the About section within the site directly for additional guidelines and which information is shared or who to reach out to for questions.
TED provides community sites to help our members connect in ways that are engaging but use a third party platform, such as Mighty Networks. This describes how it works and that their privacy policy will apply when posting within that network.
Non-personal data collected automatically
Tracking information for our site
This type of information relates to how many views are counted for each TED Talk and how many times TED Talks are saved or favorited. Other areas of the site automatically stores non-personal information about the sites’ usage, popularity, and positive or negative impact. We perform statistical analyses of users of the site, and their viewing and participation patterns, for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our audience.
We keep track of how often our audience engages with TED and do not share detailed contact information with our advertisers.
Device data
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access TED Sites, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other preferences automatically collected. Also, if using our TED Masterclass app, other personal information, including preferences and uploaded data may be collected and reviewed by TED to understand how you use the app.
We use non-personal information to help us understand how our audience views TED.
Data collected with cookies
Privacy Preferences
TED provides you the ability to change your privacy settings via Privacy Preferences to adjust the types of cookies that are collected by TED.com. While this may impact your user experience, you do have the option of turning certain cookies off.
Tracking usage
We use various technologies, such as Sailthru, Mixpanel and Google Analytics cookies, to help manage TED offerings, track the use of the content we provide, understand how our audiences are using our TED offerings, and to better personalize them. Another tool used in conjunction with cookies relates to the use of pixels, which are used on specific landing pages on TED.com to identify our users to help advertise on third party sites such as Facebook and LinkedIn to help grow our community.
To help improve site performance, TED also generates first-party cookies (which are based on TED’s use of analytic proxies and self-hosted tracking scripts) to track usage on our site. Collectively, the technologies we use across TED offerings include the list below.
standard web analytics information
behavioral advertising which allows third parties to collect cookies to help TED advertise offerings more efficiently
aggregated data about email click-through rates and video viewing
data collected through HTML cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and similar technologies
demographics and other details to help us customize our sites based on your preferences
data on view counts and video search functionality Cookies provide a mechanism for us to understand how you use the site over time so that we can provide you the best user experience according to your expressed preferences. We do not sell this information to any third party but may provide information to partners that assist us in updating, managing or maintaining our websites.
We use cookies to customize your experience. We do not sell data collected from cookies to any third party, but may provide information to partners to help us update and maintain our website.
Location information
We may collect and use your location data (such as your country) to provide a tailored, language-specific experience for your region, but we don’t collect any geolocation-specific data from you or your device. You can change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent your location data from being shared. If you wish to opt-out of tracking and cookies, please manage your privacy settings on your browser, or select other ways to turn off cookies and/or ad features.
We collect information about your location to provide you with the most localized experience possible, but never collect data from your device.
How we use your data
We use your data for limited purposes and do not sell it to any third parties. Specific uses are defined below.
TED processes information differently depending on how a user submits the information through our TED Sites. For questions, please email
privacy@ted.com
Learning about our Community
We may use the information provided by the TED Community to conduct research with trusted partners to explore ways to enrich fundraising and philanthropic efforts, such as The Audacious Project, Countdown, and other initiatives supported by donor contributions.
Providing Requested Services
We may use the data to fulfill your requests for services and information. For example, using your contact information to respond to your customer service requests, or to enable registration for one of our conferences.
Communication
We use data we collect to send email newsletters, or information about conferences and TED events (if you have opted in for this information) as well as enabling TED to invite users to provide feedback on their user experience on TED offerings. We may also use the data to send you email communications, such as information about your account, details about a program you may have shown interest in by visiting one of our sites featured in a newsletter or updates to the site. In addition, if you subscribe to any email newsletters, please note we will send you the newsletter you have signed up for and will personalize your experience on TED’s site based on your preferences. You will also have the option to unsubscribe at any time.
Enforcement
We may use the data to prevent illegal activities, to enforce the TED.com Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
Personalization
TED connects Google Analytics client ID data with TED user ID data so that we can create a more personalized experience for users, even when not logged in. TED also uses Sailthru to help us understand preferences with respect to TED courses, podcasts, blog articles, TED talks, and other available content to determine what is most relevant to users based on their prior behavior, both individually and collectively, to help gauge which content is most relevant while accessing TED content on TED.com, the TED app, or retrieving via email or other channels.
Behavioral Advertising
In order to help TED better market on third party platforms, TED works with third parties to collect information about your use of our website so that TED can provide advertising about TED’s offerings (such as products and services) tailored to your interests, including free educational resources and content recommendations. That advertising may appear either on our website, on our apps, or on other websites.
TED Legitimate Business Purposes
There are certain requirements issued by General Data Protection Regulation that permits TED to process information as long as we meet certain criteria. Some of the processing occurs behind the scenes and in order to meet these requirements, TED has evaluated the
legitimate interest exception
and based on its criteria, TED has determined that we meet the exception as it relates to processing your data based on the relationship between you and TED. To ensure you are provided with information that benefits you, the TED community and our broader society, the personal information you submit to TED is processed to maintain our relationship and used to offer you access to a range of ideas worth sharing.
Program Specific Uses
In addition to the uses identified above, we may use your personal information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your data or pursuant to your consent, such as applications for various TED programs, nomination forms and requests submitted by users including as defined below.
Countdown
TED collects and processes personal information related to Countdown to:
send information regarding the Countdown Summit to individuals
provide participants assistance such as a toolkit to connect with others to join the Countdown initiative
contact individuals where applicable to help in the Countdown initiative
The Audacious Project
TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate applications for The Audacious Project
communicate with all selected participants
work with the organizations and affiliated partners of TED to develop ideas and proposals related to The Audacious Project
Media Request Forms
TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate all requests made via the Media Licensing Request form
process media requests through our organization for licensing purposes
collect information and data regarding our license usage, permissions and scope of requests
Podcast Programming
TED collects and processes information to:
evaluate the application for participating in a current or future show
contact a participant if they are selected
if they are not selected, store the information provided for a future season of the show
TED Conferences
TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate the application for attending a TED conference or events
process payment through our third party vendors that manage secure payment processing on TED's behalf
process registrations and identifications for attendees
manage the information required for planning and running events, including exhibits, activities, parties and meals
communicate to registrants regarding notifications, newsletters, updates, and information pertaining to their application or future TED events
show participation at TED conferences through photography, recordings and video in and around TED conferences
manage store and process photos which are maintained by TED, its photographers and audio visual teams, and/or distributed to TED's partners
post photography and recordings from events on social media, and or photography sites, such as Flickr.
provide access to TEDConnect (mobile app for TED attendees) to help TED optimize the conference experience, connect attendees with each other and provide other useful information based on attendee preferences and use of the conference space. More details are provided in the terms and conditions within the TEDConnect app.
TED-Ed
TED collects and processes personal information to:
allow users to find videos across youtube.com and feature them in user-created TED-Ed Lessons (To understand the way Google processes, manages and stores any personal information, please refer to Google's Privacy Policy at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
manage and evaluate TED-Ed Club applications to organize a TED-Ed Club
connect with TED-Ed Club leaders to discuss and celebrate creative ideas, including the curriculum related to TED-Ed Clubs
access and review videos of students uploaded to the TED-Ed Clubs YouTube channel which is unlisted and only posted with specific permission
facilitate submissions, nominations, applications, and recommendations to the TED-Ed platform
save lesson progress and answers when completing activities on any TED-Ed lesson
TED-Ed for Masterclass
TED collects and processes personal information to:
manage user accounts and evaluate the user’s progress while utilizing TED’s Masterclass app
understand how the TED Masterclass app is used, and the nature and scope of how TED Masterclass impacts its users and inspires outcomes and results
connect the TED Masterclass community with events and details that may help enhance users’ experience with the app
help improve TED Masterclass with suggestions and updates provided by users regarding the functionality and features of the app
TED Translators
TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate applications for individuals that want to volunteer to translate and/or review TED Talks in multiple languages
manage and communicate with selected volunteers once applicants are selected
TED-Ed Animators or Educator Requests
TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate nominations for TED-Ed animators or educators
contact individuals for further information if needed
store information on file in case it is needed in the future
TED Fellows
TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate applications for the program and share this with selected contractors and individuals that help us with the overall process
communicate with applicants in the event they are selected for the program
store information on file in case it is needed in the future
TED Speakers
TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate nominations for TED speakers
communicate with applicants in the event they are selected for an interview or requested further information
store information on file in case it is needed in the future
connect with TED speakers that opt in to the online speaker community website and help drive new insights, events and communication among TED speakers.
TEDx
TED collects and processes personal information to:
review TEDx organizer applications to organize an independent TEDx event
communicate to TEDx organizers once selected regarding obligations, logistics, education, brand approvals, and other relevant TEDx license information
review and post TEDx videos via our TEDx YouTube channel (speaker names, talk titles, video recordings), and/or the TED.com homepage
distribute questionnaires and collect survey responses at TEDx events
share this information with third party partners to assist TED in storing information organizing the data, and/or connecting TED to platforms to share content on TED sites, or through podcasts
TED Circles
TED collects and processes personal information to:
manage TED Circles and evaluate the feedback provided by community attendees that sign up and provide consent
understand and share feedback provided to TED by TED Circles attendees and organizers such as photos, videos or audio recordings
promote, education, and highlight TED Circles to the larger TED community, and its partners if applicable.
Speaker Community (Red Circle)
If you are invited into TED’s Red Circle, TED collects and processes personal information to:
send quarterly newsletters to speakers that have participated at an official TED curated and organized event
manage events for the TED speaker community including sharing guest lists with organizers and third-party vendors that are directly involved (i.e. restaurants, venues, etc)
send out digital communications and/or invitations to events or informational content that is connected to Red Circle or TED.
Data Research
If you accept an invitation to apply to TED’s social science research programs, TED collects and processes personal information to:
evaluate information for participation in research and evaluation of a topic, idea or concept.
cross-check data provided by you with other data on publicly available social media platforms to understand the research, collect data or verify feedback.
communicate with you about the nature of the social science research and provide information, support and address questions connected to the social science program.
TED Membership Community Site
If you are invited to TED’s Membership community site, TED collects and processes personal information to:
connect members through a digital platform, powered by Mighty Networks created by TED for members that have agreed to connect with other members to share and exchange information.
track and manage events posted on the TED Membership platform
send out digital communications and/or invitations to events or informational content that is connected to TED Membership platform.
Any data that is posted via the Mighty Networks platform will be subject to their
privacy policy
.
TED Courses Beta Program
TED may invite TED members to participate in a Beta Program specifically for TED Courses, TED’s lifelong learning product currently in development. If you are invited to this program, TED collects and processes personal information to:
connect participants to access TED’s Beta Program directly or via a third-party platform (Mighty Networks) to participate in the beta version of TED's lifelong learning courses.
track and manage the participation of the TED Beta Program, provide feedback via the support or helpline and collect information regarding the TED Course development
send out invitations to continue the Beta Program, or to share information and news regarding future product offerings at TED.
Our GDPR update
As of May 25, 2018, a new privacy law, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) goes into effect. As a result, TED has implemented a number of updates in various areas across our organization to ensure we comply with the intent and spirit of the law.
Here is a summary of updates TED has implemented. We have:
added more details
to our privacy policy with respect to how TED processes, stores and manages your data.
notified users on our TED Sites that we have updated our privacy policy and terms of use through a banner, in order to help our users understand the new changes.
added consent options where users submit their personal information to ensure they are aware and agree to submitting their information prior to completing a form.
updated our vendor agreements with those third parties that manage data as a data processor on our behalf, to ensure they have appropriate safeguards in place to process, manage and secure data as required.
implemented new disclosures on all our forms where users submit their data so that users are aware of how TED processes their information.
modified our internal processes to ensure we have a way to contact users in the event that there is a breach in data storage of your personal information.
created a new way for users to reach out to privacy@ted.com about any privacy issues, such as questions or requests for modifications including deactivation of any account.
As a result of GDPR, TED has made updates to various parts of our organization to ensure we comply with the spirit and intent of the law and enhance our privacy practices.
Steps we take to protect your privacy
To protect and prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, maintain data accuracy, prevent accidental loss, destruction, damage or theft of data, TED implements and maintains security and organizational measures with commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls. Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet is 100% secure.
Remember, when visiting a third-party site from TED.com, we do not control the privacy policies of other parties, so please check before browsing on those sites to ensure you agree with their terms.
This describes how TED protects data overall, the changes we have to our privacy policy over time; and offers you options to change how TED sees your data with respect to privacy settings and advertising.
Children under age
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without verifiable parental consent. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 or under the age of 16 from the European Union without verifiable parental consent, we will delete it from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under age, please contact us at
privacy@ted.com
Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy may be updated from time to time, and when the policy is updated, the version date will appear at the top of this privacy policy. If we make material changes, you will be notified here for a period of 30 - 60 days based on our last update. As of July 2016, we added information to our privacy policy to define cookies and outline how we use this data to optimize our website based on your preferences, and made a change to our policy update section. As of May 2018, we added information to our privacy policy based on new requirements from GDPR, including more details pertaining to: what type of personal information TED collects, how TED uses this information and a process in which users can update their information. As of February, 2019, we added details on how TED uses cookies to help TED with targeted marketing on third party platforms, such as Facebook, as well as information on how to deactivate cookies when browsing the TED website based on industry tools and sites that help you personalize your settings with respect to cookies and advertising. As of September 13, 2019, we added details pertaining to the TED Masterclass app which collects information from users, and is separately available through an organizational license or directly for consumers via a platform where the TED Masterclass app is available. As of December, 2019, we added details pertaining to TED’s Countdown conference and launch. As of February 19, 2020, we added details pertaining to TED’s Red Circle community and hosting TED Circles. As of March 19, 2020, we added details regarding how TED enables users to find relevant videos on YouTube to integrate into TED Ed lessons and included Google’s privacy policy for information on how they process personal information. As of May 14, 2020, we updated the policy to include how we manage data with respect to subscriptions to TED, and TED’s online browser extension for the Healthy Internet Project. As of September 2, 2020, we updated the policy to include how we manage data with respect to donations by TED subscribers. As of December 6, 2020, we updated the policy to describe how we manage data with respect to social science research managed by TED. As of March 3, 2021, we added details on how TED uses cookies to help TED with targeted marketing on LinkedIn and updated how we collect data from individuals who sign up as a member to TED.com. As of September 8, 2021, we provided information related to TED’s membership communities that are powered by the Mighty Network platform, and included updates such as reference to their privacy policy and explained how we use data from this platform. As of January 10, 2022, we updated our policy to define how we collect information for our TED Courses beta program. As of March 3, 2022, TED updated our cookie disclosures and provide a new way for visitors of TED.com to adjust their privacy preferences. As of March 14 , 2022, we updated our Tracking Usage description to clarify how we collect and analyze data, including adding how we use pixels, share data with Mixpanel and how TED utilizes its own first party cookies to help us track usage on TED and update our communication disclosure to include collecting feedback from users of TED offerings. As of June 6, 2022, we updated our Personalization section to describe TED’s use of Sailthru, a third party vendor to help TED understand our users. As of July 29, 2022, TED has added language regarding TED’s use of personal data as it pertains to a legitimate business purpose as defined under GDPR, the General Data Protection Regulation. As of April 4, 2023, TED updated the "How we use your data" section to add "Learning about our community" explaining how we use the data provided by TED Community members to conduct research to help improve our fundraising efforts. As of July 5, 2023, TED updated the "Speaker community site (Red Circle)" section to "Speaker community (Red Circle)" as the digital platform is no longer in use. As of March 1, 2024, TED updated the Communications section to include a description that TED will send specific programmed newsletters to subscribers who provide their email address. As of July 10, 2024 we added that with respect to Member information, we intend to share certain information to provide benefits to members, including specific third party trusted vendors. As of December 4, 2024, TED included information in the Communication section relating to sending TED users information about related programs in case they visit certain pages on our site from our newsletters.
Deactivating your account and managing privacy settings
You can request that your account be deactivated at any time by contacting us. When your account is deactivated, your user profile and all public activities (such as comments) will be hidden. You can also manage who can view your TED.com profile activity in the Privacy tab of your profile's account settings. To unsubscribe from our newsletter, click on the link at the bottom of the newsletter you have received, or you can manage your subscriptions from your TED.com profile. For any other changes regarding your personal data, please contact
privacy@ted.com
with your request and we will respond to you promptly.
Deactivating target advertising
If you wish to opt out of advertising based on your browsing activities, interests and geographic location, you can opt to only receive generic advertising; for more information, please visit
http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
.
To learn more about targeted advertising, please refer to the Digital Advertising Alliance on how you may opt out:
http://www.aboutads.info/PMC
; and/or Facebook to learn more about cookies when you are on their site:
https://www.facebook.com/policy/cookies/
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mightynetworks.com/privacy-policy:
Could this be THE DECISION that changes everything?
Enter your email to get
9 SIMPLE STEPS to $1M
and a special bonus: a FREE copy of the best-selling book,
Purpose
Unlock People Magic Profit
By signing up you’re opting in to emails from us about the free masterclass, the podcast, and other helpful guides and goodies. 
 
 You can unsubscribe at any time.
You’re in!
👇👇👇
Go to the Masterclass
The link is also in your inbox
Something went wrong!
Please, try again later.
Return to home
Features
Branded Apps
Services
Pricing
Log In
Features
FEATURES
Courses
Premium learning experiences
Events
Create moments that matter
Members
Profiles built for connection
Chat
Interactions on every level
Feed
Endless engagement on tap
Livestreaming
No-stress streaming, anytime
Payments & Affiliates
Quick setup, flexible options
Automations
Put growth on autopilot
Embeds
2,000+ options available
People Magic AI
The only AI designed to create member connections
Integrations
Easy connections with your existing tech stack
Analytics
Meaningful insights to help you grow your community
View All Features
GET STARTED
High churn? Low engagement? It's time to move to Mighty
Learn More
Get your own branded apps on Mighty Pro
Learn More
View Plans
Reviews
Branded Apps
Services
Pricing
Start Free Trial
Log In
1M+
COMMUNITIES
$370M
EARNED BY HOSTS
in 2023
4.8
APP STORE RATING
51k Ratings
What Could You Do With a Mighty Network?
Let's Find Out!
Mighty Networks Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 01, 2024
Mighty Networks is a service provider of community software as a service.
Welcome to Mighty Networks!
Mighty Networks is a Service of Mighty Software. Inc. All visitors to our Service (“Visitors”) who register with the Service and join a Mighty Network are either Members or Hosts. Hosts are the organizers of Mighty Networks. Members register and participate in Mighty Networks. Hosts decide who can join their Mighty Network and whether they choose paid Member subscriptions on their Mighty Network. People who merely visit our website at
www.mightynetworks.com
(“Website”) or visit a Network without registering are Visitors (but not Hosts or Members). This Privacy Policy describes how we, Mighty Software, Inc., obtain and use information about you and your visits to our Website and your participation in a Mighty Network and your use of Mighty Networks mobile applications. To offer the personalized experience of a Mighty Network, we collect personal information about you (“Personal Data”). This policy describes how we collect, use, and share your Personal Data with your Host and other Members and third parties in connection with your use of the Service and the Website, including our mobile applications. Unless defined here, capitalized words have the same meaning as in the
Mighty Networks Terms of Use
, which this Privacy Policy is part of.
For residents of California, the EU, EEA or the UK,  the
California Privacy Notice
and
EU/ EEA/ UK Privacy Notice
supplement and form part of this Privacy Policy. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia should review the California Privacy Notice for more information about your rights and our compliance with California and other state privacy laws.
1. Information we collect and how we use it
When you visit our Website, join or create a Network, interact with us or your Host through the Service, or use our mobile applications, we, as the service provider for your Host, collect Personal Data and other information from you (collectively, “Data”). We use your Personal Data to be able to provide the Service to you:
We collect Personal Data when you share it voluntarily.
We collect some Personal Data automatically when you visit our website, use the Service or use our Mighty Networks mobile applications.
We and your Hosts use your Personal Data to provide and improve the Service, understand how you and other Members are using Mighty Networks and to inform you about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Data does not include Your Content or User Generated Content. As we explain in our Terms of Use, you (and the people you license Your Content from) keep complete ownership of all Your Content. By posting Your Content on the Service, you grant us a license to use it, but you and your licensors still own it.
A. Personal Data you provide directly
‘Personal Data or Personal Information’
means any information relating to you from which you can be identified, directly or indirectly, including your name, identification number, location, online identifier such as your IP address or device ID, or one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
‘Special Categories of Personal Data’
means data revealing your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and data concerning your health, sex life or sexual orientation.
‘Aggregated Data’
is data in a summary form for statistical analysis. A common purpose of aggregation is to get more information about particular groups based on specific variables such as age, profession, or income level.
‘Pseudonymisation’
means the processing of your personal data in a way that the personal data can no longer identify you without the use of additional information, so long as the additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures to prevent you from being identified or identifiable. We store and use your Personal Data together with an ID we assign each time you join a new Mighty Network. We assign you one ID per Mighty Network to ensure you have a personalized experience in each one.
Name and Email Address.
When you register as a Host or Member of a Mighty Network, we ask you for your real name and your email address. Both we and the Host of the Mighty Network receive access to this information and use it to communicate with you about the Service. In addition, we and your Host may use this address to email you about products or services believed to be of interest to you. If you are a paying Host or Member, we may also collect your mailing address and zip code for billing purposes. Hosts may decide to collect your mailing address, via our Service.
Social Media Profiles.
You can also register with your Facebook or LinkedIn account. When you register this way, you give us permission to access your Facebook or LinkedIn profile and photo. Your profile and photo will become part of your Mighty Network profile. See below for more information on Integrated Services like Facebook and LinkedIn.
Profiles and Topics.
When you join a Mighty Network, you will be prompted to add a profile, including a short bio, and to choose topics to follow (“Topics”). From this information, Mighty Networks personalizes your experience in each Mighty Network. Your Host can also choose and customize categories of Personal Data to collect from you including, if you agree, Special Categories of Personal Data.
Your Location.
We ask you for your location so that we can facilitate interactions with other Members in your geographic area. In addition, if you opt-in our mobile app collects your GPS location information. If you enable location features, or do not disable GPS on your mobile device, other Members may be able to see your location.
Other Personal Data You Provide Directly.
You may also provide us Personal Data when you use certain features of the Service such as participating in conversations or polls in your Networks, contact us with inquiries, or respond to one of our surveys. When you agree to participate in a recorded livestream or other Mighty Network event, you share your voiced comments and images of your face on camera.
B. Personal Data and Information we collect automatically
You have the option of registering using an Integrated Service, such as Facebook. If you choose to do this, your profile picture and other Personal Data in your profile on the Integrated Service will become part of your profile on Mighty Networks. Please see the section below on Integrated Services for more detail.
Information About Your Use of the Service and Website.
Our servers automatically record your visits to the Service and the Website. Like all other website and mobile app servers, ours compiles a log that records the date, time, browser (i.e., Firefox), device type (i.e., iPhone), operating system (i.e. Android), and originating IP address of each page you visit.
We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your visits to our Website and Service. Cookies are text files placed on your computer by websites to collect standard log information and visitor behavior information. Our cookies collect the following information about you: which website or ad you visited right before ours, which pages you visited on our Service, and how much time you spent on each section of our Service. We may also collect other data about your visit, such as search requests and results. We use this information for our legitimate interests to track usage of our Service, to measure the number of unique visitors to the different sections of our Service, to understand how Members find and join Mighty Networks (ad effectiveness), and to help us make our Service more valuable to every Host and Member. The use of this information is called “analytics.” Often information used for analytics is aggregated.
Instead of cookies, sometimes we or our service providers, such as Google, use hashed data, such as email addresses, to measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
Our mobile applications on iOS (Apple) and Android (Google) have to interact with our computer servers. We assign your device a token so that you do not have to log in every time you use the Service via our mobile apps.
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some of our Service features may not work properly without cookies. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. For more information about cookies visit
https://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Information About Your Location.
From your IP address, we can tell generally where you are when you are accessing our Service, such as which city. We start by choosing a location for you based on the IP address of your Internet connection. You can update or remove this location at any time by logging in to your account on the Service.
C. Personal Data and Information Third Parties collect automatically
Third-Party Cookies for Site Use Analysis.
We use third parties such as Google to help us analyze how people are using our Service. We also use the Google Analytics service to provide us with demographic data about our Visitors, Hosts and Members, such as age and gender. Google uses a cookie that can be recognized by Google or its affiliate DoubleClick when you visit other websites. For more information about how Google collects, uses, and shares your information, please visit the Google Privacy Policy-Partners website at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Third-Party Cookies Used to Target Host Ads on Other Websites.
“Beacons” are transparent pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage across websites and over time. Our Hosts may use their own or third party cookies or beacons to target Host ads to you when you visit other websites. Our Hosts may also work with other companies who use their cookies or beacons to target third party ads to you on other websites based on your prior visits to the Host’s Network on our website Service. This is called online behavioral advertising (“OBA”), because you receive ads based on your prior online behavior. We do not have access to these cookies; it is third parties who engage in OBA.
Third-Party Cookies Used to Target Mighty Networks Ads on Other Websites.
We work with third parties to serve ads about the Service through websites, platforms, and services operated and owned by third parties. Often these ads are targeted at people who are Site Visitors or Mighty Network Members.
2. Our Sharing of your Personal Data and other information
We consider personalizing your Mighty Networks experience an important part of our Service. We want you to understand what Personal Data gets shared with your Hosts, other Members of your Mighty Networks, other Hosts or Members of our Service, and other third parties as part of the Service.
‘Third Party’
means a person or company who is not a Host or another Network Member, and government bodies and public agencies and authorities. Third Parties include our service providers whom we authorize, through a data processing agreement, to process your personal data or information to help us with: development, maintenance, and support of our websites and mobile applications, marketing and advertising, marketing research and analysis, communications, and customer service. We do not permit our Third Party service providers to use your personal data for any other purpose. We do not share Personal Data with any person or company unless we have an agreement with them that controls their use of the data.
‘Processing’ or ‘Process’
means any operation or set of operations performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, including by automatic methods, such as collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, adapting or altering, retrieving, consulting, using, disclosing, transmitting, sharing or otherwise making available, aligning or combining, restricting, erasing or destroying.
‘Consent’ or ‘Agree’
means your freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous expression of your wishes through a statement or other clear affirmative action such as checking a box which indicates your agreement to our processing of personal data relating to you.
If you are not comfortable with this type of sharing, don’t use our Service.
A. Personal Data shared within the Service
Your Host.
Your Host, or Hosts if are there more than one, will have access to your name, email address, and all personal or contact information that you provide when you register for that Host’s Mighty Network. In order to facilitate Member engagement, our Host will also have access to Data regarding your usage activity, in both aggregated and personally identifiable forms. For example, Hosts will be able to see aggregated Member activity within a Mighty Network, as well as specific information like how many people cheered in response to a comment you made. Your Host also will be able to associate Your Content, and any Personal Information it contains, with your contact information. Your Hosts may communicate with you outside of the Service about the Mighty Network or relevant topics of interest to you, and may retain your personal information after you leave the Mighty Network, unless you request otherwise. Hosts have committed in the Mighty Networks Terms of Use (/terms-of-use) to comply with applicable laws and regulations about their handling of Data and not to sell your information to third-parties. You should only join a Mighty Network if you are comfortable sharing your personal information with the Host of that Mighty Network.  If your Host has an additional privacy policy covering the Host’s use of Personal Data, you should review it carefully to understand how your Host may use Personal Data.
Searching and Messaging by Others.
Visitors to our Service may be able to search for you by your name and location if you are a Member of a Mighty Network. Members of your Mighty Network can search for you by location, Topics, or other personal information so that they may message you within the Mighty Network. Whether your information is available to other Visitors and Members depends on whether the Mighty Network is Paid, Public, Private, or Secret.
Public, Private, Secret, and Paid Mighty Networks.
A Host can select whether to make a Mighty Network Public, Private, Secret, or Paid.
In
Public
Mighty Networks, all Visitors (including Hosts and Members) can see your name and photo (“Profile”), as well as Your Content and activity. Unless your Host specifies otherwise, in a Public Mighty Network, search engines like Google index all public activity, including Profiles.
In
Private
Mighty Networks, any Visitor can find the Mighty Network, but cannot enter without an invitation or membership request approval. Only Hosts and other Members can see Profiles, Your Content, and activity.
In
Secret
Mighty Networks, only Members directly invited can find a Secret Mighty Network. It is not available to search engines. Only Hosts and other Members can see Profiles, Your Content, and activity.
In
Paid
Mighty Networks, any Visitor can find the Mighty Network, but cannot enter without paying the fee. Only Hosts and other Members can see Profiles, Your Content, and activity.
Personal Information Included in Your Content.
If you include personal information in Your Content, it will be displayed to other Members based on the privacy levels defined above.
B. Personal Data and Information shared with Third Parties
Integrated Services.
If you have used the option to register using an Integrated Service, such as Facebook, we share your information with the operators of the Integrated Service. More information is in the sections below entitled “Integrated Services.”
Business Transfers.
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Agents, Consultants and Third Parties Whom We Have Contracts With.
Mighty Software, Inc., like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include emailing information to you, maintaining our Website, databases and mobile applications, processing payments, marketing and advertising, marketing research and analysis, and customer service. When we employ another company to perform a function of this type, we only provide them with the Personal Data and Information they need to perform their specific function and we do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform the tasks we have asked them to do for us or to comply with legal requirements. Our list of the Third Parties we use to assist us with our personal data or information needs is
here
Legal Requirements.
We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) cooperate with a legal investigation or a request from a government authority, (iii) protect and defend the rights or property of Mighty Software, Inc., (iv) protect the legal rights, safety, and security of users of our website and the Service, (v) protect our legal rights and legitimate interests, and those of our business partners, service providers, and customers; (vi) prevent fraud; (vii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public, or (v) protect against legal liability.
C. Aggregated data shared
We disclose aggregated statistics, such as number of Hosts and Members, in order to describe our Service to current and prospective business partners, and to our Third Party service providers for our legitimate interests and other lawful purposes.
3. Your Personal Data Rights
You have rights regarding the Personal Data and Information we have about you.
You may object to, or restrict, our collection, use, sharing, transfer and/or storage of your personal information. You may also request a copy of the information that we have about you. You may also ask us to correct or remove personal information you think is incorrect.
To the extent that a Host (the data controller) is using the Service to process your personal information, you may contact the Host to object, restrict, access, correct or delete your personal information. If you need help finding contact information for your Host’s privacy officer, please contact us at
help@mightynetworks.com
If you have a registered account in the Service, you may object, restrict, access, correct, or request deletion or a copy of some or all of your Personal Data or Information by logging in to your account.
If you do not have a registered account in the Service and you would like to object, restrict, access, correct, delete, or request a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email, write, or call us at the following address:
dpo@mightynetworks.com
. Mighty Software, Inc., 2100 Geng Road, Suite #210, Palo Alto, CA 94303, Phone: 415-935-4253‬.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time.
Please note, we will keep your personal information for as long as necessary for us to provide the Service to you. We will also keep and use your personal data or information to comply with laws including tax laws and other applicable laws. We will also keep your Personal Data and Information as necessary for backup, archiving, audit, preventing fraud, resolving disputes, and troubleshooting problems.
If you are a California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, or Virginia resident, please see our
California Privacy Notice
for more details about our compliance with California’s and other state privacy laws.
If you are a member of the EU/ EEA/ UK, please see our
EU/ EEA/ UK Privacy Notice
for more details about our compliance with EU/ EEA/ UK privacy laws.
4. Your choices and rights
A. Join Mighty Networks and Hosts you trust
You decide the Mighty Networks you want to join. You also decide whether you trust your Host with the information sharing described in this policy.
B. Public, Private, Secret, or Paid Mighty Network settings
A Host can choose to make a Mighty Network Public, Private, Secret, or Paid as described above.
C. Adjust your notification settings
In your account settings, you can control the frequency, type, and mode of notifications you receive through the Service. You can choose to be notified by email or mobile alerts, both, or neither. You can choose to turn on or off your notifications by type, such as cheers on your posts and direct chat messages.
D. Opt out of email
We would like to send you information about our services that you may be interested in. If you have agreed to receive marketing messages from us, you may opt-out at any time. We provide an opt-out link at the bottom of each email message.
Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your opt-out request to take effect. If you continue to receive marketing messages from us or a Host after you opt-out, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.
E. Opt out of Google Analytics
To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics,
click here
for instructions.
F. Opt out of Google behavioral advertising
To opt out of Google behavioral advertising,
click here
to see your Google ad settings.
G. Opting out of other tracking
Please see our
Cookie Policy
for important information about non-Google cookies that are placed by us or by our business partners on your computer, mobile phone or other device and how to opt out. We do not have access to, nor does this Privacy Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device by non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks, or any other non-affiliated third parties. If you would like to learn more about OBA or to opt out of having this information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to deliver targeted ads, please visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
, or if you are located in the UK, European Union/European Economic Area, please visit European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) Your Online Choices website at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
H. Deleting cookies
To manage or delete browser cookies, please see your browser’s privacy settings.
I. Global Privacy Control
Some browsers and browser extensions support the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating your choice to opt-out from certain types of data processing, including data "sales" as defined under certain laws. In certain territories, when we detect such a signal, we will make reasonable efforts to respect your choices indicated by a GPC setting as required by applicable law.
J. Do Not Track
Some browsers include a "Do Not Track" (DNT) setting that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Unlike the GPC described above, there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal; therefore, our Website and Service do not respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls and advertising controls described above.
K. Mobile Advertising ID Controls
iOS and Android operating systems provide options to limit tracking and/or reset the advertising IDs.
5. Account termination
You can leave one or more of your Mighty Networks, or delete your Mighty Network account (on a Network by Network basis). As soon as you leave, we stop collecting your Personal Data for that Mighty Network. See this article for more information:
https://faq.mightynetworks.com/hc/en-us/articles/204991129
.
6. Exclusions
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Mighty Software, Inc. outside the Service, such as a telephone call. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Mighty Software, Inc. through the Service or through any other means, such as information posted to any public areas of the Service, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Mighty Software, Inc. shall be free to reproduce and use such Unsolicited Information without limitation or attribution. We respect your copyrights in Your Content, as outlined in our Terms of Use.
7. Disputes with Hosts or other Members
Mighty Networks cannot control the actions of Hosts or other Members; if you have a privacy-related dispute with a Host or another Member, you should contact that person directly. You should alert us
help@mightynetworks.com
if you believe that a Host or another Member has violated this Privacy Policy or our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
8. Children
Mighty Networks does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not use the Service or submit any Personal Data through the Service. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Mighty Networks through the Service, please contact us at
help@mightynetworks.com
and we will look to delete that information from our databases.
9. Links to other web applications
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Service. The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Mighty Software, Inc. (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Service do not imply that Mighty Software, Inc. endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information about their privacy policies and practices. For example, please be aware that when you click through to a YouTube channel from a Mighty Network, YouTube is collecting personal information according to the YouTube privacy policy.
10. Integrated services
One of the special features of the Service is that it allows you as a Member to enable various online Third Party services, such as social media and social networking services like Facebook and LinkedIn (each, an “Integrated Service”), to integrate directly into your Mighty Network. By directly integrating these services, we make your use of Mighty Networks richer and more personalized. To enable Integrated Services, we will ask you to authorize Mighty Networks to access the Integrated Services (or vice versa). When you add an Integrated Service account to a Mighty Network (or vice versa), your log-in information, Personal Data, non-personal data, location information, your content, your Mighty Network name, your Mighty Network location, your Mighty Network affiliation, profile photo, Facebook Connect ID, Profile (if you are integrating your Facebook account) and other relevant personal information may be passed through to, or received from, the Integrated Service in connection with your use of the Service. We may import, use, disclose, and retain such data and information to, among other things, customize and improve the Service for you and others. Note that Integrated Services may also import, use, and retain this information. You may be able to control how certain information is shared with us in your privacy settings within the Integrated Services. However, please remember that the manner in which Integrated Services collect, use, store, and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of the companies operating those Integrated Services, and we shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Integrated Service that may be enabled within the Service.
If you have elected to integrate your Mighty Networks with an Integrated Service, we may share your information with Integrated Services. This may happen when you first register with Mighty Networks, when you log into Mighty Networks from time to time, or in emails or other communications we may send you consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may from time to time share your Personal Data and anonymous data, your location information, your Mighty Network Membership, your Mighty Network URL, your location, and your use of certain features on Mighty Networks with Integrated Services to facilitate and enhance your use of the Integrated Services. Please keep in mind that services provided by Integrated Services are not provided by us and therefore your use of the Integrated Services will be governed by the Integrated Services’ Terms of Use and other policies, and that the collection, use, and disclosure of information provided by you or us to Integrated Services is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
11. Security of Your Personal Data
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures including encryption, aggregation, and pseudonymization to protect your Personal Data provided via the Service from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet, email, or other electronic transmission is ever 100% secure or error free, so we cannot guarantee that your Personal Data will never be accessed, used, or disclosed, so you should take special care in deciding what information you share on the Service.
“Phishing” is a scam designed to steal your Personal Data or Information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for information about you, please contact us at
help@mightynetworks.com
.
12. Your state privacy rights; additional details for all users
Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia should review the
California Privacy Notice
for more information about your rights and our compliance with California privacy laws.
Even if you are not a resident of these states, we encourage you to review the California Privacy Notice for more details on how we collect and share your Personal Information.
13. Your EU/ EEA/ UK privacy rights
Our Service is provided from within the United States and subject to state and federal laws of the United States. If you are located outside the United States, your Personal Data is being transferred to, stored, used, and shared in the United States.
If you are a resident of the EU/ EEA or UK, please see our
EU/ EEA/ UK Privacy Notice
for more information about your rights and our compliance with applicable laws.
14. Access to information; contacting us
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please update your account settings or contact us at the email address below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Service.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Mighty Networks’ Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Service. Our email address for privacy issues is
dpo@mightynetworks.com
. Our postal address is Mighty Software, Inc., 2100 Geng Road, Suite #210, Palo Alto, CA 94303.
15. Changes to Mighty Networks’ Privacy Policy
We keep this Privacy Policy under regular review, and we will notify you when we make material changes in the future. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data to us. We will also place any updates on our website. This privacy policy was last updated on the date indicated at the top of this document.
16. Conflicting Provisions in Hosts’ Privacy Policies
We have no liability or responsibility for the privacy policies or practices of our Hosts or other actions of any Integrated Service that may be enabled within the Service. In the event of a conflict between the Host’s privacy policy and Mighty Network’s Privacy Policy, Mighty Network’s Privacy Policy governs.
App Store
Play Store
Find us on YouTube
Find us on Instagram
Find us on Facebook
Find us on Twitter
Find us on LinkedIn
Find us on YouTube
Find us on Instagram
Find us on Facebook
Find us on Twitter
Find us on LinkedIn
App Store
Play Store
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
SECURITY & TRUST REPORT