Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Notice
GTxcel respects the privacy of all of its users and customers. This Privacy Policy applies to all information GTxcel collects or processes. By accessing content and using interfaces hosted by GTxcel, you agree to our web content Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree with our policies, your choice is to not to access the web content or provide us with your information. Please review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about GTxcel’s policies regarding the information we collect.
What Data is Automatically Collected:
GTxcel does not automatically collect any personally identifying information. We keep track of certain information about End Users when they view and interact with GTxcel customer content. This information includes, but is not limited to, the content viewed, the links that are clicked on, the time spent viewing content, how content is shared, location, device information and referer. GTxcel does not store any personally identifying information including, but not limited to, name, address, and email address.
What Data is provided by End Users:
We collect and store an End User’s email address if the End User chooses to provide it directly to us when prompted for the purpose of gaining access to certain GTxcel customer content and customer service requests. If at some point in the future the End User no longer wishes to maintain that access they may request their email address be removed by notifying GTxcel via an email to Privacy@GTxcel.com.
How is the Data Stored:
Where:
GTxcel data is stored in the US. Analytics data is stored by Mixpanel, you can reference their privacy policy here:
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
How Long:
GTxcel generally stores data for as long as our customers use our platform or as long as they request.
Cookies Used on Our Website:
Audit Cookies
: Used to track compliance-related activities. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Performance and Functionality Cookies
: Cookies such as "cache" and "article_zoom_level" store temporary data and user preferences to enhance performance and accessibility.
Analytics Cookies
: Mixpanel cookies collect anonymized data about user interactions to help improve website functionality. These cookies do not store personally identifiable information.
Session Cookies
: Session cookies maintain your session state and track accessed features for troubleshooting and analytics.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Website may contain links to third-party websites or other online platforms. Clicking on these links may allow third parties to collect or share information about you. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the products sold or information provided through these websites, nor any association with their operators. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their data practices or privacy statements. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personally identifiable information.
How is the Data Used:
We use end user data to authenticate and/or deliver content and tracking data to improve user experience. Anonymous analytics information is provided to customers.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age and you must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this Website. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you believe that we have collected, used, or disclosed personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us using the contact information above so that we can take appropriate action.
How is the Data Shared:
We share personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the information, products, or services you have requested or authorized.
In addition, we share personal data as follows:
Our subsidiaries and affiliates share common data systems and process personal data as needed to provide our products and operate our business.
We share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions.
We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or at transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
We will also access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data when we believe that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers and others, for example to prevent spam or attempts to commit fraud, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or
protect the rights or property or ourselves or others, including enforcing our agreements, terms, and policies.
Finally, we may share de-identified information in accordance with applicable law.
Please note that some of our sites include references or links to products and services provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide personal data to any third parties, or consent to our sharing personal data with them, that data is governed by their privacy statements.
EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
If the processing of personal data about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of personal data;
If any automated processing of personal data is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal data in a usable and portable format;
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing;
You can object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal data under certain circumstances; and
For residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death.
To make such requests or contact our Privacy@GTxcel.com.  When we are processing data on behalf of another party that is the “data controller,” you should direct your request to that party.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing personal data about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The following describes your rights regarding personal information we process about individuals covered by California laws. “Personal information” has the meaning as defined under such laws.
CCPA
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), beginning January 2020 you have certain rights with respect to that information.  In particular, you have a right to request that companies provide you with the following information:
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
The purposes for collecting, using, or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with which we share personal information.
For companies that disclose personal information for a business purpose, the categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose
For companies that “sell” personal information, the categories of personal information sold about you and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which the personal information was sold.
To make such requests, contact us at Privacy@GTxcel.com.
Note that we have provided the information described in (2)-(5) in this privacy statement. With respect to (6), please note at this time GTxcel has chosen not to sell information to third parties.
You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. Finally, you have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising rights set out in the CCPA.
Shine the Light.
Additionally, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing Privacy@GTxcel.com. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated e-mail address.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
