Home
Legal
Service Privacy Policy
Service Privacy Policy
Find information on the types of personal data we collect through our services and interactions with you, and how this data is processed by our services when you use them. This policy was last updated on 9 May 2024.
Download PDF
Get updates
The basics
How your personal data is collected
How we use your personal data
How we process personal data lawfully
How we use automated decision-making
Who we may share your personal data with
Other important things to know
The basics
The basics
Who we are
Egress Software Technologies Limited is a company based in the United Kingdom and is the parent company within our group (which means that it owns the other companies). We use the words we, us, and our to refer to our business in this document. You can find out more about us and our group at
www.egress.com/about
.
What is ‘personal data’ or ‘personal information’
It is difficult to provide a single definition which applies wherever you are located as the definitions used around the world differ, sometimes quite subtly.  Generally, it means something akin to information that “relates to an identified or identifiable natural person”.  As well as personal data/personal information, you may hear other phrases such as sensitive data, NPI (non-public personal information) and PHI (protected health information) and so on.  These are specific kinds of personal data that may have additional obligations in relation to how they are stored, shared and otherwise processed.
In this document we refer to personal data.
Who holds your information
We store and process your Content and Smart Data on your behalf.  These contain personal data. Which company in our group is responsible for this will be set out in your agreement with us which will be either our
online subscriber terms
or your organisation’s contract with us if you are a user within a business account. We describe what we mean by Content and Smart Data a little further down.  You can contact us at
privacy@knowbe4.com
or through our
webform
to exercise your rights .
We do collect and process some other types of personal data which we also explain below.  These are held by Egress Software Technologies Limited.  We hold this personal data for and on behalf of ourself and the other companies in our group.
How long we hold your information for
We keep personal data for the periods set out in our data retention policy.  You can always find the current version of this document at
www.egress.com/legal
.
Where your information is stored
The table below explains the different ways that we talk about the data we hold and process. We use this data, which may contain personal data, to run our business and deliver our services to you.
Information you control
What it is / means
Where it is stored
Content
the files, data, text, audio, video, images and other materials that you transfer, store, share or host through use of our service.
UK, EU, US, Australia.  If you register online, this is determined by your location at the time you subscribe.  If you are a business, then you may specify your preference during discussions with us.
Smart Data
(specific to our Prevent service)
the record of your individual email behaviour and the associations that you have with recipients that our Prevent service learns from processing, collecting and analysing your email activity, this includes email metadata (‘metadata’ means data that provides information about other data).
Smart Data is created by analysing your emails and prompts you before sending an email to review things Prevent thinks may be wrong (e.g. wrong attachment, wrong recipients).   Where relevant to the services that you use, this information is also used for adaptive risk reporting within the Egress Security Centre
Information we control
What it is / means
Where it is stored
CRM Information
the information that we hold about our relationship with you (which includes any information shared to assist both of us in resolving any questions or support requests).
UK and EU
System Data
(a) usage statistics, system logs, performance and security data, feedback data, records of support requests, and aggregated data about how our websites, services, software, support and apps are used (e.g. performance counters, access logs, metrics and associated metadata, unique identifiers for devices, technical information about the devices used, the network, operating system and browsers); and (b) data identified as malicious (e.g. malware infections, cyberattacks, and unsuccessful security incidents).
UK, EU, US, Australia
Threat Data
(specific to our Defend service)
Inbound emails and identified data which may be, for example: (a) malicious; (b) indicative of cyberattack or other threat; or (c) capable of use to exploit vulnerabilities, conduct malicious activity, malware or ransomware infections, data theft or unauthorised access, cyberattacks or other activity. This data set includes data that can be derived from our services for adaptive risk reporting.
UK, EU, US, Australia
Remember, we do not control the countries that you access our services from.  When a user responds to your secure email, their response will be stored where their service is hosted (which may not be the same as you).
Selling information
We do not sell or rent your personal data to third-parties.  This is a concept that is referred to in a number of State laws in the United States (including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia and Nevada).  Note that ‘sale’ does not include situations where we disclose personal data at your direction, or when it is otherwise permitted by law.
Security measures
We put a lot of effort into keeping your personal data secure and confidential. It is very important to us. We have technical and organisational measures and tools in place to appropriately protect it. These help prevent accidental, unauthorised, or unlawful access, use, loss, destruction or damage to it. We use administrative (e.g. training our employees on privacy and information security), technical (e.g. pseudonymization or encryption techniques, and the use of firewalls), and physical (e.g. locks and video surveillance at our office premises) measures.
Access to your personal data is limited to employees, agents, contractors and third-parties that we have carefully checked.  They only have access where they have a business need to do so.  They will only process personal data on our instructions and are subject to duties of confidentiality.
Still, no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have questions about the security of your personal data, or if you have reason to believe that the personal data that we hold about you is no longer secure, please
contact
us right away.
The rights you have in your
personal data
You can find out about the rights you may have in the personal data that we hold about you
here
.  On that page, you will also find the contact details of our Data Protection Officer.
Opting out of marketing information
If you no longer wish to receive direct marketing emails from us, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive.
Doing your part
It is important you make sure the personal data that we hold about you (and if you are a business, your users) is accurate, up-to-date and relevant. Tell us promptly if there are any changes by emailing us
here
.  Please also make sure you are legally able to use our services and to process information through them (in the UK and the EU this is referred to having an identified ‘lawful basis’).
How your personal data is collected
How your personal data is collected
From you when you
subscribe to our services
log into or use your Egress account
fill out forms on our website or apps
use our website, apps and services
communicate with those who use our services (see more on that below)
contact us
take part in our competitions and promotions
attend webinars (we may record our webinars and keep a record of attendees)
communicate by email with our customers
From other parties such as
companies or individuals that introduce you to us (like our
partners
)
credit reference agencies
third-party data providers who we purchase information from
publicly accessible records
government and law enforcement agencies
Microsoft where, if you use our
add ins
, you grant us permission to access each email you send or receive in order to encrypt or decrypt it (if you use Protect), process Smart Data (if you use Prevent) and/or Threat Data (if you use Defend)
Open Source Intelligence (OSINT) providers such as HaveIBeenPwned
From other parties who
use our services
fill out forms on our website or apps and provide personal data about you
contact us and provide personal data about you
fill out forms on websites or webforms that we host on behalf of one of our customers
deliver other services to you and who you choose to integrate with our adaptive risk scoring service within the Egress Security Centre
From cookies
You can find out more about the cookies on we use on our website in our
Cookie Policy
.  For information about cookies that we use to deliver our services, check out our
Product Cookie Policy
.  Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites and online services you communicate with. Whilst there is no industry standard that governs what, if anything, we should do if we receive such a signal, our website will not set cookies if your browser is set to ‘do-not-track’.
IP addresses
When you visit our website, apps or use our services we record your IP address
.
This may be kept in log files or matched against public or proprietary databases to provide us with information about your visit. It may identify the organisation to whom the IP address is registered (and in some cases enable us to identify you).
Remember, if you communicate with us and with organisations that use our services
Your emails and their associated metadata will be routinely monitored to protect against outbound risk (such as misaddressed emails), inbound risk (such as phishing) and to improve the accuracy of the guidance provided by our services. This monitoring may include the processing of certain information about you (e.g. the strength of your association with the sender/recipient, and the trustworthiness of your domain).
Lastly, you may provide us with information about other people….
This could be Content which belongs to another person.  You must make sure you have the rights and permission to do so.  By providing it, or sending it via, or uploading it to, our services, you confirm that you do.
How we use your personal data
How we use your personal data
We use the data that we collect for a few reasons, examples of which are given below.
Managing our relationship with you and/or your organisation
communicating with you
retaining appropriate financial and business records
contacting you in relation to potential sales opportunities, and to understand you and/or your organisation better
creating reports or profiles for marketing and analytics purposes
contacting you and any relevant regulator in the event of a data breach where required to do so
Delivering our services
providing our service access and support to you including
providing reporting analytics and risk insights about your organization
providing guidance on our services
responding to, and resolving, complaints, queries, requests and support tickets
ensuring our services are working properly
pro-active maintenance and investigations
alerting you to issues or updates to the services you subscribe to
Meeting our contractual obligations or rights
managing payments between us
meeting and performing our audit obligations
recovering money owed to us or our group companies
responding to requests made by you in relation to your information
exercising our rights under our contract with you or applicable law
Legal and regulatory risk management
detecting and preventing crime
security and operations management
managing risk for us, our group and our customers and users
complying with our and our group’s legal obligations
keeping records accurate and up-to-date
running our business in an efficient and proper way
Innovation and service  improvement
identifying new features, functionality and ways to meet customer and user needs
studying how customers and users use our websites, apps and services
creating anonymous reports and statistics
creating anonymous data sets
using Threat Data and System Data to improve, update and modify the service (including any block/allow lists, threat analysis, reports and records)
If you subscribe to our Prevent service, we do not use analysis of your behaviour (or, you are a business, your users' behaviour) to provide insight to other organisations and users (this is sometimes called ’cross-tenant insights’)
Marketing and promotion
enabling you to participate in competitions and promotions
developing and carrying out marketing activities
How we process personal data lawfully
How we process personal data lawfully
This table shows the main basis we rely on to process personal data. Sometimes there may be a secondary basis for the same type of processing (like keeping a financial transaction and then sharing it with authorities). If we share personal data, we only do so after careful consideration of whether it is necessary and lawful to do so.  We will only share information where we have a contract with the receiving party which requires them to keep the information just as secure as if we store it, or where we are legally required to make the disclosure.
Action
Lawful Basis
Description / examples
Managing our relationship with you and/or your organisation
Contract, Legitimate Interest, Consent, Legal Obligation
Respond to your enquiries; pro-actively and re-actively manage your relationship with us; contact you; respond to your support calls and complaints; track engagement; notify you and any relevant regulator where we are legally or contractually required to do so.
Delivering our services
Contract
Providing you with access to the services you subscribe to; provide guidance; ensure our services are functioning properly; alert you to updates to your services.
Adaptive Risk Scoring
Substantial Public Interest
Providing you with a reporting dashboard, when you choose to integrate with third party sources or one or more of our services, identify likely sources of risk within your organization
Use of sub-processors
Contract, legitimate interest
Using cloud infrastructure to deliver our services
Meeting our contractual obligations or rights
Legal obligation, Contract
Sending and receiving of payments; recover money owed to us.
Exercising our contractual rights
Legitimate Interest, Legal Obligation
Exercising or enforcing our rights under our agreement with you
Legal and regulatory risk management
Legitimate Interest,
Legal Obligation
Managing regulatory risk
Detect and prevent crime or breach of compliance obligations
Legitimate interest
Enabling us to detect and report criminal activity
Responding to Law Enforcement and obeying our legal obligations
Legitimate Interest, Legal Obligation
Assisting legal authorities where required or responding to legal or regulatory requests
Innovation and service improvement
Legitimate interest
Identifying new features, functionality and ways to meet customer needs; testing and releasing new features and functionality; creating anonymous reports and statistics
Marketing and promotion
Legitimate interest, Consent
Promote and grow our business; creating anonymous reports and statistics; enabling you to participate in promotions
System Messages
Legitimate Interest
Notification of business updates and renewals
Creating anonymous reports and statistics
Contract, Legitimate Interest
Showing a count of dangerous emails an organisation receives.
Carry out audits
Legitimate Interest,
Legal Obligation
Evidence effective security processes and procedures
How we use automated decision-making
How we use automated decision-making
Some of our services make use of machine learning.  These services always involve some kind of meaningful human interaction during the processing activity. This means that if a particular risk is identified, or action is carried out, it has been done so by confirmation of a person after being alerted. That person may be yourself or a member your organisation’s administrative or security teams setting an allow/deny list.  Where we have verified a particular as a verified risk (such as a malware/ransomware email), then it may be automatically blocked. In these scenarios an administrator can always unblock any potential ‘false-positive’ restriction.
Risk scoring uses profiling of a customer organization’s emails using a number of sources. The scoring is adaptive using the best available information at any given time.  Customers that choose to integrate with additional third party sources will have an enriched score. This means that by combining public sources of verified data, the accuracy of risk scoring increases. This information is presented to customers so they can make informed risk-based decisions. This might include an admin team choosing to set policy-led decisions being set to automatically apply. For example, an email with certain keywords may have encryption enforced.
Who we may share your personal data with
Who we may share your personal data with
Sub-Processors
You can find details on our Sub-Processors
here
. These third-parties provide key services to us that enable us to deliver our services to you or to run our own business operations. They are only authorised to use your personal data where this is necessary to provide the services to us that we request from them, and we have contracts in place with them that require them to comply with applicable law.
Examples of where they are involved include where they provide:
hosting platforms (such as Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services) which we use to host our services
Customer relationship management platforms
Ticketing, online chat, out-of-hours support calls and other support service platforms that we use to provide our support services to you
Multi-factor authentication services
Mail relay delivery services
Webinar, conference calls and remote access services
Digital marketing platforms used to send out marketing communications
Online editors (such as Microsoft Office Online) embedded in some of our products
Where personal data is transferred outside of the country or region that you are located in, we will ensure that it is subject to appropriate legal and technical safeguards as required by local law.
Law enforcement requests
We reserve the right to disclose personal data to comply with laws and legal or regulatory demands which apply to us, our group or our services. You can find out more on our approach
here
.
Online purchases
If you purchase a paid-for subscription to our services through our website, then limited personal data about you and your purchase will be shared with relevant payment service providers.  Personal data may be used by those providers in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms to complete your purchase, manage your relationship and any future renewal, and to comply with applicable law.
Transfer of rights
We and our group companies reserve the right to transfer obligations, rights and permissions to any organisation to which we or they may transfer business or assets.  This includes if a third-party is exploring investing in or purchasing us (or a relevant part of our group or assets).
Other important things to know
Other important things to know
Data Privacy Framework
Egress Software Technologies Limited complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Egress Software Technologies Limited has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Egress Software Technologies Ltd has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Egress Software Technology’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Egress Software Technologies Ltd commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship. This is provided at no cost to you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Egress Software Technologies Ltd commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to PrivacyTrust, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United Kingdom.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://privacytrust.com/services/data-privacy-framework/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of Privacy Trust are provided at no cost to you.
You have the right, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. Further details may be found in the
DPF Annex I
.
Egress Software Technologies Limited shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if we or our third parties transfer or process such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
Complaints
If you have a complaint relating to our services you can raise it by
emailing us
or by calling +1-800-732-0746 (if you are in North America) or +44 (0) 20 3973 1333 (for anywhere else).   Please note calls may be recorded and/or monitored for quality assurance and compliance purposes. Call recordings are stored in the United Kingdom.
If your complaint relates specifically to the processing of your personal information, please email us
here
.
You may also have the right to make a complaint at any time to a Supervisory Authority (such as the
Information Commissioner's Office
(ICO) in the UK).  We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach a regulator so please
contact
us in the first instance.
You can find our detailed Complaints Policy at
www.egress.com/legal
.
About us
We are Egress Software Technologies Limited, for and on behalf of ourself and our group of companies.  You can find out more details about us at
www.egress.com/about
and you can contact us at
info@egress.com
. When contacting us we strongly recommend you do not email us confidential or personal information. If you do, it is at your own risk although the terms of this policy will apply to our use of that information.
Receive updates to this page
By signing up to this list you will receive notification on any changes to our:
Subprocessors
Service Privacy Policy
Data Retention Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
*
Email Address:
Sign up for notifications