Privacy Policy:
NCM is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. We recognize our obligation to keep sensitive information secure.
Protection of you Personal Information:
Your personal information is available only to the authorized employees who have a need to know it in order to provide the service that you have requested. In addition no site user information will be shared, sold or transferred to any third party without your prior consent. Therefore; you have to make sure that the information that you have provided while registering in the portal is fully provided and accurate, and to ensure that you will not try to log in to the portal using different username.
The NCM may collect, store, and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about portal users’ computers and about their visits to and use of the NCM portal.
Information voluntarily provided to the NCM through use of the NCM portal.
The NCM may use portal users’ personal information to:
send email notifications, announcements, information or other marketing communications; and
communicate and follow up about enquiries, suggestions and complaints.
The NCM will not disclose personal information to third parties, except as provided below:
when required to do so by law; and
in connection with any legal proceedings.
The Changes in Privacy Policy:
NCM reserves the right to make any modification to the terms of the Privacy Policy from time to time without giving a notice to do so. If you wish to continue using the portal after we have applied these modifications to the Privacy Policy, then this means that you have accepted these changes.
Cookies:
The National Center of Meteorology uses visitors cookies to customize the content of the center's website, to be able to measure and enhance the performance of the site through your visit to it, which allows to save your preferences registered with us, as well as to help us understand how you use our website, which allows us to improve your experience of using our site without that we are able to determine your identity or disclose any personal data to any party without obtaining a request from you or targeting you individually. It also enables us to identify you when you reuse our platforms to welcome you by name, provide your details and remember your preferences.
Mobile Applications & Location data:
While using NCM mobile apps, we ask users to enable detection of their geographic location.
User's location data won't be saved in our servers or shared with third parties but just used to show relevant weather data or show user's position inside NCM weather maps.
User will have the option inside our apps to either accept or reject location detection (precise or approximate).
Location information will never be used to target any ads or promotions. This information will be used temporarily while using the app and will be cleared after closing it.
This website use cookies files to personalise web content, analyse visits and store your preferences ..
More
I Agree