Laudate Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Laudate Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By using Laudate app, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this app are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download a copy of the Laudate (information or software) for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Laudate's app;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Laudate at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials withing Laudate app are provided on an 'as is' basis. Laudate makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Laudate does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials withing its app or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Laudate or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials in Laudate's app, even if Laudate or a Laudate authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing in Laudate's app could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Laudate does not warrant that any of the materials are accurate, complete or current. Laudate may make changes to the materials contained at any time without notice. However Laudate does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Laudate has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its app and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Laudate of the site. Use of any such linked entities is at the user's own risk.
7. Modifications
Laudate may revise these terms of service for its app at any time without notice. By using this app you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is Laudate's policy to respect your privacy regarding any of your information while operating our app. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand that Laudate DOES NOT collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will NOT collect any personal information of the individual concerned.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will NEVER retain any personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Laudate may change this privacy policy from time to time at Laudate's sole discretion.
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
AJ
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2017
(1)
▼
January
(1)
LaudateApp
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it