Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We at Quatrian Inc. ("QI", "we", "us", "our") understand how
						important privacy and security are to you. Please read the
						remainder of this Privacy Policy and contact us if you have any
						questions or concerns to feedback@quatrian.com. By using the
						Quatrian Inc. apps and services you acknowledge that you accept
						these terms. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you
						should not use our software.
Effective as of September 1, 2013.
What does this Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of user information
						including the treatment of personally identifiable information.
The treatment of the personal information of children
If you are below the legal age limit to form a binding
						contract (in most places, 18 years of age), you may use the apps
						only after you receive your parent or guardian's express consent.
Information Collection and Use
All Quatrian apps do not require you to have an account in
						order to be used. If you have an Apple Game Center account you do
						get access to additional Game Center functionality such as leader
						boards, achievements and in some cases online play with other Game
						Center users. QI does not have access to the user's Game Center
						account settings and all changes to this account must be performed
						using the Apple Game Center app.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better
						understand the functionality of our apps. This 3rd party software
						may record information such as how often you use the software,
						what features you use, performance data and where the application
						was downloaded from, but it does not in any way associate you or
						your devices with this data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The
						most current version of the policy will govern our use of your
						information and will always be available at privacy.php. By
						continuing to access or use our services, you agree to be bound by
						the revised Privacy Policy.