English
Français
Español
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: March 26, 2024
It is important to Passport that you understand our privacy practices.  We have updated our Privacy Policy to clarify the information we collect, how we use and protect it, and the choices you have across various Passport applications.  If you have any questions or concerns, you can always contact us at
privacy@passportinc.com
. See section 18, for a list of applications that Passport manages.
Introduction
About Passport
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
How We Share Information
Your Choices
Access
Children’s Privacy
Retention
Security Safeguards
Changes to This Policy
Third Party Services, Applications, and Websites
Cross-Border Transfers
Applicability of Law; Partner Agreements
Data Controller
Your Rights
Passport Managed Applications
Contact Us
1. INTRODUCTION
At Passport Labs, Inc. (“
Passport
”), we respect the privacy expectations of our users and commit to complying with all applicable data protection and privacy laws. This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes who is responsible for the information we collect, the types of information we collect, how we use, share, retain, and protect this information, and the choices you, as one of our users (“
Users
”), have with respect to its access and use.
This Policy applies to Passport mobile applications and Passport websites (collectively “
Services
”), unless specified otherwise. In this Policy where we use the words “
personal information
” we use these words to describe information that is about you and which identifies you.  We encourage you to read this Policy in full to understand our privacy practices before using our Services.
2. ABOUT PASSPORT
Passport provides a software platform that, where available, enables you to manage and pay for parking, parking citations, transit tickets, permits, tolling fees, and ancillary services through our mobile applications or websites and applications or websites of affiliates or partners with whom we integrate, such as in-dash applications in vehicles and map applications.
We partner with transit agencies, local governments and interlocal agencies or partnerships, tolling agencies, colleges, universities, hospital systems, and other public and private operators (our “
Partners
”) when they provide the above services, in order to improve their operations and to simplify and personalize your interactions with such services. Our collection and use of your information is designed with these purposes in mind.
We offer the following products, services and applications (“
Apps
”):
Parking:
Passport’s Mobile Pay App (or any white-label/private-label implementations thereof) allows Users to pay for on-street parking (e.g., metered spaces) and/or off-street parking (e.g., surface lots or garages) and manage their accounts through the Mobile Pay App (or the web version accessible via internet browsers).
Transit:
Passport’s Mobile Transit App (or any white-label/private-label implementations thereof) allows Users to pay for and manage their transit tickets (e.g., on buses and rail systems) through the Mobile Transit App.
Permits:
Passport’s Digital Permits platform allows Users to purchase and manage permits for parking.
Citation
Resolution:
Passport’s Parking Enforcement Software allows parking enforcement agencies to use our software to issue citations, while Users can resolve citations by using Passport’s online portal.
Tolling:
Passport’s Tolling Software allows Users to pay for and manage tolling fees.
Relating to our Apps, we offer our Partners a back-office system to manage and analyze their operations with respect to our Services.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect your information in the following ways:
from you through your use of our Services (such as in the course of your interactions with the Services or your communications whether by phone, email, chat, text, through the Apps or otherwise);
from our Partners, service providers, and other third-party sources, when you have been made notified of such information-sharing, whether pursuant to this Policy or otherwise, or when the information is publicly available (such as the location and identifying details about your vehicle);
from other sources such as Departments of Motor Vehicles or other databases containing driver information, but only when we have an agreement with or the permission of such entities to lawfully obtain the information and to ensure its appropriate use and retention.
The types of information that we collect are:
Information about you and your Passport account
– Any information that you voluntarily provide such as name, email address, phone number, password, PIN, marketing preferences, and license plate number.
Device information
– Operating system, browser type, IP address, device type, and device version. We collect this information automatically when you use our Services.
Geolocation information
– If you have enabled location services on your device we may use such services to collect the geographic location of your device when you use the Services. Some services may not function as designed if location services are disabled.
Vehicle information
– Insurer, vehicle registration number (VIN), registration expiration date, license plate number and state, vehicle make/model/color, and registered address.
Financial information
– Credit card number, expiration date, billing zip code, name on credit card, and/or similar account information for alternative funding sources that you may associate with your account.
Marketing information
– Marketing preferences (for example if you sign up to receive certain marketing communications), information about your interaction with, and responses to, our marketing communications, entries to contests, discounts, or rewards.
Social media information
– When you interact with us through various social media, for example, by liking us on Facebook or following us on Twitter, or by logging into our services through Facebook or other social media accounts where available, we may collect information including your email address, gender, location, and age. The information we receive from your social network depends on your privacy settings. You should always review, and, if you prefer, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Services. We may also collect anonymized, aggregated social media information about you based on information you have provided in the course of using the Services.
To learn about your information collection choices and to opt-out of data collection, see the “
Your Choices
” section below, and, for individuals located in the European Union/European Economic Area (
“EU/EEA”
), see also the “
Your Rights
” section below.
4. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We use your personal information in connection with the provision of the Services to you.  In particular, your personal information may be used by us, our employees and our service providers for the purposes described below.  For Users in the EU/EEA, for each of these purposes, we have also set out the legal basis on which we use your personal information.
If you are located outside the EU/EEA, by providing Passport with your personal information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information by Passport in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not provide any Personal Information to us.  You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and on reasonable notice to Passport, but then you might not be able to receive the full benefit of Passport’s services.
We use collected information to:
Communicate with you about your account and use of the Services.
These communications are for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision of the Services), and depending on the circumstances, to perform a contract between you and us. This communication includes:
Providing information to help you use and navigate the Services.
Supporting and responding to your inquiries when using the Services.
Sending updates and notifications about the Services.
Providing you with your transaction history.
We may communicate with you via in-app notifications (also known as “push notifications”), text messages, emails, and/or telephone calls. Data and message rates apply.
Communicate with others about your account use of the Services.
These communications are for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision of the Services). This communication includes:
Developing reports and providing information as required by our Partners and other service providers, such as payment processing entities.
At your request and on your behalf, contacting authorities regarding unpaid citations.
Responding to all lawful access requests from law enforcement or other government authorities.
Provide our Services.
This activity is for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision of the Services), and depending on the circumstances, to perform a contract between you and us. This activity includes:
Operating the Services.
Managing your account on your behalf, including correcting any errors, updating or terminating your account, and ensuring that your data is retained as required for audit and compliance purposes or as required by law.
To audit and monitor the use of the Services.
This activity is for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision of the Services, as well as to monitor, maintain and improve the security of the Services).  We may request your consent in circumstances (e.g., in relation to our use of certain cookies).  This activity includes:
Analyzing and monitoring usage.
Maintaining security, preventing fraud, and enforcing our policies.
Complying with applicable laws.
Examining and remediating any Services outages or malfunctions.
To notify you about changes to the Services
. This activity is for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision of the Services).
To improve our Services.
This activity is for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision and improvement of the Services). This activity includes:
Improving and personalizing the User experience.
Creating aggregated and anonymized data to identify trends, errors, and opportunities for enhancements.
Conducting and using data analyses to improve the Services or to develop new features or products
Process your transactions
, to help you manage your transactions and process payments on your behalf. This activity is for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision of the Services), and depending on the circumstances, to perform a contract between you and us. This includes, in some cases, serving as the merchant of record or payment gateway provider.
Market and advertise to you,
in accordance with your marketing preferences and, where relied upon, your consent. This activity is for our legitimate interests (i.e., the provision and promotion of the Services).  We may request consent in circumstances where a legal justification over and above legitimate interest is required by applicable law.  This activity includes:
Contacting you about services we offer, including details of any services which we believe may be of interest to you.
From time to time, using your contact information to administer and conduct surveys or notify you about promotional activities such as contests, discounts, or rewards for ourselves or third parties. You may opt out from receiving these kinds of communications.
To enforce any of our rights and to enforce or apply the agreements concerning you
, such as in connection with a dispute or an attempt to collect unpaid amounts, for all other legal purposes, including to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations. This activity is for our legitimate interests and for compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.
Where we rely on our legitimate business interests or those legitimate interests of a third party to justify the purposes for using your personal information, this will include:
pursuit of our commercial activities and objectives, or those of a third party;
compliance with applicable legal and regulatory obligations and any codes of conduct;
improvement and development of our business operations and service offering, or those of a third party; or
protection of our business, shareholders, employees and customers, or those of a third party.
5. USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use common information-gathering tools to collect data when you are using our Services, such as cookies and other tracking technologies, to remember settings, track activities within the Services, and analyze trends. We may obtain reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual and aggregated basis.
Cookies
– We use session-based and persistent cookies. Session cookies exist only during one session whereas persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn off your device. You can control the use of cookies at the browser level. If you reject or delete cookies, some Services may no longer function as designed. Each browser provides different mechanisms for managing cookies; your browser’s help menu can assist you in determining the best way to modify your browser’s cookie storage. For more information about how to control or delete cookies, visit
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Analytics
– We use Google Analytics and Google Analytics for Firebase to measure how you interact with our websites and Apps to improve your experience. To learn more about Google Analytics’ privacy practices and opt-out mechanisms,
click here
, and
click here
to learn more about Firebase Analytics’ privacy practices and opt-out mechanisms.
We also use Facebook Analytics to measure how you interact with our website to improve your experience. To learn more about Facebook Analytics’ privacy practices and opt-out mechanisms,
click here.
Finally, we may store certain information in server logs, including IP address and device information, and collect and store information on your device using local storage objects; other tracking technologies we use include scripts, tags, MAC address, IMEI device number and pixels.
“Do-Not-Track” Technologies
– We do not respond to web browser “Do-Not-Track” signals.
Third Party Tracking
– Third parties, other than our service providers (such as our website analytics provider), do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior to and after visiting the Services. That said, we cannot control third party tracking and there may be some third party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.
6. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We share information about you with third parties in the following manner:
With external companies and vendors with whom we partner to operate our business, who provide payment processing, website hosting, data analytics, information technology, marketing, customer service, email delivery, audit, debt collection and similar services.
With our affiliates as allowed by law.
If you participate in promotional activities such as surveys and promotions, we may share your information with our service providers and other third parties relating to such activities.
We share certain information with our Partners in accordance with this Policy and any applicable provisions of our Partner agreements, so that they may appropriately provide services and support to you or so that we may appropriately provide services and support to them as required by our agreements.
As part of merger, acquisition, or sale of substantially all of our assets, if your personal information is to be transferred to a party unaffiliated with Passport, we will provide you with notice prior to transferring your personal information to the new entity. Notice will be provided directly through our Services.
With our professional advisers, such as accountants and lawyers that assist us in carrying out our business activities.
With government authorities and third parties involved in court action, including external agencies and organizations (including the police and the relevant local authority) for the purpose of complying with applicable legal and regulatory obligations.
When we believe that disclosure is (1) reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (2) necessary to enforce the provisions of the Policy; (3) required to enforce our terms, including investigation of potential violations; or (4) necessary to investigate or protect against actual or threatened harm to the rights, property, or safety of Passport, our Users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties
.
You acknowledge and agree that we cannot be held liable for actions or omissions of any party with whom we share your information, and such information will be governed by such parties’ policies, procedures, and practices.
7. YOUR CHOICES
You can notify us of your preferences about how your information is used during your account registration process, and change your preferences by contacting us directly or by changing your settings in our Apps directly where available. For ancillary services provided by Passport that are not necessary for the proper operation of our Apps, you may also limit the use and disclosure of your data or revoke your consent, where relied upon, by contacting us directly or changing your settings in our Apps directly where available.  For ancillary services provided by third parties, such as marketing emails and third-party communications, you may limit the use and disclosure of your data or revoke your consent by contacting such service providers directly.
Marketing emails
– You can choose to stop receiving marketing emails from Passport by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails. Passport is not responsible for marketing emails sent by our Partners.
Third-party communications
– You may opt in to receive emails or other communications from our Partners, vendors, or affiliates. If you opt in, you may be subject to such parties’ separate privacy policies.
Push notifications
– You can opt out of receiving push notifications through your application or device settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact the functionality of our Services.
Account
– You can stop Passport from collecting information through your Passport account by ceasing to use our Services. You can also contact us to delete or modify certain account information at the email address listed in the Contact Us section below.
Please note that Users may not opt out of critical service messages, such as emergency alerts.
8. ACCESS AND CORRECTION
It is important that the information about you contained in our records is accurate and complete.  If your personal information happens to change during the course of our relationship, please keep us informed of such changes.  You can access, review, update, and object to the processing of your information, as well as cancel your user account, by contacting our customer support team at the email address listed in the Contact Us section below. We will respond to your request at our earliest opportunity and within any response periods required under applicable law.
9. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, or under the applicable legal age in jurisdictions outside of the United States, and we do not knowingly collect information from them.
10. RETENTION
We retain your information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our rights, or as reasonably necessary for business purposes. Where appropriate or legally required, we retain your information on our servers even after deletion or termination of your user account to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our rights.
11. SECURITY SAFEGUARDS
We use reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized use, access, loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Notwithstanding our security safeguards, it is impossible to guarantee absolute security in all situations. If you have any questions about the security of our Services, please contact us using the email address listed in Contact Us section below.
12. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We periodically update this Policy to account for changed legal and operational circumstances and to describe new features, products, or services, and how those changes affect our use of your information. Any changes we make to this Policy in the future will be posted on this page, and, if we make material changes to this Policy, we may provide notification through our Services or directly to you; in any case, you may choose to discontinue using our Services if you do not wish to accept the changes. The updated Policy will take effect as soon as it has been updated or otherwise communicated to you.  We encourage you to review this Policy for updates each time you use our Services.
13. THIRD PARTY SERVICES, APPLICATIONS, AND WEBSITES
Certain third-party services, websites, or applications you use, or navigate to from our Services may have separate user terms and privacy policies that are independent of this Policy. This includes, for example, websites owned and operated by our Partners or service providers. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party services or applications. We recommend carefully reviewing the user terms and privacy statement of each third-party service, website, and/or application prior to use.
14. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
Our Services are global and data (including personal information of Users) may be transferred, stored and processed in any country where we have operations or where we engage service providers. Currently we have operations or engage service providers in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom and India. We may transfer data to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country, subject to any applicable laws. Data hosted within and outside of your country of residence may be accessed by Passport personnel located in the U.S. We take appropriate measures to ensure that any such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws and that your data remains protected to the standards described in this Policy.
For Users located in the EU/EEA, if we transfer your personal information outside of the EU/EEA, we will establish the necessary means to ensure an adequate level of data protection. This may be an adequacy decision of the European Commission confirming an adequate level of data protection in the respective non-EEA country or an agreement on the basis of the EU Model Clauses (a set of standard clauses issued by the European Commission).  For Users located in the EU and in Switzerland, with respect to the transfer of personal information to the United States, please see our Privacy Shield Notice (
https://www.passportinc.com/privacy-shield/
).  Passport complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and Users can learn more about our Privacy Shield certification in our Notice.
15. APPLICABILITY OF LAW; PARTNER AGREEMENTS
As discussed earlier, Passport may have an agreement with a Partner when operating the Services in a certain area.  Our Partners and our Users are located in different jurisdictions in which we operate, and therefore we may have varying privacy obligations depending on the applicable jurisdiction and on our privacy obligations under the applicable Partner agreement.   It is our policy to comply with the applicable privacy law and with the applicable Partner agreement.
If any of the foregoing provisions of this Policy conflict with how Passport may collect, use, share, retain, or transfer your information under any applicable international, state, federal, provincial, or other territorial laws, Passport will comply with such law or laws accordingly.
16. DATA CONTROLLER
We, Passport Labs, Inc., are the data controller for the purpose of data protection law, in respect of your personal information collected and used through your use of the Services.  This is because we dictate the purposes for which your personal information is used and how we use your personal information.
Our Partners may act as data controllers for the purpose of data protection law when they offer you the services, or any part thereof.  Please refer to the privacy policies of our Partners for more information.
17. YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a User located in California, Passport’s Notice of Collection (
https://www.passportinc.com/ccpa-notice/
) provides notice at or before the point of collection, about the categories of personal information to be collected from you and the purposes for which the personal information will be used. Please review our Notice of Collection prior to browsing our website or providing us with any personal information.
California law grants California residents certain privacy rights and imposes restrictions on particular business practices, described more fully in our Privacy Policy for California Residents (
https://www.passportinc.com/ccpa-notice/
):
Right to know: California residents have the right to request and, subject to certain exemptions, receive a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the individual to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance. California residents also have the right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have handled their personal information in the prior 12 months.
Right to delete: California residents have the right to request, at no charge, deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted, except where an exemption applies. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law.
Passport does not and will not sell personal information.
If you are a User located in the EU/EEA, then you have certain additional rights with respect to your personal information under the General Data Protection Regulation.  The rights may only apply in certain circumstances and are subject to certain exemptions.  Please see the table below for a summary of your rights.  You can exercise these rights using the contact details under the “
Contact Us
” section at the very end of this Policy.
Summary of your rights:
Right of access to your personal information
You have the right to receive a copy of your personal information that we hold about you, subject to certain exemptions.
Right to rectify your personal information
You have the right to ask us to correct your personal information that we hold where it is incorrect or incomplete.
Right to erasure of your personal information
You have the right to ask that your personal information be deleted in certain circumstances.  For example (i) where your personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise used; (ii) if you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal ground for which we rely on for the continued use of your personal information; (iii) if you object to the use of your personal information (as set out below); (iv) if we have used your personal information unlawfully; or (v) if your personal information needs to be erased to comply with a legal obligation.
Right to restrict the use of your personal information
You have the right to suspend our use of your personal information in certain circumstances.  For example (i) where you think your personal information is inaccurate and only for such period to enable us to verify the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the use of your personal information is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information and request that it is suspended instead; (iii) we no longer need your personal information, but your personal information is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the use of your personal information and we are verifying whether our grounds for the use of your personal information override your objection.
Right to data portability
You have the right to obtain your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and for it to be transferred to another organization, where it is technically feasible. The right only applies where the use of your personal information is based on your consent or for the performance of a contract, and when the use of your personal information is carried out by automated (i.e. electronic) means.
Right to object to the use of your personal information
You have the right to object to the use of your personal information in certain circumstances. For example (i) where you have grounds relating to your particular situation and we use your personal information for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party); and (ii) if you object to the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on consent to use your personal information.
Right to complain to the relevant data protection authority
You have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authority where you think we have not used your personal information in accordance with data protection law.
18. PASSPORT MANAGED APPLICATIONS
ParkAlbany
AHS Parking
eParkAnnArbor
ParkCC
ParkRTC
Asbury PARK
ParkATX
ParkBZN
Buffalo Roam
MobileMeter
Park Cheyenne
CincyEZPark
ParkEvanston
ParkFerndale
FC Parking
Lauder Parking
MOTU
Park KC
GoNewHaven
ParkNorfolk
ParkOmaha
ParkingKitty
SA Park
ParkStAug
GoTucson
ParkTYB
ParkVictoria
ParkWhitePlains
Woonerf
MetroParking
MacKay Pay
SpotOn
ParkByApp
GoParkCity
PassportParking Canada
ParkSavannah
PassportParking
Go 502
ParkSLC
Park Princeton
Park Duluth
Passport Parking
ParkOakPark
19. CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Policy or our information handling practices, please contact us at
privacy@passportinc.com
or write to us at:
Passport Labs, Inc.,
Attention: Privacy Officer,
128 S. Tryon Street, Suite 1000,
Charlotte, NC 28202 USA
You can also submit your questions through our
Contact Us form
.
POLITIQUE DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ
Dernière mise à jour: 26 Mars 2024
Il est essentiel pour nous, chez Passport, que vous compreniez nos pratiques de confidentialité. Nous avons mis à jour notre Politique de confidentialité afin de préciser les renseignements que nous recueillons, comment nous les utilisons et les protégeons, et les choix qui vous sont offerts à travers les différentes applications de Passport. Si vous avez des questions ou des inquiétudes, vous pouvez toujours communiquer avec nous au
privacy@passportinc.com
. Reportez-vous à la section 18 pour obtenir une liste des applications gérées par Passport.
Introduction
À Propos de Passport
Les Renseignements Que Nous Recueillons
Comment Nous Utilisons Les Informations
Utilisation De Fichiers De Témoins Et D’autres Technologies De Suivi
Comment Nous Partageons Les Informations
Vos Choix
Accès et Correction
Confidentialité Des Enfants
Rétention
Mesures De Sécurité
Modifications De Cette Politique
Services, Applications Et Sites Web De Tiers
Transferts Transfrontaliers
Applicabilité De La Loi; Accords de Partenariat
Contrôleur Des Données
Vos Droits
Applications gérées par Passport
Contactez-nous
1. INTRODUCTION
Chez Passport Labs, Inc. («
Passport
»), nous respectons les attentes de nos utilisateurs en matière de confidentialité et nous nous engageons à respecter toutes les lois applicables en matière de protection des données et de confidentialité. Cette Politique de confidentialité («
Politique
») décrit qui est responsable de l’information que nous recueillons, les types de renseignements que nous recueillons, comment nous utilisons, partageons, conservons et protégeons ces renseignements, et les choix que vous avez, en tant qu’un de nos utilisateurs («
Utilisateurs
»), en ce qui concerne l’accès et l’utilisation.
Cette Politique s’applique aux applications mobiles Passport et aux sites Web Passport (collectivement appelés «
Services
»). Dans cette Politique, lorsque nous utilisons les mots «
informations personnelles
», nous utilisons ces mots pour décrire les informations qui vous concernent et qui vous identifient. Nous vous encourageons à lire cette Politique dans son intégralité pour comprendre nos pratiques de confidentialité avant d’utiliser nos Services.
2. À PROPOS DE PASSPORT
Passport fournit une plate-forme logicielle qui, lorsqu’elle est disponible, vous permet de gérer et de payer le stationnement, les contraventions de stationnement, les billets de transport en commun, les permis, les droits de péage et les services auxiliaires via nos applications mobiles ou sites Web et les applications ou sites Web d’affiliés ou de partenaires avec lesquels nous sommes intégrés, tels que des applications intégrées dans des véhicules et des applications cartographiques.
Nous travaillons en partenariat avec les agences de transport, les gouvernements locaux et les organismes ou partenariats interlocaux, les agences de péage, les collèges, les universités, les systèmes hospitaliers et autres opérateurs publics et privés (nos «
Partenaires
») afin d’améliorer leurs opérations et pour simplifier et personnaliser vos interactions avec de tels services. Notre collecte et utilisation de vos renseignements sont conçues dans ce but.
Nous offrons les applications, produits et services suivants («
Applications
»):
Stationnement
– L’application de paiement mobile de Passport (ou toute mise en œuvre de marque blanche ou de marque privée) permet aux Utilisateurs de payer le stationnement sur rue (p. ex., stationnement payant) et/ou le stationnement hors rue (p. ex., terrains de stationnement et garages) et gérer leurs comptes via l’application Mobile Pay (ou la version Web accessible via les navigateurs Internet).
Transit
– L’application de transport mobile de Passport (ou toute application de marque blanche/marque privée) permet aux Utilisateurs de payer et de gérer leurs billets de transport (p. ex., sur les autobus et les systèmes ferroviaires) via l’application Mobile Transit.
Permis
– La plate-forme de permis numériques de Passport (Digital Permits) permet aux Utilisateurs d’acheter et de gérer des permis de stationnement.
Règlement de contraventions
– Le logiciel de mise en application des règles de stationnement de Passport (Parking Enforcement) permet aux organismes d’application des règles de stationnement d’utiliser notre logiciel pour émettre des contraventions, tandis que les Utilisateurs peuvent régler les contraventions en utilisant le portail en ligne de Passport.
Péage
– Le logiciel de péage de Passport (Tolling) permet aux Utilisateurs de payer et de gérer les frais de péage.
En ce qui concerne nos Applications, nous offrons à nos Partenaires une application d’arrière-guichet pour gérer et analyser leurs opérations en ce qui concerne nos Services.
3. LES RENSEIGNEMENTS QUE NOUS RECUEILLONS
Nous recueillons vos renseignements de la manière suivante:
auprès de vous par votre utilisation de nos Services (par exemple dans le cadre de vos interactions avec les Services ou de vos communications, que ce soit par téléphone, par courrier électronique, par clavardage, par texto, via les Applications ou autres);
auprès de nos Partenaires, fournisseurs de services et autres tiers, lorsque vous avez été informé de ce partage d’informations, que ce soit en vertu de la présente Politique ou autrement, ou lorsque l’information est publiquement disponible (tel que l’emplacement et les détails d’identification de votre véhicule);
provenant d’autres sources telles que les Divisions des véhicules à moteur ou d’autres bases de données contenant des informations sur les conducteurs, mais seulement lorsque nous avons un accord ou une autorisation de la part de ces entités pour obtenir légalement l’information et en assurer une utilisation et conservation appropriée.
Les types de renseignements que nous recueillons comprennent:
Informations sur vous
et sur votre compte Passport
– Toute information que vous fournissez volontairement telle que votre nom, adresse électronique, numéro de téléphone, mot de passe, NIP, préférences commerciales et numéro de plaque d’immatriculation.
Informations sur l’appareil
– Système d’exploitation, type de navigateur, adresse IP, type d’appareil et version de l’appareil. Nous recueillons ces informations automatiquement lorsque vous utilisez nos Services.
Informations de géolocalisation
– Si vous avez activé les services de localisation sur votre appareil, nous pouvons utiliser ces services pour recueillir l’emplacement géographique de votre appareil lorsque vous utilisez les Services. Il se peut que certains services ne fonctionnent pas comme prévu si les services de localisation sont désactivés.
Informations sur le véhicule
– Assureur, numéro d’immatriculation du véhicule (NIV), date d’expiration de l’immatriculation, numéro et province de la plaque d’immatriculation, marque/modèle/couleur du véhicule et adresse enregistrée.
Informations financières
– Numéro de carte de crédit, date d’expiration, code postal de facturation, nom sur la carte de crédit et/ou informations de compte similaires pour d’autres sources de financement que vous pourriez associer à votre compte.
Informations commerciales
– Préférences commerciales (par exemple, si vous vous inscrivez pour recevoir certaines communications commerciales), informations sur votre interaction et vos réponses à nos communications commerciales, entrées à des concours, rabais ou récompenses.
Informations sur les médias sociaux
– Lorsque vous interagissez avec nous via différents médias sociaux, par exemple en nous « aimant » sur Facebook ou en nous suivant sur Twitter, ainsi qu’en vous connectant à Facebook ou à d’autres comptes de médias sociaux, nous pouvons recueillir des informations y compris votre adresse courriel, sexe, emplacement et âge. Les informations que nous recevons de votre réseau social dépendent de vos paramètres de confidentialité. Vous devez toujours vérifier et, si vous préférez, ajuster vos paramètres de confidentialité sur les sites Web et services tiers avant de les lier ou de les connecter à nos Services. Nous pouvons également recueillir des informations à votre sujet sur les médias sociaux anonymes et agrégés en fonction des informations que vous avez fournies au cours de l’utilisation des Services.
Pour en apprendre davantage sur vos choix en ce qui concerne la collecte d’informations et pour vous désinscrire de la collecte de données, consultez la section «
Vos choix
» ci-dessous, et pour les personnes résidant dans l’Union européenne/Espace économique européen («
UE/EEE
»), voir également la section «
Vos droits
» ci-dessous.
4. COMMENT NOUS UTILISONS LES INFORMATIONS
Nous utilisons vos informations personnelles dans le cadre des Services que nous vous fournissons. Plus précisément, vos informations personnelles pourraient être utilisées par nous, nos employés et nos fournisseurs de services aux fins décrites ci-dessous. Pour les Utilisateurs de l’UE/EEE, à chacune de ces fins, nous avons également défini la base juridique sur laquelle nous utilisons vos informations personnelles.
Si vous êtes situé(e) à l’extérieur de l’UE/EEE, en fournissant vos informations personnelles à Passport, vous consentez à la collecte, à l’utilisation et à la divulgation de ces informations par Passport conformément à la présente Politique de confidentialité et aux autres lois applicables. Si vous n’êtes pas d’accord avec ces conditions, veuillez ne pas nous fournir d’informations personnelles. Vous avez le droit de retirer votre consentement à tout moment, sous réserve de restrictions légales ou contractuelles et moyennant un préavis raisonnable à Passport, mais vous ne pourrez peut-être pas bénéficier pleinement des services de Passport.
Nous utilisons les informations recueillies afin de:
Communiquer avec vous au sujet de votre compte et de l’utilisation des Services.
Ces communications sont effectuées dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture des Services) et, selon les circonstances, pour exécuter un contrat entre nous. Cette communication comprend:
vous fournir des informations pour vous aider à utiliser et à maîtriser les Services;
vous soutenir et répondre à vos questions lors de l’utilisation des Services;
les mises à jour et notifications au sujet des Services;
vous fournir l’historique de vos transactions.
Nous pouvons communiquer avec vous au moyen de notifications via l’application (également appelées des « notifications poussées »), de textos, de courriels et/ou d’appels téléphoniques. Les frais de données et de message s’appliquent.
Communiquer avec autrui à propos de l’utilisation des Services par votre compte.
Ces communications sont effectuées dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture des Services). Cette communication comprend:
développer des rapports et fournir des informations selon les besoins de nos Partenaires et d’autres fournisseurs de services, tels que des organismes de traitement des paiements;
sur votre demande et en votre nom, communiquer avec les autorités en ce qui concerne des contraventions non payées;
répondre à toutes les demandes d’accès légales émanant des forces de l’ordre ou d’autres autorités gouvernementales.
Fournir nos Services.
Cette activité est effectuée dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture des Services) et, selon les circonstances, pour exécuter un contrat entre nous. Cette activité comprend:
exploiter les Services;
gérer votre compte en votre nom, y compris corriger les erreurs, mettre à jour ou fermer votre compte, et veiller à ce que vos données soient conservées comme requis à des fins d’audit et de conformité ou tel que requis par la loi.
Contrôler et surveiller l’utilisation des Services.
Cette activité est effectuée dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture des Services, ainsi que pour surveiller, maintenir et améliorer la sécurité des Services). Il se peut que nous demandions votre consentement pour certaines circonstances (p. ex., en relation avec notre utilisation de certains témoins). Cette activité comprend:
analyser et surveiller l’utilisation;
maintenir la sécurité, prévenir la fraude et appliquer nos politiques;
se conformer aux lois applicables;
examiner et remédier aux pannes ou dysfonctionnements des Services.
Pour vous informer des modifications apportées aux Services.
Cette activité est effectuée dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture des Services).
Fournir et améliorer nos Services.
Cette activité est effectuée dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture et l’amélioration des Services). Cette activité comprend:
améliorer et personnaliser l’expérience de l’Utilisateur;
créer des données agrégées et anonymisées pour identifier les tendances, les erreurs et les opportunités d’amélioration;
mener et utiliser des analyses de données pour améliorer les Services ou développer de nouvelles fonctionnalités ou de nouveaux produits.
Traiter vos transactions
, pour vous aider à gérer vos transactions et traiter les paiements en votre nom. Cette activité est effectuée dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture des Services) et, selon les circonstances, pour exécuter un contrat entre nous. Cela inclut, dans certains cas, de servir de marchand d’enregistrement ou de fournisseur de passerelle de paiement.
Vous faire parvenir des informations commerciales et de la publicité en accord avec vos préférences commerciales et en fonction de votre consentement.
Cette activité est effectuée dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (c.-à-d., la fourniture et la promotion des Services). Nous pourrions demander un consentement dans le cas où une justification légale excédant un intérêt légitime est requise par la loi applicable. Cette activité comprend:
vous contacter à propos des services que nous proposons, y compris les détails de tous les services qui, selon nous, pourraient vous intéresser;
de temps à autre, utiliser vos coordonnées pour administrer et mener des sondages ou pour vous informer des activités promotionnelles telles que des concours, des rabais ou des récompenses de notre part ou de la part des tiers. Vous pouvez refuser de recevoir ce genre de communications.
Pour faire valoir nos droits et pour faire respecter ou appliquer les accords qui vous concernent,
par exemple en cas de litige ou de tentative de collecte de montants non payés, à toutes autres fins légales, y compris pour respecter des obligations légales ou réglementaires. Cette activité est effectuée dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes et pour le respect des obligations légales auxquelles nous sommes soumis.
Si nous comptons sur nos intérêts commerciaux légitimes ou sur les intérêts légitimes d’un tiers pour justifier les fins d’utilisation de vos informations personnelles, cela comprendra:
la poursuite de nos activités et objectifs commerciaux, ou ceux d’un tiers;
le respect des obligations légales et réglementaires applicables et de tout code de conduite;
l’amélioration et le développement de nos activités commerciales et de notre offre de services, ou ceux d’un tiers; ou
la protection de notre entreprise, de nos actionnaires, de nos employés et de nos clients ou de tiers
5. UTILISATION DE FICHIERS DE TÉMOINS ET D’AUTRES TECHNOLOGIES DE SUIVI
Nous utilisons des outils de collecte d’informations communs pour recueillir des données lorsque vous utilisez nos Services, tels que des fichiers de témoins et d’autres technologies de suivi, pour mémoriser les paramètres, suivre les activités au sein des Services et analyser les tendances. Nous pouvons obtenir des rapports en fonction de l’utilisation de ces technologies sur une base individuelle et agrégée.
Fichiers de témoins
– Nous utilisons des fichiers de témoins persistants et basés sur la session. Les fichiers de témoins de session n’existent que pendant une session, tandis que les fichiers de témoins persistants restent sur votre appareil une fois que vous avez fermé votre navigateur ou éteint votre appareil. Vous pouvez contrôler l’utilisation des fichiers de témoins à partir du navigateur. Si vous rejetez ou supprimez les fichiers de témoins, il se peut que certains Services ne fonctionnent plus comme prévu. Chaque navigateur fournit différents mécanismes de gestion des fichiers de témoins; le menu d’aide de votre navigateur peut vous aider à déterminer la meilleure façon de modifier le stockage des fichiers de témoins de votre navigateur. Pour plus d’informations sur la façon de contrôler ou de supprimer les fichiers de témoins, visitez
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Analyses
– Nous utilisons Google Analytics et Google Analytics pour Firebase pour mesurer votre interaction avec nos sites Web et Applications afin d’améliorer votre expérience. Pour en savoir plus sur les pratiques de confidentialité et les mécanismes d’exclusion de Google Analytics,
cliquez ici
, et
cliquez ici
pour en apprendre davantage sur les pratiques de confidentialité et les mécanismes d’exclusion de Firebase Analytics.
Nous utilisons également Facebook Analytics pour mesurer votre interaction avec notre site Web afin d’améliorer votre expérience. Pour en savoir plus sur les pratiques de confidentialité et les mécanismes d’exclusion de Facebook Analytics,
cliquez ici
. Enfin, nous pouvons stocker certaines informations dans les journaux du serveur, y compris l’adresse IP et les informations sur l’appareil, et recueillir et stocker des informations sur votre appareil à l’aide d’objets de stockage locaux; les autres technologies de suivi que nous utilisons comprennent les scripts, les étiquettes, l’adresse MAC, le numéro d’appareil IMEI et les pixels.
Technologies « Do-Not-Track »
– Nous ne répondons pas aux signaux « Do-Not-Track » du navigateur Web.
Suivi par des tiers
– Les tiers, autres que nos fournisseurs de services (tels que notre fournisseur d’analyses de sites Web), ne sont pas autorisés à suivre les sites Web que vous avez visités avant et après la visite des Services. Cela dit, nous ne pouvons pas contrôler le suivi par un tiers et il peut y avoir un suivi par un tiers qui se produit à notre insu ou sans notre consentement.
6. COMMENT NOUS PARTAGEONS LES INFORMATIONS
Nous partageons des informations vous concernant avec des tiers tels que les suivants:
Avec des sociétés et des fournisseurs externes avec lesquels nous travaillons pour traiter nos transactions, qui traitent les paiements, l’hébergement de sites Web, l’analyse de données, la technologie de l’information, la commercialisation, le service à la clientèle, la livraison par courriel, la vérification des comptes, le recouvrement de créances et autres services similaires.
Avec nos affiliés tel qu’autorisé par la loi.
Si vous participez à des activités promotionnelles telles que des sondages et des promotions, nous pouvons partager vos informations avec nos fournisseurs de services et d’autres tiers concernant de telles activités.
Nous partageons certaines informations avec nos Partenaires conformément à la présente Politique et à toutes les dispositions applicables de nos accords de partenariat, afin qu’ils puissent vous fournir des services et un soutien appropriés ou afin que nous puissions fournir des services et un soutien appropriés conformément à nos accords.
Dans le cadre de la fusion, l’acquisition ou la vente de la quasi-totalité de nos actifs, si vos informations personnelles doivent être transférées à une partie non affiliée à Passport, nous vous en informerons avant de transférer vos informations personnelles à la nouvelle entité. L’avis sera fourni directement par nos Services.
Avec nos conseillers professionnels, tels que des comptables et des avocats, qui nous aident à mener à bien nos activités commerciales.
Avec les autorités gouvernementales et les tiers impliqués dans des actions en justice, y compris les agences et organisations externes (y compris la police et les autorités locales compétentes) dans le but de respecter les obligations légales et réglementaires applicables.
Lorsque nous estimons que la divulgation est (1) raisonnablement nécessaire pour se conformer à toute loi, réglementation, assignation, procédure judiciaire ou demande gouvernementale applicables; (2) nécessaire pour faire appliquer les dispositions de la Politique; (3) requise pour faire respecter nos conditions, y compris l’enquête sur les violations potentielles; ou (4) nécessaire pour enquêter ou protéger contre les préjudices réels ou le risque de préjudices sur les droits, la propriété ou la sécurité de Passport, de nos Utilisateurs ou du public tel que requis ou permis par la loi.
Vous reconnaissez et acceptez que nous ne pourrons pas être tenus responsables des actions ou des omissions de toute partie avec laquelle nous partageons vos informations, et ces informations seront régies par les politiques, procédures et pratiques de ces parties.
7. VOS CHOIX
Vous pouvez nous informer de vos préférences quant à la manière dont vos informations sont utilisées pendant le processus d’enregistrement de votre compte, et modifier vos préférences en nous contactant directement ou en modifiant vos paramètres directement dans nos Applications lorsqu’elles sont disponibles. En ce qui concerne les services auxiliaires fournis par Passport qui ne sont pas nécessaires au bon fonctionnement de nos Applications, vous pouvez également limiter l’utilisation et la divulgation de vos données ou retirer votre consentement, où l’on y recourt, en communiquant directement avec nous ou en modifiant vos paramètres directement dans nos Applications lorsque cela est possible. En ce qui concerne les services auxiliaires offerts par des tiers, tels que la commercialisation par courriel ou les communications par des tiers, vous pouvez limiter l’utilisation et la divulgation de vos données ou retirer votre consentement en communiquant directement avec ces fournisseurs de services.
Commercialisation par courriel
– Vous pouvez choisir de ne plus recevoir de courriels pour des raisons de commercialisation de la part de Passport en suivant les consignes de désabonnement incluses dans ces courriels. Passport n’est pas responsable de la commercialisation par courriel envoyée par nos Partenaires.
Communications par des tiers
– Vous pouvez choisir de recevoir des courriels ou d’autres communications de la part de nos Partenaires, fournisseurs ou sociétés affiliées. Si vous choisissez de les recevoir, vous pouvez être assujetti aux politiques de confidentialité distinctes de ces parties.
Notifications poussées
– Vous pouvez choisir de refuser les notifications poussées en réglant les paramètres de votre application ou de votre appareil. Veuillez noter que le refus de recevoir des notifications poussées pourrait avoir un impact sur la fonctionnalité de nos Services.
Compte
– Vous pouvez empêcher Passport de recueillir des informations à partir de votre compte Passport en cessant d’utiliser nos Services. Vous pouvez également nous contacter pour supprimer ou modifier certaines informations de votre compte à l’adresse courriel indiquée dans la section Contactez-nous ci-dessous.
Veuillez noter que les Utilisateurs ne peuvent pas désactiver les messages de service critiques, tels que les alertes d’urgence.
8. ACCÈS ET CORRECTION
Il est important que les renseignements vous concernant inscrits dans nos registres soient exacts et complets. Dans le cas où vos renseignements changeraient pendant la durée de notre relation, veuillez nous aviser de ces changements. Si vous souhaitez accéder, consulter, mettre à jour ou vous opposer au traitement de vos informations, de même qu’annuler votre compte utilisateur, veuillez contacter notre équipe de service à la clientèle à l’adresse courriel indiquée dans la section Contactez-nous ci-dessous. Nous répondrons à votre demande dans les meilleurs délais et à l’intérieur de tout délai de réponse requis en vertu des lois applicables.
9. CONFIDENTIALITÉ DES ENFANTS
Nos Services ne s’adressent pas aux enfants de moins de 13 ans, ou en vertu de l’âge minimum légal requis dans les juridictions en dehors des États-Unis, et nous ne recueillons pas intentionnellement de renseignements auprès d’eux.
10. RÉTENTION
Nous conservons vos informations aussi longtemps que nécessaire pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales, résoudre les litiges, faire respecter nos droits ou tel qu’il soit raisonnablement nécessaire à des fins commerciales. Si nécessaire ou légalement requis, nous conserverons vos informations sur nos serveurs même après la suppression ou la résiliation de votre compte d’utilisateur afin de respecter nos obligations juridiques, régler les différends, ou faire valoir nos droits.
11. MESURES DE SÉCURITÉ
Nous utilisons des mesures de protection physiques, techniques et administratives raisonnables et appropriées pour protéger vos informations contre l’utilisation, l’accès, la perte, la mauvaise utilisation, l’altération ou la destruction non autorisé(e). Malgré nos mesures de sécurité, il est impossible de garantir une sécurité absolue dans toutes les situations. Si vous avez des questions sur la sécurité de nos Services, veuillez communiquer avec nous à l’adresse courriel indiquée dans la section Contactez-nous ci-dessous.
12. MODIFICATIONS DE CETTE POLITIQUE
Périodiquement, nous mettons à jour cette Politique pour tenir compte des nouvelles circonstances juridiques et opérationnelles et pour décrire les nouvelles fonctionnalités, nouveaux produits ou services, ainsi que comment ces changements affectent notre utilisation de vos informations. Toutes les modifications que nous apporterons à cette Politique à l’avenir seront affichées sur cette page et, si nous y apportons des modifications importantes, il se peut que nous vous en informions via nos Services ou nous vous en informerons directement; dans tous les cas, vous pouvez choisir de cesser d’utiliser nos Services si vous ne souhaitez pas accepter les modifications. La mise à jour de la Politique prendra effet dès que celle-ci aura été mise à jour ou qu’elle vous aura été communiquée. Nous vous encourageons à consulter cette Politique pour les mises à jour chaque fois que vous utilisez nos Services.
13. SERVICES, APPLICATIONS ET SITES WEB DE TIERS
Certains services, sites Web ou applications de tierces parties que vous utilisez ou accédez à partir de nos Services peuvent avoir des conditions d’utilisation distinctes et des politiques de confidentialité indépendantes de cette Politique. Cela inclut, par exemple, les sites Web détenus et exploités par nos Partenaires ou fournisseurs de services. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des pratiques de confidentialité de ces services ou applications de tierces parties. Nous vous recommandons de lire attentivement les conditions d’utilisation et la déclaration de confidentialité de chaque service, site Web et/ou application de tierces parties avant leur utilisation.
14. TRANSFERTS TRANSFRONTALIERS
Nos Services sont globaux et les données (y compris les informations personnelles des Utilisateurs) peuvent être transférées, stockées et traitées dans n’importe quel pays où nous avons des opérations ou lorsque nous engageons des fournisseurs de services. Actuellement, nous sommes actifs ou engageons des fournisseurs de services aux États-Unis, au Canada, au Mexique, au Royaume-Uni et en Inde. Nous pouvons transférer des données vers des pays en dehors de votre pays de résidence, qui peuvent avoir des règles de protection des données différentes de celles de votre pays, sous réserve des lois applicables. Les données hébergées à l’intérieur et à l’extérieur de votre pays de résidence peuvent être consultées par le personnel de Passport situé aux États-Unis. Nous prenons les mesures appropriées pour nous assurer que ces transferts sont conformes aux lois applicables et que vos données restent protégées selon les normes décrites dans la présente Politique.
Pour les Utilisateurs situés dans l’UE/EEE, si nous transférons vos informations personnelles en dehors de l’UE/EEE, nous établirons les moyens nécessaires pour garantir un niveau adéquat de protection des données. Cela peut être une décision d’adéquation de la Commission européenne confirmant un niveau adéquat de protection des données dans les pays non-EEE respectifs ou un accord basé sur des clauses types de l’UE (ensemble de clauses standard émises par la Commission européenne). En ce qui concerne les Utilisateurs situés en Europe et en Suisse à l’égard du transfert des renseignements personnels vers les États-Unis, veuillez consulter notre avis sur le bouclier de protection des données (https://www.passportinc.com/privacy-shield/). Passport respecte les cadres du bouclier de protection des données UE-É.-U. et Suisse/É.-U. tel que défini par le Département du commerce américain, et les Utilisateurs peuvent en apprendre davantage concernant notre certification en matière de bouclier de protection des données dans notre avis.
15. APPLICABILITÉ DE LA LOI; ACCORDS DE PARTENARIAT
Tel que discuté précédemment, il est possible que Passport ait conclu une entente avec un Partenaire pour l’exploitation de Services dans une région donnée. Nos Partenaires et nos Utilisateurs sont situés dans des juridictions différentes de celles où nous opérons nos activités et par conséquent, il est possible que nos obligations envers la confidentialité des données varient en fonction des juridictions applicables et de nos obligations envers la confidentialité des données en vertu de l’accord de Partenariat applicable. Notre politique consiste à respecter la loi sur la confidentialité des données applicable et l’accord de Partenariat applicable.
Si l’une des dispositions de la présente Politique entre en conflit avec la façon dont Passport peut recueillir, utiliser, partager, conserver ou transférer vos informations en vertu des lois internationales, étatiques, fédérales, provinciales ou territoriales applicables, Passport se conformera à cette loi ou ces lois en conséquence.
16. CONTRÔLEUR DES DONNÉES
Nous, Passport Labs, Inc., sommes le contrôleur des données aux fins de la loi sur la protection des données, en ce qui concerne vos informations personnelles recueillies et utilisées lors de votre utilisation des Services. En effet, nous déterminons les fins auxquelles vos informations personnelles sont utilisées et la manière dont nous utilisons vos informations personnelles.
Nos Partenaires peuvent agir en tant que contrôleurs des données aux fins de la loi sur la protection des données lorsqu’ils vous offrent les services, ou toute partie de ceux-ci. Veuillez vous reporter aux politiques de confidentialité de nos Partenaires pour plus d’informations.
17. VOS DROITS
Pour Les Résidents de la Californie: L’Avis de collecte de Passport (
https://www.passportinc.com/ccpa-notice/
) fournit un avis au point de collecte, ou avant celui-ci, sur les catégories de renseignements personnels qui seront recueillies auprès de vous et les fins pour lesquelles les renseignements personnels seront utilisés. Avant de naviguer sur notre site Web ou de nous fournir tout renseignement personnel, veuillez examiner notre Avis de collecte.
Les lois de la Californie accordent aux résidents de cet État certains droits de protection des renseignements personnels et imposent des restrictions sur des pratiques commerciales particulières, dont les détails se trouvent dans notre Politique de confidentialité pour les résidents de la Californie (
https://www.passportinc.com/ccpa-notice/
):
Droit à l’information: les résidents de la Californie ont le droit de demander et, sous réserve de certaines exemptions, de recevoir une copie de blocs particuliers de renseignements personnels que nous avons recueillis à leur sujet dans les 12 mois précédents. De plus, ceux-ci doivent être livrés gratuitement (a) par courrier ou (b) de façon électronique, dans un format portatif et, dans la mesure du possible, immédiatement utilisable, qui permet à l’individu de transmettre ces renseignements à une autre entité sans obstacle. Les résidents de la Californie ont aussi le droit de demander que nous leur fournissions certains renseignements sur la manière dont nous avons traité leurs renseignements personnels dans les 12 mois précédents.
Droit de suppression: en outre, les résidents de la Californie peuvent demander, sans frais, la suppression des renseignements personnels que nous avons recueillis à leur sujet, sauf lorsqu’une exemption s’applique. Nous répondrons aux demandes vérifiables reçues de résidents de la Californie conformément à la loi.
Passport ne vend pas de renseignements personnels et ne le fera pas dans le futur.
Si vous êtes un Utilisateur situé dans l’UE/EEE, vous disposez de certains droits supplémentaires en ce qui concerne vos informations personnelles en vertu du règlement général sur la protection des données. Les droits ne peuvent s’appliquer que dans certaines circonstances et font l’objet de certaines exemptions. Veuillez consulter le tableau ci-dessous pour un résumé de vos droits. Les coordonnées figurant dans la section «
Contactez-nous
» à la fin de cette Politique vous sont disponibles afin que vous puissiez exercer ces droits.
Résumé de vos droits:
Droit d’accès à vos informations personnelles
Vous avez le droit de recevoir une copie de vos informations personnelles que nous détenons à votre sujet, sous réserve de certaines exemptions.
Droit de rectifier vos informations personnelles
Vous avez le droit de nous demander de corriger vos informations personnelles que nous détenons si elles sont incorrectes ou incomplètes.
Droit d’effacer vos informations personnelles
Vous avez le droit de demander que vos informations personnelles soient supprimées dans certaines circonstances. Par exemple (i) lorsque vos informations personnelles ne sont plus nécessaires au regard des fins pour lesquelles elles furent recueillies ou utilisées; (ii) si vous retirez votre consentement et s’il n’y a pas d’autre motif juridique sur lequel nous comptons pour l’utilisation continue de vos informations personnelles; (iii) si vous vous opposez à l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles (tel qu’indiqué ci-dessous); (iv) si nous avons utilisé vos informations personnelles illégalement; ou (v) si vos informations personnelles doivent être effacées pour respecter une obligation légale.
Droit de restreindre l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles
Vous avez le droit de suspendre l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles dans certaines circonstances. Par exemple (i) si vous pensez que vos informations personnelles sont inexactes et uniquement pour cette période, afin de nous permettre de vérifier l’exactitude de vos informations personnelles; (ii) l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles est illégale et vous vous opposez à l’effacement de vos informations personnelles et demandez sa suspension à la place; (iii) nous n’avons plus besoin de vos informations personnelles, mais vous avez besoin de vos informations personnelles pour établir, exercer ou défendre des actions en justice; ou (iv) vous vous êtes opposé(e) à l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles et nous vérifions si nos motifs d’utilisation de vos informations personnelles remplacent votre objection.
Droit à la portabilité des données
Vous avez le droit d’obtenir vos informations personnelles dans un format structuré, communément utilisé et lisible par machine et de les transférer vers une autre organisation, lorsque cela est techniquement possible. Le droit s’applique uniquement lorsque l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles est basée sur votre consentement ou pour l’exécution d’un contrat, et lorsque l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles est effectuée par des moyens automatisés (c’est-à-dire, électroniques).
Droit de s’opposer à l’utilisation de vos informations personnelle
Vous avez le droit de vous opposer à l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles dans certaines circonstances. Par exemple (i) lorsque vous avez des motifs liés à votre situation particulière et que nous utilisons vos informations personnelles dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes (ou ceux d’un tiers); et (ii) si vous vous opposez à l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles à des fins de commercialisation directe.
Droit de retirer votre consentement
Vous avez le droit de retirer votre consentement à tout moment si nous comptons sur un consentement pour utiliser vos informations personnelles.
Droit de déposer une plainte auprès de l’autorité de protection des données compétent
Vous avez le droit de déposer une plainte auprès de l’autorité de protection des données compétente lorsque vous pensez que nous n’avons pas utilisé vos informations personnelles conformément à la loi sur la protection des données.
18. Applications gérées par Passport
ParkAlbany
AHS Parking
eParkAnnArbor
ParkCC
ParkRTC
Asbury PARK
ParkATX
ParkBZN
Buffalo Roam
MobileMeter
Park Cheyenne
CincyEZPark
ParkEvanston
ParkFerndale
FC Parking
Lauder Parking
MOTU
Park KC
GoNewHaven
ParkNorfolk
ParkOmaha
ParkingKitty
SA Park
ParkStAug
GoTucson
ParkTYB
ParkVictoria
ParkWhitePlains
Woonerf
MetroParking
MacKay Pay
SpotOn
ParkByApp
GoParkCity
PassportParking Canada
ParkSavannah
PassportParking
Go 502
ParkSLC
Park Princeton
Park Duluth
Passport Parking
ParkOakPark
19. CONTACTEZ-NOUS
Si vous avez des questions au sujet de cette Politique ou sur nos pratiques de traitement de l’information, veuillez nous contacter à privacy@passportinc.com ou écrivez-nous à Passport Labs, Inc., à l’attention du responsable de la confidentialité (Privacy Officer), 128 S. Tryon Street, Suite 1000, Charlotte, NC 28202, États-Unis. Vous pouvez également soumettre vos questions via notre
formulaire Contactez-nous
.
AVISO DE PRIVACIDAD
Última actualización: 26 de marzo
de 2024
Passport considera de gran importancia que usted comprenda nuestras prácticas de privacidad. Hemos actualizado nuestro Aviso de Privacidad para que pueda comprender con claridad qué tipo de información recopilamos, cómo la utilizamos y de qué forma la protegemos, así como las opciones que le presentamos en las distintas aplicaciones de Passport. Si tiene alguna pregunta o inquietud, escríbanos a privacy@passportinc.com. Consulte la sección 18 para obtener una lista de las aplicaciones que gestiona Passport.
Introducción
Acerca De Passport
Información Recopilada
Cómo Utilizamos Su Información
Uso De Cookies Y Otras Tecnologías De Rastreo
Cómo Compartimos La Información
Sus Opciones
Acceso y Corrección
Privacidad De Niños
Retención
Salvaguardas De Seguridad
Cambios Al Presente Aviso
Servicios, Aplicaciones Y Sitios Web De Terceros
Transferencias Transfronterizas
Aplicabilidad De La Ley; Acuerdos de los Socios
Controlador De Datos
Derechos Del Usuario
Aplicaciones gestionadas por Passport
Contáctenos
1. INTRODUCCIÓN
En Passport Labs, Inc. (“
Passport
”) respetamos las expectativas de privacidad de nuestros usuarios y nos comprometemos a cumplir con todas las leyes aplicables de protección de datos y privacidad. El presente Aviso de Privacidad (“
Aviso
”) describe quién es responsable de la información que recopilamos, las clases de información que recopilamos, cómo la utilizamos, compartimos, conservamos y protegemos, y las opciones que tiene, como uno de nuestros usuarios (“
Usuarios
”), con respecto a su acceso y uso.
El presente Aviso corresponde a las aplicaciones móviles de Passport y a los sitios web de Passport (colectivamente los “
Servicios
”), salvo que se especifique lo contrario. En el presente Aviso, se utiliza la frase “
información personal
” para describir aquella información sobre usted por medio de la cual se lo puede identificar. Le sugerimos que lea el presente Aviso en su totalidad para comprender nuestras prácticas de privacidad antes de utilizar nuestros Servicios.
2. ACERCA DE PASSPORT
Passport provee una plataforma de software que, de estar disponible, permite administrar y pagar estacionamiento, multas, boletos de transporte público, permisos, peajes y servicios adicionales a través de nuestras aplicaciones móviles o sitios web y aplicaciones o sitios web de filiales o socios con quienes nos integramos, como las aplicaciones incorporadas en los vehículos y las aplicaciones de mapas.
Nos asociamos con organismos de tránsito, gobiernos locales y agencias o asociaciones interlocales, compañías de peaje, institutos, universidades, sistemas hospitalarios y otros operadores públicos y privados (nuestros “
Socios
”) cuando proveen los servicios indicados anteriormente, con el fin de mejorar sus operaciones, así como de simplificar y personalizar las interacciones de nuestros usuarios con dichos servicios. Nuestra recolección y nuestro uso de su información están diseñados teniendo en cuenta dicho propósito.
Ofrecemos los siguientes productos, servicios y aplicaciones (“
Apps
”):
Estacionamiento:
La aplicación Mobile Pay de Passport (o cualquier implementación de marca genérica/marca privada de esta) permite a los Usuarios pagar por el estacionamiento en la vía pública (por ejemplo, áreas de estacionamiento medido) o por el estacionamiento fuera de la vía pública (por ejemplo, playas de estacionamiento o garajes) y administrar sus propias cuentas a través de la aplicación Mobile Pay (o la versión web accesible mediante navegadores de Internet).
Transporte público:
La aplicación Mobile Transit de Passport (o cualquier implementación de marca genérica/marca privada de esta) permite a los Usuarios pagar y administrar sus boletos de transporte público (por ejemplo, en autobuses o trenes) a través de la aplicación Mobile Transit.
Permisos:
La plataforma Digital Permits de Passport permite a los Usuarios comprar y administrar permisos de estacionamiento.
Resolución de multas:
El software Parking Enforcement de Passport permite a los organismos de control de estacionamiento emitir multas, mientras que los Usuarios pueden resolver dichas multas utilizando el portal en línea de Passport.
Peaje:
El software Tolling permite a los Usuarios pagar y administrar sus tarifas de peaje.
Con respecto a nuestras Apps, ofrecemos a nuestros socios un sistema de
back-office
para administrar y analizar sus operaciones relativas a nuestros Servicios.
3. INFORMACIÓN RECOPILADA
Recopilamos su información de las siguientes maneras:
De usted, cuando utiliza nuestros Servicios (por ejemplo, durante las interacciones con los Servicios o las comunicaciones por teléfono, correo electrónico, chat, mensaje de texto, las Apps u otros canales).
De nuestros Socios, proveedores de servicios y otras fuentes de terceros, cuando se les haya notificado a los Usuarios acerca de la divulgación de dicha información, ya sea de conformidad con el presente Aviso o con otras políticas, o cuando la información esté disponible públicamente (como la ubicación y los datos de identificación de su vehículo).
De otras fuentes, como el Departamento de Vehículos Automotores y otras bases de datos que contienen información sobre conductores, pero solo cuando tenemos un acuerdo o el permiso de dichas entidades para obtener de manera legítima dicha información y para garantizar su uso y conservación adecuados.
Los tipos de información que recopilamos incluyen los siguientes:
Información acerca de usted y su cuenta de Passport:
Cualquier información que proporcione de manera voluntaria, como nombre, correo electrónico, número de teléfono, contraseña, PIN, preferencias de marketing y número de placa.
Información sobre el dispositivo:
Sistema operativo, tipo de navegador, dirección IP, tipo de dispositivo y versión del dispositivo. Recopilamos esta información automáticamente cuando utiliza nuestros Servicios.
Información de geolocalización:
Si tiene habilitados los servicios de localización en su dispositivo, podemos utilizarlos para recopilar la ubicación geográfica de su dispositivo cuando utilice nuestros Servicios. Es probable que algunos servicios no funcionen tal como están diseñados si los servicios de localización están deshabilitados.
Información del vehículo:
Asegurador, número de registro del vehículo (VIN), fecha de vencimiento del registro, número de placa y estado, marca/modelo/color del vehículo y domicilio de registro.
Información financiera:
Número de tarjeta de crédito, fecha de vencimiento, código postal de facturación, nombre en la tarjeta de crédito o información similar sobre su cuenta para fuentes alternativas de financiamiento que pueda asociar con su cuenta.
Información publicitaria:
Las preferencias publicitarias (por ejemplo, si se inscribe para recibir ciertos avisos promocionales) y la información sobre su interacción con los avisos promocionales, la participación en concursos, los descuentos y los premios, así como su respuesta a estos.
Información de redes sociales:
Cuando interactúa con nosotros a través de diversas redes sociales, por ejemplo, al hacer clic en “Me gusta” en nuestro Facebook o al seguirnos en Twitter, o bien al conectarse a nuestros servicios a través de Facebook u otras cuentas de redes sociales cuando estén disponibles, estamos habilitados para recopilar información, incluyendo su correo electrónico, sexo, ubicación y edad. La información que recibimos de su red social depende de sus configuraciones de privacidad. Recomendamos que siempre revise y, si lo prefiere, modifique sus configuraciones de privacidad en los sitios web y servicios de terceros antes de vincularlos o conectarlos con nuestros Servicios. También podemos recopilar información sobre usted, anonimizada y agregada de las redes sociales, sobre la base de la información que proporcionó al utilizar nuestros Servicios.
Para conocer las opciones de recopilación de información y para no participar de la recopilación de datos, consulte la sección “
Sus opciones
” a continuación. Para las personas que se encuentran en la Unión Europea o en el Espacio Económico Europeo (“
UE/EEE
”), consulte también la sección “
Derechos del Usuario
” más adelante.
4. CÓMO UTILIZAMOS SU INFORMACIÓN
Su información personal se utiliza en conexión con los Servicios que le ofrecemos. En particular, nosotros, nuestros empleados y nuestros proveedores de servicios pueden utilizar su información personal con los fines que se describen a continuación. Para los Usuarios de la UE/EEE, también hemos detallado el fundamento legal que sustenta el uso de esa información personal para cada uno de estos fines.
Si se encuentra fuera de la UE/EEE, al proporcionarle su información personal a Passport, acepta que Passport recopile, use y comparta esa información de acuerdo con el presente Aviso de Privacidad y de cualquier otra manera permitida por las leyes correspondientes. Si no está de acuerdo con estas condiciones, no nos proporcione ningún tipo de información personal. Tiene derecho a quitar su consentimiento siempre que lo desee, de conformidad con las restricciones legales o contractuales y con la debida notificación a Passport. Sin embargo, es posible que en ese caso no pueda sacar el máximo provecho a los servicios de Passport.
Utilizamos la información recopilada con los siguientes objetivos:
Comunicarnos con usted acerca de su cuenta y su uso de los Servicios.
Tales comunicaciones son en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión de los Servicios) y, según las circunstancias, sirven para celebrar un contrato entre usted y nosotros. Esas comunicaciones incluyen lo siguiente:
Proporcionar información para ayudarlo a utilizar y navegar por los Servicios.
Ofrecer soporte y responder a sus consultas cuando utiliza nuestros Servicios.
Enviar actualizaciones y notificaciones acerca de los Servicios.
Proporcionarle su historial de transacciones.
Podemos comunicarnos con usted a través de notificaciones dentro de la aplicación (también conocidas como “notificaciones push”), mensajes de texto, correos electrónicos o llamadas telefónicas. Se aplican tarifas por datos y mensajes.
Comunicarnos con otros acerca de su cuenta y su uso de los Servicios.
Tales comunicaciones son en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión de los Servicios). Esas comunicaciones incluyen lo siguiente:
Desarrollar informes y proporcionar información solicitada por nuestros Socios y otros proveedores de servicios, como entidades de procesamiento de pagos.
A pedido y en representación suya, comunicarnos con las autoridades con respecto a multas no pagadas.
Responder a todas las solicitudes de acceso legales de parte de las fuerzas policiales u otras autoridades de gobierno.
Proveer los Servicios.
Esta actividad es en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión de los Servicios) y, según las circunstancias, sirve para celebrar un contrato entre usted y nosotros. Esta actividad incluye lo siguiente:
Operar los Servicios.
Administrar su cuenta, incluso corregir errores, actualizar o cancelar la cuenta, y verificar que sus datos se conserven según sea necesario para los fines de auditoría y conformidad, o según sea requerido por la legislación.
Auditar y controlar el uso de los Servicios.
Esta actividad es en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión de los Servicios, así como el control, el mantenimiento y la mejora de su seguridad). Es posible que, en ciertas circunstancias, solicitemos su consentimiento (p. ej., en lo que respecta al uso de determinadas cookies). Esta actividad incluye lo siguiente:
Analizar y monitorear el uso.
Mantener la seguridad, prevenir el fraude y aplicar nuestras políticas.
Cumplir con la legislación vigente.
Examinar y solucionar toda interrupción o malfuncionamiento de los Servicios.
Notificarle sobre cambios en los Servicios.
Esta actividad es en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión de los Servicios).
Mejorar los Servicios.
Esta actividad es en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión y mejora de los Servicios). Esta actividad incluye lo siguiente:
Mejorar y personalizar la experiencia del Usuario.
Crear datos globales y anonimizados para identificar tendencias, errores y oportunidades de mejora.
Realizar y utilizar los análisis de datos para mejorar los Servicios o para desarrollar nuevas funciones o productos.
Procesar sus transacciones
, para ayudarlo a administrarlas y para procesar pagos en su nombre. Esta actividad es en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión de los Servicios) y, según las circunstancias, sirve para celebrar un contrato entre usted y nosotros. Esto incluye, en algunos casos, actuar como vendedor registrado o proveedor de pasarela de pagos.
Mostrarle promociones y anuncios de conformidad con sus preferencias publicitarias y, en los casos en que se tenga en cuenta, su consentimiento.
Esta actividad es en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (es decir, la provisión y promoción de los Servicios). Es posible que se le solicite su consentimiento en los casos en que las leyes correspondientes exijan una justificación legal que trascienda el interés legítimo. Esta actividad incluye lo siguiente:
Contactarnos con usted por servicios que ofrecemos, incluidas las especificaciones de todo servicio que consideremos de interés para usted.
Ocasionalmente, usar su información de contacto para administrar y realizar encuestas o enviarle notificaciones acerca de actividades promocionales, como concursos, descuentos o beneficios para nosotros o terceros. Puede elegir no recibir este tipo de comunicados.
Ejercitar cualquiera de nuestros derechos o hacer valer o poner en práctica los acuerdos concernientes a usted
, por ejemplo, en relación con un conflicto o un intento de cobrar montos impagos, para todos los demás fines legales, incluido el cumplimiento de toda obligación legal o normativa. Esta actividad sirve a nuestros intereses legítimos y al cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales a las que estamos sujetos.
En los casos en que nos basemos en nuestros intereses comerciales legítimos o los intereses legítimos de un tercero para justificar el propósito con el cual se usa la información personal, esto comprenderá lo siguiente:
el cumplimiento de nuestras actividades y objetivos comerciales, o los de un tercero;
el cumplimiento de las obligaciones legales y normativas, así como de los códigos de conducta que correspondan;
el mejoramiento y el desarrollo de nuestras operaciones comerciales y servicios ofrecidos, o los de un tercero, o
la protección de nuestra empresa, accionistas, empleados y clientes, o los de un tercero.
5. USO DE COOKIES Y OTRAS TECNOLOGÍAS DE RASTREO
Utilizamos herramientas comunes de recopilación de información para recopilar datos cuando utiliza nuestros servicios, como cookies y otras tecnologías de rastreo, para recordar configuraciones, rastrear actividades dentro de los Servicios y analizar tendencias. Podemos obtener informes basados en el uso de dichas tecnologías en forma individual y global.
Cookies:
Utilizamos cookies por sesión y persistentes. Las cookies por sesión solo duran una sesión, mientras que las cookies persistentes permanecen en su dispositivo una vez que cierra su navegador o apaga su dispositivo. Puede controlar el uso de cookies con el navegador. Si rechaza o borra cookies, algunos Servicios pueden dejar de funcionar tal como están diseñados. Cada navegador cuenta con diferentes mecanismos para manejar las cookies; el menú de ayuda de su navegador puede ayudarlo a establecer la mejor manera de modificar el almacenamiento de cookies. Para obtener más información sobre cómo controlar o borrar cookies, visite
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Analítica:
Utilizamos Google Analytics y Google Analytics for Firebase para medir cómo interactúa con nuestros sitios web y Apps a fin de mejorar su experiencia. Para obtener más información acerca de las prácticas de privacidad y de los mecanismos de exclusión voluntaria de Google Analytics,
haga clic aquí
, y
haga clic aquí
para obtener más información acerca de las prácticas de privacidad y de los mecanismos de exclusión voluntaria de Firebase Analytics.
También utilizamos Facebook Analytics para medir cómo interactúa con nuestro sitio web a fin de mejorar su experiencia. Para obtener más información acerca de las prácticas de privacidad y de los mecanismos de exclusión voluntaria de Facebook Analytics,
haga clic aquí.
Finalmente, podemos almacenar cierta información en archivos de registros para servidores (“server logs”), como la dirección IP e información del dispositivo, y recopilar y almacenar información en su dispositivo utilizando objetos de almacenamiento local; otras tecnologías de rastreo que utilizamos incluyen los scripts, tags, dirección MAC, número IMEI del dispositivo y píxeles.
Tecnologías de “no rastreo”:
No respondemos a señales de “no rastreo” de los navegadores web.
Rastreo de parte de terceros:
Ningún tercero, además de nuestros proveedores de servicios (como los proveedores de análisis web), cuenta con nuestra autorización para rastrear los sitios web que visita antes o después de acceder a los Servicios. Por otra parte, no tenemos control del rastreo realizado por terceros y es posible que este se lleve a cabo sin nuestro conocimiento o consentimiento.
6. CÓMO COMPARTIMOS LA INFORMACIÓN
Compartimos información acerca de nuestros Usuarios con terceros de la siguiente manera:
Con compañías y proveedores externos con quienes nos asociamos para operar nuestra empresa, que proveen procesamiento de pagos, alojamiento web, analítica de datos, tecnología de la información, marketing, atención al cliente, envío de correo electrónico, auditoría, cobro de deudas y servicios similares.
Con nuestras filiales, según lo permite la legislación.
Si participa en actividades promocionales, como encuestas y promociones, podemos compartir su información con nuestros proveedores de servicios y otros terceros con respecto a dichas actividades.
Compartimos cierta información con nuestros Socios de conformidad con el presente Aviso y cualquier disposición aplicable de los acuerdos de nuestros Socios, a fin de que puedan proveer servicios y soporte de manera adecuada a nuestros Usuarios o de que podamos proveer servicios y soporte de manera adecuada a nuestros Socios según lo requieren nuestros acuerdos.
Si, como parte de una fusión, adquisición o venta de la totalidad de nuestros activos, su información personal es transferida a una parte no asociada a Passport, le enviaremos una notificación antes de transferir su información personal a la nueva entidad. Recibirá dicha notificación directamente a través de nuestros Servicios.
Con nuestros asesores profesionales, como los contadores y abogados que contribuyen al desempeño de nuestras actividades empresariales.
Con autoridades gubernamentales y terceros involucrados en acciones judiciales, como agencias y organizaciones externas (incluidas la policía y la autoridad local pertinente) con el objetivo de cumplir con las obligaciones legales y normativas correspondientes.
Cuando creemos que la divulgación es (1) razonablemente necesaria para cumplir con una legislación, norma, multa, proceso judicial o petición de gobierno exigible; (2) necesaria para aplicar las disposiciones del presente Aviso; (3) necesaria para aplicar nuestras condiciones, incluyendo la investigación de posibles incumplimientos; o (4) necesaria para investigar o protegerse de un daño real o de una amenaza de daño a los derechos, la propiedad o la seguridad de Passport, nuestros Usuarios o el público, según la legislación lo requiera o lo permita.
Reconoce y acepta que no tenemos responsabilidad legal por las acciones u omisiones de ninguna parte con la que compartamos su información, y que dicha información se regirá por las políticas, procedimientos y prácticas de dichas partes.
7. SUS OPCIONES
Puede notificarnos acerca de sus preferencias sobre el uso de su información durante el proceso de registro de su cuenta, y cambiar sus preferencias contactándonos directamente o cambiando su configuración en nuestras Apps cuando sea posible. Para los servicios complementarios que ofrece Passport y que no son necesarios para la debida operación en nuestras Apps, puede limitar el uso y la divulgación de sus datos o revocar su consentimiento, en los casos en que se tenga en cuenta, contactándonos directamente o modificando su configuración en nuestras Apps cuando sea posible. Para los servicios complementarios que ofrecen terceros, como correos electrónicos de marketing y comunicaciones de terceros, puede limitar el uso y la divulgación de sus datos, o bien revocar su consentimiento contactando a estos proveedores de servicios de forma directa.
Correos electrónicos de marketing:
Puede decidir dejar de recibir correos electrónicos de marketing de Passport siguiendo las instrucciones de cancelación de suscripción incluidas en dichos correos. Passport no se hace responsable por los correos electrónicos de marketing enviados por nuestros Socios.
Comunicaciones de terceros:
Puede suscribirse para recibir correos electrónicos y otras comunicaciones de nuestros Socios, proveedores o filiales. Si se suscribe, es posible que esté sujeto a las políticas de privacidad de dichos terceros.
Notificaciones push:
Puede optar por dejar de recibir notificaciones push a través de las configuraciones de su aplicación o de su dispositivo. Tenga en cuenta que optar por dejar de recibir notificaciones push puede impactar en la funcionalidad de nuestros Servicios.
Cuenta:
Puede interrumpir la recopilación de información de parte de Passport en su cuenta Passport al dejar de utilizar nuestros Servicios. También puede contactarnos para borrar o modificar cierta información de su cuenta escribiendo al correo electrónico indicado en la sección “Contáctenos” a continuación.
Tenga en cuenta que los Usuarios no pueden optar por dejar de recibir ciertos mensajes críticos del servicio, como alertas de emergencia.
8. ACCESO Y CORRECCIÓN
Es importante que la información que tenemos sobre usted en nuestros registros sea precisa y esté completa. Si su información personal cambia durante el transcurso de nuestra relación, manténganos informados de tales cambios. Puede acceder, revisar, actualizar y objetar el procesamiento de su información, así como cancelar su cuenta de usuario, contactando a nuestro equipo de soporte a los clientes al correo electrónico indicado en la sección “Contáctenos” a continuación. Responderemos a su solicitud lo antes posible y en los períodos de respuesta que requiere la legislación aplicable.
9. PRIVACIDAD DE NIÑOS
Nuestros Servicios no están destinados a niños menores de 13 años, o que no tengan la mayoría de edad correspondiente en las jurisdicciones fuera de los Estados Unidos, y no recopilamos intencionalmente información de ellos.
10. RETENCIÓN
Retenemos su información tanto tiempo como sea necesario para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales, resolver conflictos, hacer cumplir nuestros derechos o según sea razonablemente necesario para fines comerciales. Cuando sea adecuado o exigido por la ley, retendremos su información en nuestros servidores aun después de borrada o cancelada su cuenta de usuario a fin de cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales, resolver litigios o hacer cumplir nuestros derechos.
11. SALVAGUARDAS DE SEGURIDAD
Utilizamos salvaguardas físicas, técnicas y administrativas razonables y adecuadas para proteger su información del uso, acceso, pérdida, mal uso, alteración o destrucción no autorizados. Independientemente de nuestras salvaguardas de seguridad, es imposible garantizar la seguridad absoluta en todas las situaciones. Si tiene preguntas con respecto a la seguridad de nuestros Servicios, contáctenos utilizando la dirección de correo electrónico indicada en la sección “Contáctenos” a continuación.
12. CAMBIOS AL PRESENTE AVISO
Actualizamos de manera periódica el presente Aviso para responder a la modificación de las circunstancias legales y operativas, así como para describir las nuevas funciones, productos o servicios, y cómo dichos cambios afectan nuestro uso de su información. Todo cambio que se haga en el futuro al presente Aviso se publicará en esta página y, si efectuamos cambios sustanciales, es posible que enviemos una notificación a través de nuestros Servicios o directamente a usted; de cualquier manera, si no desea aceptar los cambios, tiene la opción de dejar de utilizar los Servicios. El Aviso actualizado entrará en vigencia en el momento en que se actualice o comunique a usted de alguna manera. Le sugerimos que revise las actualizaciones del presente Aviso cada vez que utilice nuestros Servicios.
13. SERVICIOS, APLICACIONES Y SITIOS WEB DE TERCEROS
Ciertos servicios, sitios web o aplicaciones de terceros que utiliza o en los que navega desde o hacia nuestros Servicios pueden tener políticas de privacidad con condiciones de usuarios independientes del presente Aviso. Esto incluye, por ejemplo, sitios web que son propiedad de nuestros Socios o proveedores de servicios y operados por ellos. No somos responsables por las prácticas de privacidad de dichos servicios o aplicaciones de terceros. Recomendamos que revise con atención las condiciones de uso y la declaración de privacidad de cada servicio, sitio web o aplicación de terceros antes de utilizarlos.
14. TRANSFERENCIAS TRANSFRONTERIZAS
Nuestros Servicios son globales y los datos (incluso la información personal de los Usuarios) pueden transferirse, almacenarse y procesarse en cualquier país en el que tengamos operaciones o en el que contratemos proveedores de servicios. En este momento, contamos con operaciones o contratamos proveedores de servicios en los Estados Unidos, Canadá, México, el Reino Unido e India. Podemos transferir datos a países fuera de su país de residencia, que pueden tener reglas de protección de datos diferentes de las de su país, sujetas a las leyes vigentes. El personal de Passport ubicado en los Estados Unidos puede acceder a los datos alojados dentro y fuera de su país de residencia. Tomamos las medidas adecuadas para garantizar que cualquier transferencia de datos cumpla con las leyes vigentes de protección de datos y que sus datos permanezcan protegidos según los estándares descritos en el presente Aviso.
En el caso de los Usuarios que se encuentran en la Unión Europea o en el Espacio Económico Europeo (UE/EEE), si su información personal se transfiere fuera de ese territorio, se aplicarán las medidas necesarias para garantizar un nivel de protección de datos adecuado. Puede ser en la forma de una decisión sobre el carácter adecuado de la protección de parte de la Comisión Europea a través de la cual se confirme un nivel de protección de datos adecuado en el respectivo país no perteneciente al EEE, o bien un acuerdo fundamentado en las cláusulas modelo de la Unión Europea (un conjunto de cláusulas estándares emitidas por la Comisión Europea). Para los Usuarios ubicados en la UE y en Suiza, consulte nuestro Aviso sobre el Escudo de Privacidad con respecto a la transferencia de información personal a los EE. UU. (https://www.passportinc.com/privacy-shield/). Passport cumple con los marcos legales de los escudos de privacidad entre la UE y los EE. UU. y entre los EE. UU. y Suiza según lo establece el Departamento de Comercio de los EE. UU.; los Usuarios pueden obtener más información sobre la certificación del escudo de privacidad en nuestro aviso.
15. APLICABILIDAD DE LA LEY; ACUERDOS DE LOS SOCIOS
Acuerdos de los Socios: según se discutió anteriormente, Passport puede tener un acuerdo con un Socio al operar los Servicios en un área determinada. Nuestros Socios y nuestros Usuarios están ubicados en las diferentes jurisdicciones en las que operamos y, por lo tanto, podríamos tener diversas obligaciones de privacidad dependiendo de la jurisdicción aplicable y de nuestras obligaciones de privacidad según el acuerdo del Socio aplicable. Es nuestra política cumplir con la ley de privacidad aplicable y con el acuerdo del Socio aplicable.
Si alguna de las disposiciones anteriores del presente Aviso entra en conflicto con la manera en que Passport recopila, utiliza, comparte, retiene o transfiere su información en virtud de alguna legislación aplicable a nivel internacional, estadual, federal, provincial o de otro tipo de territorio, Passport cumplirá con dicha ley o dichas leyes en consecuencia.
16. CONTROLADOR DE DATOS
A efectos de la ley de protección de datos, nosotros, Passport Labs, Inc., somos los controladores de datos en lo que respecta a la información personal que recopilamos y utilizamos cuando usted usa los Servicios. Esto se debe a que nosotros establecemos los fines con los que se utiliza la información personal, así como la manera en que se usa.
Nuestros Socios pueden actuar como controladores de datos a efectos de la ley de protección de datos cuando ellos ofrecen los servicios, o cualquier parte de estos. Para obtener más información, consulte las políticas de privacidad de nuestros Socios.
17. DERECHOS DEL USUARIO
Para Residentes de California:  La notificación de recopilación de Passport (
https://www.passportinc.com/ccpa-notice/
) ofrece información al momento de la recopilación (o antes) sobre las categorías de información personal que se recopilarán acerca de usted y sobre los fines para los cuales se utilizará esa información personal. Revise nuestra notificación de recopilación antes de visitar nuestro sitio web o de proveernos su información personal.
La ley de California otorga a los residentes de California ciertos derechos de privacidad e impone restricciones sobre cualquier práctica comercial específica, lo que se describe más exhaustivamente en nuestra “Política de privacidad para residentes de California” (
https://www.passportinc.com/ccpa-notice/
):
Derecho de saber: los residentes de California tienen derecho de solicitar y, sujeto a ciertas exenciones, de recibir una copia de la información personal específica que hemos recopilado acerca de ellos durante los últimos doce (12) meses, así como de que se les entregue esa información, sin cargo alguno, ya sea (a) por correo postal o (b) en un formato electrónico portátil y, en la medida en que sea posible en cuanto a la técnica, en un formato listo para usar que permita que la persona transmita esa información a otra entidad sin obstáculos. Los residentes de California también tienen derecho de solicitar que les proporcionemos información sobre cómo hemos manejado su información personal durante los últimos doce (12) meses.
Derecho de eliminar: los residentes de California tienen derecho de solicitar, sin cargo alguno, la eliminación de la información personal que hemos recopilado acerca de ellos, salvo cuando existan restricciones al respecto. Responderemos a las solicitudes verificables que recibamos de los residentes de California según lo indica la ley.
Passport no vende ni venderá información personal.
Los Usuarios que se encuentran en la UE/EEE tienen ciertos derechos adicionales con respecto a su información personal, de conformidad con el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos. Estos derechos están sujetos a ciertas exenciones y es posible que solo sean válidos en determinadas circunstancias. Para ver un resumen de los derechos, consulte la tabla a continuación. Estos derechos se pueden ejercer recurriendo a la información de contacto de la sección “
Contáctenos
”, ubicada al final del presente Aviso.
Resumen de los derechos:
Derecho a acceder a la propia información personal
Tiene derecho a recibir una copia de la información personal que tenemos sobre usted, sujeto a ciertas exenciones.
Derecho a rectificar la información personal
Tiene derecho a solicitar que se corrija la información personal que tenemos sobre usted en los casos en que sea incorrecta o esté incompleta.
Derecho a eliminar la información personal
En determinadas circunstancias, tiene derecho a solicitar que se elimine su información personal. Por ejemplo, (i) en los casos en que la información personal ya no sea necesaria para el propósito por el que se la recopiló o usó de alguna manera; (ii) si usted revoca el consentimiento y no hay ninguna otra razón legal por la que se justifique el uso continuo de la información personal; (iii) si se opone a que se utilice su información personal (tal como se establece más adelante); (iv) si hemos usado su información personal de manera ilegítima, o (v) si se debe eliminar la información personal a fin de cumplir con una obligación legal.
Derecho a restringir el uso de la información personal
En determinadas circunstancias, tiene derecho a que su información personal se deje de utilizar temporariamente. Por ejemplo, (i) en los casos en que considere que la información personal es errónea, pero solo por tal período para permitirnos verificar su exactitud; (ii) si usar su información personal es ilegal y usted se opone a que se elimine y, en su lugar, solicita que se deje de utilizar temporariamente; (iii) si ya no necesitamos usar la información personal, pero usted la requiere para establecer, ejercer o defender un derecho legal, o (iv) si se ha opuesto a que se utilice su información personal y estamos verificando si los motivos que tenemos para hacerlo invalidan su objeción.
Derecho a la portabilidad de los datos
Tiene derecho a obtener su información personal en un formato estructurado, de uso común y legible por computadora, así como de que se la transfiera a otra organización, siempre que sea técnicamente viable. Este derecho solo se puede ejercer en los casos en que el uso de la información personal dependa de su consentimiento o sirva para la celebración de un contrato, así como cuando esa información se utilice a través de medios automatizados (electrónicos).
Derecho a oponerse al uso de su información personal
En determinadas circunstancias, tiene derecho a oponerse al uso de su información personal. Por ejemplo, (i) cuando tenga fundamentos en relación con su situación particular y nosotros utilicemos su información personal en beneficio de nuestros intereses legítimos (o los de un tercero), y (ii) si se opone a que su información personal se utilice con fines promocionales directos.
Derecho a revocar el consentimiento
Tiene derecho a revocar el consentimiento en cualquier momento, en los casos en que lo tengamos en cuenta a fin de utilizar su información personal.
Derecho a reclamar ante la autoridad de protección de datos competente
Tiene derecho a reclamar ante la autoridad de protección de datos competente en los casos en que considere que su información personal no se ha utilizado de conformidad con las leyes de protección de datos.
18. Aplicaciones gestionadas por Passport
ParkAlbany
AHS Parking
eParkAnnArbor
ParkCC
ParkRTC
Asbury PARK
ParkATX
ParkBZN
Buffalo Roam
MobileMeter
Park Cheyenne
CincyEZPark
ParkEvanston
ParkFerndale
FC Parking
Lauder Parking
MOTU
Park KC
GoNewHaven
ParkNorfolk
ParkOmaha
ParkingKitty
SA Park
ParkStAug
GoTucson
ParkTYB
ParkVictoria
ParkWhitePlains
Woonerf
MetroParking
MacKay Pay
SpotOn
ParkByApp
GoParkCity
PassportParking Canada
ParkSavannah
PassportParking
Go 502
ParkSLC
Park Princeton
Park Duluth
Passport Parking
ParkOakPark
19. CONTÁCTENOS
Si tiene preguntas con respecto al presente Aviso o a nuestras prácticas de manejo de la información, envíe un correo electrónico a privacy@passportinc.com o escríbanos a Passport Labs, Inc., a la atención de Privacy Officer, 128 S. Tryon Street, Suite 1o00, Charlotte, NC 28202, USA. También puede enviarnos preguntas a través de nuestro
Formulario de contacto
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.passportinc.com/privacy-shield/:
Welcome! We’re glad you’re here and want you to know that we respect your privacy and your right to control how we collect, use, and share your personal data.
Passport uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Learn more about our cookie use in our
Privacy Policy
. You consent to our use of cookies by continuing to use our website or by clicking, “Confirm."
Reject All
Customize Settings
Confirm
Privacy Shield Notice
Effective as of: December 21, 2018
At Passport Labs, Inc. (“
Passport
”), we respect your privacy expectations.  This Privacy Shield Notice (“
Notice
”) supplements our Privacy Policy available at
https://www.passportinc.com/privacy-policy/
and
https://www.passportparking.com/privacy-policy/
(together, the “
Website
”).
This Notice applies to individuals located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) and Switzerland with respect to the transfer of personal information to the United States.   The Notice describes our standards and procedures for handling personal information transferred from the EEA and Switzerland to the United States.   In this Notice where we use the words “
personal information
” we use these words to describe information that is about you and which identifies you.  Unless specifically defined in this Notice, the terms in this Notice have the same meaning given them in our Privacy Policy.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE EU-U.S. AND SWISS-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD FRAMEWORKS
Passport complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EEA or Switzerland, as the case may be, to the United States.  Passport has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Notice and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.
Scope.
Our commitment to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework covers personal information collected from the EEA or Switzerland and transferred to the U.S., including customer, user, website visitor, service provider and Partner data.  Our participation in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks does not apply to our human resources personal information.
How We Receive Personal Information.
We receive and process personal information from the EEA and Switzerland:
Directly from individuals through their use of our Services (such as in the course of interactions with the Services or communications with us whether by phone, email, chat, text, through the Apps or otherwise);
As an agent (as defined in the Privacy Shield Principles) from our Partners, service providers, and other third-party sources, when individuals have been made notified of such information-sharing, whether pursuant to our Privacy Policy on our Website or otherwise, or when the information is publicly available (such as from databases containing driver information).
Notice.
This Notice together with our Privacy Policy available on the Website describes our privacy practices, including who is responsible for the information we collect, the types of information we collect, how we use, share, retain, and protect this information, and the choices you, as one of our Users, have with respect to its access and use.  In addition to the reasons listed in “How We Share Information” in the Privacy Policy on our Website, we may share your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation and in response by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Choice.
You also have the right to opt out of (i) disclosures of your personal information to third parties not identified at the time of collection or subsequently authorized and (ii) uses of personal information for purposes materially different from those disclosed at the time of collection or subsequently authorized.  To exercise this right, please see the “Contact Us” section below.
Accountability for Onward Transfer.
If we receive personal information subject to our certification under the Privacy Shield and then transfer such information to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Privacy Shield if the agent processes such information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield except when we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.  If we transfer personal information outside the EU/EEA or Switzerland, we will implement appropriate and suitable safeguards to ensure that such data will be protected as required by applicable data protection law, including the Privacy Shield Frameworks.  Depending on the circumstances, we may rely enter into standard contractual clauses with certain entities, including our service providers, or rely on the European Commission’s adequacy decisions or, in certain cases, obtain consent.
Security.
Passport uses reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized use, access, loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Notwithstanding our security safeguards, it is impossible to guarantee absolute security in all situations. If you have any questions about the security of our Services, please contact us using the email address listed in “Contact Us” section below.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation.
We limit collection of personal information to the information that is relevant for the purpose of processing, as set forth in the Privacy Policy on our Website.  We retain your information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our rights, or as reasonably necessary for business purposes.  Where appropriate or legally required, we retain your information on our servers even after deletion or termination of your user account to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our rights.
Access.
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you.  If such information is inaccurate or processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, you may also request that such information be corrected, amended or deleted.  For additional information on the right to access and other rights available to you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), including how to exercise such rights, please see the “Your Rights” section of the Privacy Policy on our Website and “Contact Us” section below.
Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.
Our Internal Recourse Mechanism
.  In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact us at
privacy@passportinc.com
or at the address listed in the “Contact Us” section below.  We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe, but in no event less than forty-five (45) days after receipt of your complaint.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
.  If a complaint cannot be resolved through our internal process, we commit to cooperate with the panel established by the EU/EEA data protection authorities (DPAs) or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and will comply with the advice given by the DPAs with regard to personal information transferred from the EU/EEA and with the advice given by the FDPIC with regard to personal information transferred from Switzerland.  Such individuals may direct complaints about their personal information to their respective DPA or the FDPIC (as applicable).
Binding Arbitration
.  You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms pursuant to the Privacy Shield’s Recourse, Enforcement and Liability Principle and
Annex I
of the Privacy Shield.
Regulatory Oversight.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the Privacy Shield.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
We may update this Notice to account for changes consistent with the requirements of the EU-U.S. and/or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks.  Any changes we make to this Notice in the future will be posted on this page.  The updated Notice will take effect as soon as it has been updated or otherwise communicated to you.  We encourage you to review this Notice for updates each time you use our Services.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Notice or our information handling practices, please contact us at
privacy@passportinc.com
or write to us at Passport Labs, Inc., Attention: Privacy Officer, 128 S. Tryon Street, Suite 2200, Charlotte, NC 28202 USA.  You can also submit your questions through our Contact Us form available on the Website.