Privacy policy
P.E. Smartphoneware respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Web site, all games and applications licensed to customers via the Site or elsewhere (the "Apps"). Smartphoneware thus provides this privacy statement to explain what information is gathered during a visit to the Site and/or use of the Apps and how such information may be used.
We don’t collect personal Information from children with our mobile applications
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any personal information about you.
Information that we collect
Information that we get about you from other services Such as Google, Apple AppStore, Flurry Analytics, Google Play and others. This information includes:
Device information - device-specific information such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Log information - this may include: internet protocol address, device event information, such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL, cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or yourAccount.
Unique application numbers - certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number).
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
How we use information that we collect
We use the information that we collect from all of our applications to improve our applications and make it better for you. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners, such as publishers or advertisers. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.﻿
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make using our Site easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. These cookies are restricted for use only on our Site, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can, however, reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please consult the technical information relevant to your browser for instructions. If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of the Site and/or the Apps may not function properly or may be considerably slower.
Third Party Services
We may feature advertising and tracking tools within our Service. The Third Party Services may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
Our services may contain third party advertising and tracking tools from our service providers such as:
AdMob
is Google’s platform for advertising, monetizing, and promoting mobile apps. It allows developers to utilize in-app advertising and provides insight into aspects of the use of the app by incorporating Google Analytics into the platform.
More information on how Google uses data provided by application:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Flurry
is Yahoo’s mobile advertising monetization platform that aims to improve marketing through mobile app advertising. A Flurry Analytics component helps developers analyze and measure app activity so as to monetize the app most effectively with this data.
Flurry privacy policy:
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Chartboost
is a San Francisco-based mobile game discovery and monetization platform. The company, which acts as a business engine for mobile games, allows video game developers to create customized interstitial and video ads, promote new games, and swap traffic with one another.
Chartboost privacy policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
When you request support, you may send us email
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only.
Information sharing and disclosure
We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our website and Apps, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
Links Within Apps
Some apps have external links such as to our website, to YouTube, to the App Store you downloaded from, or to our social media profiles to allow you to find out more about our company, our products and services.
Changes
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at support@smartphoneware.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12