We use cookies and similar technologies to run this website and help us understand how you use it.
Accept all
Lotus Bud
Mindfulness Bell
Lotus Bud Mindfulness Bell
Version History
Download Mindfulness Bell
Meditation Timer
Lotus Bud Meditation Timer
Version History
Download Meditation Timer
Other
News
My Artwork
Thirty-Two a Drawing App
Support
Privacy Policy
Menu
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Lotus Bud’s website and our apps (Lotus Bud Meditation Timer and Lotus Bud Mindfulness Bell) for iPhone and iPad and any other devices and platforms.
TLDR; (Too long didn’t read version)
:  We don’t want your data.  We want you to enjoy our apps, not worry about someone sticking their nose in your business.  See details below:
Information we collect
We do not collect any personal information about you or your usage of the apps.  When you email from the app for support, some data is sent to help troubleshoot issues.  This includes your email address you are sending from, the other info is in plain text in the email.  We do not use this for any other reason than to help you if there is a technical problem.  All other user entered data is kept on the device your entered it on, and syncs with Apple’s iCloud if you have that enabled.  This stays on the device unless you choose to share it explicitly.
Technical overview
If you enable notifications, we must store a token in order to send them. We never use notifications for marketing.
If you share your content (i.e. a note on a meditation session) from the app, you are sharing it with the person or service you are sending it to
only
.  We do not record this and the sharing is handled by Apple’s sharing frameworks.
Ads and analytics
Lotus Bud does not show ads and therefore does not share any analytic data with any third party services.  When you consent to share data with developers on your Apple devices, we get anonymous reports about crashes and basic usage data.  We use this to improve the app experience.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish Lotus Bud’s functionality.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. Primarily we do not handle it outside of the application’s sandboxed container or iCloud servers.  That data is only accessible to you via the app and we do not have access to it.
You may access, change your information or delete it from the Lotus Bud Meditation Timer and Lotus Bud Mindfulness Bell iOS app
When you request to delete data it is deleted from the app on your device and in iCloud, if it is synced there.
Third-party links and content
Lotus Bud uses Apple’s App Store, and development services. These have their own independent privacy policies, and we have no responsibility or liability for their content or activities.  No other third party services are used.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using Lotus Bud and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email privacy@lotusbudapp.com.