News
Games
About Us
Social &
                        Video
Contact
Newsletter
News
Games
About Us
Social & Video
Contact
Get our
Newsletter
Imprint
Publisher
Headup GmbH
AG Düren HRB 5453
Nordstr. 102, 52353 Düren
Tel.: +49 (0)2421 4868700
eMail: info@headupgames.com
press contact:
press@headupgames.com
Registergericht:
Amtsgericht Düren HRB 5453
Umsatzsteuer-Identifikationsnummer:
DE286515508
Design & Programming
Der Grizzly
Sebastian Eicker
www.der-grizzly.com
Data protection declaration
Name and contact data of the controllers responsible for processing, as well as the company data
                        protection officer.
                        This data protection information applies to data processing by:
                        Controller: Headup GmbH, e-mail: info@headupgames.com, tel: 024214868700
The company data protection officer can be reached at the aforementioned address or under
                        “info@headupgames.com”.
Collection and storage of personal data and the purpose of their use
When visiting the website
When accessing our website URL, the browser used on your end device automatically sends information
                        to our website’s server. This information is stored temporarily in a so-called log file. The
                        following information is collected and stored without any action on your part, until its automatic
                        erasure:
IP address of the accessing computer
Date and time of the access
Name and URL of the retrieved file
Website from which access was made
Browser used and, where applicable, the operating system of your computer and the name of your
                        access provider.
The aforementioned data will be processed by us for the following purposes:
Guaranteeing the smooth connection setup of the website
Guaranteeing the comfortable use of our website
Evaluating system security and stability, and
Other administrative purposes
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 (1) f GDPR. Our legitimate interest is derived from
                        the purposes listed above for data collection. Under no circumstances shall we use the data
                        collected for the purpose of making any inferences to your person.
In addition, we also use cookies and analytical services for visits to our website. More information
                        on this can be found in Sections 4 and 5 of this data protection declaration.
When registering for our newsletter
Provided you have given your explicit consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a GDPR, we shall use
                        your e-mail address in order to send you our newsletter regularly. To receive the newsletter, the
                        provision of an e-mail address is sufficient.
It is possible to unsubscribe at any time, for example via a link at the end of each newsletter.
                        Alternatively, you can request to be unsubscribed at any time by sending an e-mail to “mail
                        address”.
When using our contact form
For queries of all kinds we offer you the possibility to contact us by means of a form provided on
                        the website. This requires the input of a valid e-mail address, so that we know from whom the
                        request has come, and in order to reply. Additional information can be provided voluntarily. We
                        process data for the purpose of making contact in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a GDPR on the basis of
                        your voluntary consent. The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be
                        erased automatically once your query has been dealt with.
When concluding a contract
When concluding a contract, the following data will be collected from you:
Name
Residential address
Invoice/delivery address, if different to the residential address
E-mail address
You may provide the following data voluntarily:
Telephone number
We collect data for the purpose of concluding a contract on a legal basis in accordance with Art. 6
                        (1) b GDPR. These data are stored for as long as necessary to fulfil our contractual obligations,
                        for as long as required by law or, in the case of (ii), until you have withdrawn your consent to
                        store the data. In the event of (ii), data is collected in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a GDPR on the
                        basis of the consent you have given voluntarily.
Forwarding data
Your personal data will not be transferred to any third party for any purpose other than those listed
                        below.
We shall forward your personal data to third parties only
if you have given your explicit consent, in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a GDPR
if under Art. 6 (1) f GDPR the transfer is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of
                        legal claims, and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest, which must be
                        protected, in the non-forwarding of your data
in the event that there is a legal obligation to forward the data under Art. 6 (1) c GDPR and
if this is legally permissible and necessary under Art. 6 (1) b GDPR for the processing of
                        contractual relationships with you.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. These are small files that are created automatically by your browser
                        and stored on your end device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you visit our site. Cookies do
                        not cause any damage to your end device, and do not contain any viruses, Trojans or other
                        malware.
The cookie contains information derived in connection with the specific end device used in each
                        case. However, this does not mean that we gain knowledge of your identity by these means.
The use of cookies serves on the one hand to make the use of our offer more comfortable for you.
                        Thus we use so-called session cookies in order to recognise that you have already visited individual
                        pages of our website. These are deleted automatically once you leave our website.
In addition, we also use temporary cookies to optimise user-friendliness, which are stored on your
                        end device for a certain defined period. If your visit our website again, in order to avail of our
                        services, it is automatically recognised that you have already visited us before, and which inputs
                        and settings you established, so that you do not have to repeat the process.
On the other hand we use cookies in order to record and analyse statistics for the purpose of
                        optimising our offer for you (see Section 5). These cookies allow us to recognise automatically,
                        when you visit our website, that you have already visited us previously. These cookies are deleted
                        automatically after a defined period of time.
The data processed with cookies are necessary for the aforementioned purposes to protect our
                        legitimate interests and those of third parties pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can configure your browser in such a manner
                        that no cookies are stored on your computer, or a notification always appears before a new cookie is
                        installed. However, the complete deactivation of cookies may mean that you cannot use all of the
                        functions of our website.
Analytical tools
Tracking tools
The tracking measures listed below and used by us are conducted on the basis of Art. 6 (1) f GDPR.
                        With the tracking measures used, we aim to safeguard the needs-based design and ongoing optimisation
                        of our website. On the other hand, we use tracking measures in order to record and analyse
                        statistics for the purpose of optimising our offer for you. These interests are deemed to be
                        legitimate under the aforementioned regulations.
                        Each of the data processing purposes and data categories should be taken from the respective
                        tracking tools.
Social media plugins
On the basis of Art. 6 (1) f GDPR, we use social plugins of the social networks Facebook, Twitter
                        and Instagram on our website, in order to make ourselves better known. The underlying advertising
                        purpose is deemed to be a legitimate interest as defined by the GDPR. Responsibility for data
                        protection-compliant operation lies with each respective provider. We integrate these plugins by
                        means of the so-called two-click method, in order to protect visitors to our website as well as
                        possible.
Facebook
Social media Facebook plugins are used on our website in order to makes its use more personal. To
                        this end we use the “LIKE” or “SHARE” button. This is an offer from Facebook.
                        When you access one of the pages on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser makes a
                        direct connection with the Facebook servers. The content of the plugins is sent directly from
                        Facebook to your browser, which integrates it into the website.
                        By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the
                        relevant page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account or are not logged onto
                        Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly by your browser to a
                        Facebook server in the USA and stored there.
                        If you are logged onto Facebook, Facebook can link the visit to our website directly to your
                        Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking on the “LIKE or “SHARE”
                        buttons, the information will also be transferred directly to a Facebook server and stored there.
                        The information will also be published on Facebook and displayed to your Facebook friends.
                        Facebook may use this information for the purpose of advertising, market research and the
                        needs-related design of Facebook pages. To this end, Facebook creates usage, interests and
                        relationship profiles, e.g. in order to evaluate your use of our website with regard to the
                        advertising shown to you on Facebook, to inform other Facebook users about your activities on our
                        website, and to provide other services connected to the use of Facebook.
                        If you do not want Facebook to link data collected via our website with your Facebook account, you
                        must log out of Facebook prior to visiting our website.
                        For information on the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use
                        of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this regard and settings options to protect your
                        privacy, please consult the Facebook data protection notice
                        (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).
Twitter
Our website pages contain integrated plugins from the short message network Twitter Inc. (Twitter).
                        You can recognise the Twitter plugins (tweet button) from the Twitter logo on our website. An
                        overview of tweet buttons can be found here (https://about.twitter.com/resources/buttons).
                        When you access one of the pages on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser makes a
                        direct connection with the Twitter servers. In this manner, Twitter receives the information that
                        you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click on the “tweet button” while you are
                        logged onto your Twitter account, you can link the content of our website with your Twitter profile.
                        This enables Twitter to link the visit to our website with your user account. We wish to point out
                        that we, as the operator of the website, do not have any knowledge of the content of the data
                        transmitted or their use by Twitter.
                        If you do not want Twitter to be able to link your visit to our website with your account, please
                        log out of your Twitter user account. More information can be found in the Twitter data protection
                        declaration (https://twitter.com/privacy).
Instagram
Our website also uses so-called social plugins (“plugins”) from Instagram, which are operated by
                        Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (“Instagram”).
                        The plugins are marked with an Instagram logo, for example in the form of an “Instagram
                        camera”.
                        When you access one of the pages on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser makes a
                        direct connection with the Instagram server. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly by
                        Instagram to your browser and integrated into the website. This integration enables Instagram to
                        receive the information that your browser accessed the relevant page of our website, even if you do
                        not have an Instagram profile or are not logged onto Instagram.
                        This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly by your browser to an Instagram
                        server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged onto Instagram, Instagram can directly link
                        your visit to our website to your Instagram account. If you interact with the plugins, for example
                        by clicking on the “Instagram” button, this information is also transmitted to an Instagram server
                        and stored there.
                        The information is also published on your Instagram account and shown to your contacts.
                        If you do not want Instagram to link data collected via our website with your Instagram account, you
                        must log out of Instagram prior to visiting our website.
                        More information can be found in the Instagram data protection declaration
                        (https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388).
Discord
Social plugins (“plugins”) from Discord are also used on our website.
You can recognise the Discord plugin from the Discord logo on our website.
When you access one of the pages on our website that contains such a plugin, your browser makes a
                        direct connection with the Discord server. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly by
                        Discord to your browser and integrated into the website. This integration enables Discord to receive
                        the information that your browser accessed the relevant page of our website, even if you do not have
                        a Discord profile or are not logged onto Discord.
This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly by your browser to a Discord
                        server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged onto Discord, Instagram can directly link your
                        visit to our website to your Discord account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by
                        clicking on the “Discord” button, this information is also transmitted to a Discord server and
                        stored there.
In addition, the information is also published on the Discord server and shown to participants
                        there.
If you do not want Discord to link data collected via our website with your Discord account, you
                        must log out of Discord prior to visiting our website.
More information can be found in the Discord data protection declaration
                        (https://discordapp.com/privacy).
Data subject rights
You have the right:
• pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, to demand information about your personal data that we have processed.
                        In particular, you can obtain information about the purposes of the processing, The categories of
                        personal data concerned, the recipients or category of recipients to whom you data have been or will
                        be disclosed, the envisaged period for which the data will be stored, the existence of the right to
                        request rectification, erasure, or restriction of the processing, or to object to it, the right to
                        lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, the source of your data, if these have not been
                        collected by us, and on the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and any
                        other meaningful information about their details or the logic involved;
pursuant to Art. 16 GDPR, to demand the immediate rectification or completion of inaccurate personal
                        data stored by us;
pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR, to demand the erasure of personal data stored by us, unless their
                        processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for
                        compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest, or for the establishment,
                        exercise or defence of legal claims;
pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data in cases
                        where you contest the accuracy of the data, where the processing is unlawful yet you oppose the
                        erasure of the personal data, where we no longer need the data but you still require them to
                        establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or where you have objected to the processing of the data
                        pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR;
pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR, to obtain your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured,
                        commonly used and machine-readable format and to demand the transfer of these data to another
                        controller;
pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR, to withdraw your consent at any time, which will mean that in future we
                        may no longer carry out the data processing that was contingent upon this consent and
pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In general you can
                        contact the supervisory authority of your usual residence or place of employment, or that of our
                        company headquarters for this purpose.
Right of objection
Insofar as your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests in accordance with
                        Art. 6 (1) f GDPR, you have the right, under Art. 21 GDPR, to object to the processing of your
                        personal data, provided there are reasons relating to your particular situation or if the objection
                        relates to direct marketing. In the latter case, you have a general right to object, which shall be
                        implemented by us without any reference to a particular situation.
If you wish to avail of your right to withdraw or object, an e-mail to “mail address” will
                        suffice.
Data security
During your visit to our website we use the widespread SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method in
                        combination with the currently highest encryption level that is supported by your browser. This is
                        generally a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we revert
                        instead to 128-bit v3 technology. You can see whether individual pages of our website are
                        transmitted in encrypted form by means of the closed illustration of the key or lock symbol in your
                        browser’s status bar.
Furthermore, we avail of suitable technical and organisation security measures in order to protect
                        your data against random or deliberate manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction, or
                        unauthorised third-party access. Our security measures are improved on an ongoing basis in
                        accordance with technological developments.
Currency of and amendments to this data protection declaration
This data protection declaration is based on the requirements of the General Data Protection
                        Regulation, which takes effect in May 2018, as well as the German Federal Data Protection Regulation
                        (new). It is updated on an ongoing basis.
Privacy Policy for Dead End Job
Dead End Job collects data and stores it on Apple services such as iCloud for game saves and
                        Game Center for achievements. We do not store personal or gameplay data on our servers.
Dead End Job collects, uses, and discloses data from kids in the same way as for other users, as
                        described in this policy. Dead End Job’s use of kids’ data is limited to support internal
                        operations of the game. Parents can request deletion of data by contacting us at:
                        support@headupgames.com
For any support inquiries on Dead End Job, please reach out to Headup GmbH (AG Düren HRB 5453),
                        Nordstr. 102, 52353 Düren, Tel.: +49 (0)2421 4868700 or via eMail: support@headupgames.com