Privacy Statement
APREE HEALTH PRIVACY POLICY
(Engaged Members)
Effective: January 23, 2025
We value and respect the privacy of our members, patients and users (collectively, “
Engaged
Members
”) of
apree health
(“
apree,
”“
our
,” “
us
,” or “
we
” ). apree refers to the national healthcare delivery organization consisting of the following companies: i)
Vera Whole Health, Inc.,
including its affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as the Vera-friendly PCs, (collectively, “
Vera
”); and ii)
Castlight Health, Inc.
, including its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “
Castlight
”).
This Privacy Policy is applicable to the above-mentioned companies and is specific to your use of Vera’s “
My Vera App
” and Castlight’s “
Castlight Platform,
” which is defined as the suite of apree Company Offerings (collectively “
Services
”). This policy also supplements the privacy practices concerning health Information governed by our
Notices of Privacy Practices
and terms as identified in our
Terms of Use
.
apree’s Services:
Vera serves as apree’s advanced primary care clinic, where clinical services are accessible in its various care center
state locations
, via web at
https://app.verawholehealth.com
, and within the “
My Vera App
” available on the
App Store
and/or
Google Play
.
Castlight is apree’s health & wellness digital app, referred to as the “
Castlight Platform
” and is accessible via web at
https://us.castlighthealth.com
and the
App Store
and/or
Google Play
.
We encourage you to read this entire Privacy Policy so that you understand how your Personal Information (as defined in Section 1) is collected, used and disclosed, and your rights in relation to such information. If you do not agree with or are not comfortable with this Privacy Policy or our
Terms of Use
, you should immediately discontinue use of any apree Company Offering or Service.
Table of Contents:
Section 1 – Personal Information We Collect
Section 2 – Why We Collect Your Personal Information
Section 3 – Disclosing Your Personal Information
Section 4 – Your Right and Choices
Section 5 – De-Identified and Aggregated Information
Section 6 – Information Security
Section 7 – International Members
Section 8 – Updates to Our Policy And How To Contact Us
SECTION 1 – PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information refers to information that reasonably identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with your identity. We will only collect Personal Information from “
Engaged Members,
” which for purposes of this Privacy Policy, means any individual whose eligibility to use an apree Company Offering has been authorized by a member’s employer or employer-sponsored health plan and completes the registration process for our Services. Engaged Members may also include employees or health plan members and their adult dependents, who are eligible to use our Services through the employee’s benefits program.
This Privacy Policy is not intended for and does not apply to Personal Information that may be collected from (i) unregistered members; (ii) visitors, customers, and/or prospects visiting
www.castlighthealth.com/
,
www.verawholehealth.com
, or
https://apreehealth.com
, which has its own
Website Privacy Notice
that applies; or (iii) third party sites or applications.
The types of Personal Information that we may collect about you may include, but are not limited to, the following:
Information Your Employer or Health Plan Provides.
Registration.
To verify your eligibility for and to enable your registration and use of our Service, your employer or health plan will provide us with specific Personal Information about you, such as your first and last name, email address, home address, and employee ID.
Providing Our Services.
To the extent you provide authorization, your health plan or its third party administrator may disclose specific sensitive Personal Information details, such as your i) healthcare claims and treatment data, including medical, dental, pharmacy, and behavioral health services; ii) healthcare financial information, (ii) health payor information, and/or iv) other medical and/or health information, (collectively, “
Health Information
”) to us so that we may provide services to you.
Eligible Dependents.
To the extent you include dependents on your health insurance plan, we may receive information about your eligible dependents, such as a spouse, partner and/or child(ren). We will collect Personal Information such as their first and last name, as well as Health Information directly from the health plan. You may also invite your adult dependent to register for our Services. While we may collect Personal Information for a dependent who is under the age of 18 years old, our Services are not directed to children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any individual who is under 18 years old for the purposes of allowing them to register for or use our Services. Any Personal Information collected from individuals under 18 is for the benefit of the Engaged Member and/or their adult dependent.
Information You Provide to Register.
Registration
. To register for and use our Service, you are required to create a username and password and provide us with certain Personal Information to verify your account, such as your first and last name, email address, and birthdate. We may also request a unique identifier, such as your employee ID or last six digits of your social security number to confirm your eligibility if required by your employer. You may be asked to enter this information directly, but sometimes this information may be pre-filled if we received your credentials from your employer.
Information You Voluntarily Provide.
While Using apree Services
. While using our Services, you may choose to share Personal Information, such as your home address and phone number to enable optimal use of our services. You may also choose to disclose Personal Information on your Member Profile (e.g., name, username, location or other relevant text, video or image content, etc.).
When You Contact Us.
When you engage with our Services, such as by communicating with our Care or Member Support teams, you may provide Personal Information, including Health Information to enable our teams to answer your questions or manage issues with your account. In certain circumstances, our teams are likely to already have access to certain details of your Personal Information, but may access it for verification purposes or to resolve specific requests.
Surveys, Questionnaires, and Feedback.
You can provide us with Personal Information when you participate in surveys, questionnaires, or feedback about your experience with our Services. If you participate, we may request contact information (e.g., name and address) or demographic details (e.g., age, gender, etc). In most cases, you will have the option to provide feedback anonymously.
Concerning Other Eligible Members.
You may provide us with Personal Information of another eligible member, who has not yet registered, such as the name and email address of your adult dependent or co-worker to invite them to register for our Service or share content. When you provide us with another’s Personal Information, we will only use the information for the specific purpose for which it was provided. If you believe that an Engaged Member has provided us with your Personal Information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at
privacy@apreehealth.com
.
Information We Automatically Collect From You
. When you use our Services via the My Vera App or the Castlight Platform, we collect certain Personal Information specific to your device automatically for the purposes of administering our Services, analyzing trends, and monitoring service traffic and usage patterns for internal security purposes, and other ways to help make our Services more useful, such as understanding your preferences, and how you navigate through our Services to help us improve your Engaged Member experience. The types of device details that we automatically collect include:
Device, OS Version, Log Files and Computer Information.
We collect information on the type of device you use, device identifiers, Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system version, and other system characteristics (e.g., date and time you access our Services). We may also collect hardware information about your computer.
Usage Information.
We may collect information about your interactions with our Services, such as the content you view, the links you click, and your search queries or terms.
Location Information.
We may also collect your location-based information, such as your IP address, email, physical address, zip code, and other data that may personally identify you, to provide our Services.
Tracking Technologies.
Our Services use cookies and may use other tracking technologies such as web beacons, tags, scripts, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information about your use of our services in compliance with HIPAA. Please note, we currently do not respond to a “Do Not Track” signal from your browser or mobile application due to lack of standardization regarding how that signal should be interpreted. For more information about the type of cookies we use and how to manage your cookie preferences, please review
apree Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect From Our Preferred Partners About You.
apree Services may integrate with preferred Ecosystem Partners (e.g., a diabetes management solution) and/or third party apps/devices (e.g., a fitness tracker), (collectively "Preferred Partners”) so that you may have optimal use of meeting your health and wellness needs. If you choose to use their services, our Preferred Partners can, in turn, provide certain Personal Information about you to us to give us a whole picture of your health and wellness journey. In certain cases, we may also share details about you with them, if you allow. Please be aware, that if you choose to integrate our Services with a Preferred Partner, certain Personal and Health Information may be required as part of your registration process with them and their privacy policy and other member-facing terms will govern their use of how they collect, use and process your Personal Information. The types of Personal Information Collected, Used and Disclosed between Us and Preferred Partners may include, but is not limited to:
Member enrollment
:
Member email address, registration, and other account creation data.
Member information
: Physical, Sleep, Calories, Heart Rate, Nutrition Activity data.
Activity Completion
: Action steps indicating completion of tasks towards incentives for achieving or improving set thresholds.
Health and Claims Details
: Healthcare and pharmacy claims information from your health plan.
Health Assessment Information:
Health Risk Assessment member responses to questions and the personalized recommendations populated.
Biometric screening:
Details around your Body Mass Index (“BMI”), Blood Pressure, Cholesterol, and related health screenings with action steps for scheduling tests.
Managed Health Programs:
Enrollment and completion of Disease and Care Management for Chronic Conditions programs; Employee Assistance programs (“EAP”); Medication Management programs; Prescription and Non-prescription programs; and other managed health programs.
Access to Care:
Enrollment and completion of Virtual Care services such as telemedicine; In-person care at a
Vera care center
or other care entity; participation in Provider Search and appointment scheduling; Medical and Dental Insurer benefit programs; and other access care programs.
Health maintenance and wellness:
Enrollment and completion of Weight Management programs; Pregnancy/Fertility programs; Stress/Resilience, Cognitive and Emotional assessments; Nutrition management programs; Smoking Cessation including tobacco use, nicotine replacement therapy programs; Physical Fitness programs; Sleep management programs; and other health maintenance and wellness programs.
Finance and wealth management:
Tax-advantaged savings programs, such as Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts and other enrollment, participation towards incentives for completion programs.
Geolocation Data:
Tracking details that may be automatically transmitted based on your choice to track your location.
SECTION 2 – WHY WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect your Personal Information for, but not limited to, the following purposes.
Managing Your Communication Preferences.
To offer and ensure that you are aware of and engage in our Services, we may initiate outreach communications to the email, phone number and/or address that we have on file. Outreach communications are meant to inform you of available benefit offerings, keep you up-to-date on your health and wellness goals or new initiatives, and provide information on certain health details, such as appointments, metrics, challenges, incentives, etc. For specific details on ways to opt-out, please review Section 4. We may conduct the following, but not limited to, outreach communications:
Email Communications.
We may send i) invitations to register for our app; ii) appointment reminders; iii) tips, education or information about health and wellness related information; and/or iv) emails encouraging you to review personalized recommendations within the My Vera app or the Castlight Platform. We may also respond to email inquiries we receive from you.
Phone Calls.
A Care Team member may initiate outbound phone calls, on a recorded line. As these calls are not pre-recorded or automated, we will ask you a few questions to first verify your identity before discussing any Personal Information, including health details.
SMS Text Messages.
We may send SMS texts to you during designated times. Our texts will be sent by our service provider, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, and will be sent for the purpose of encouraging your use of our Services or to send you reminders. No mobile information such as text message originator opt-in and consent details will be shared with our third parties/affiliates/business partners for marketing/promotional purposes. Also, your opt-in is not transferable to another member.
In-App Messages.
Once you download and register for our Services, we consider in-app messaging to be secure and private. We may respond to messages we receive directly from you or connect with you and send you messages based on personalized recommendations relating to your available benefits.
Home Mailers.
We may also send postcards, letters or other informational and/or promotional materials to the home address we have on file for you as a way to introduce our Services to you.
Providing apree Services.
To operate, promote, improve, administer, monitor and provide our Services, we will collect your Personal Information. This collection may include many uses such as, but not limited to:
Ensure that you have registered or completed account setup, including identity authentication.
Direct you to programs, actions, content and/or events that may be pertinent and helpful to you based on relevant data, such as information you choose to share with us or benefit programs your Employer and/or Health Plan promotes, in an effort to customize your experience.
Support incentives that encourage you to use programs that can help you achieve your goals.
Determine if you have started/completed activities or achieved a desired goal within our Services.
Assist a Preferred Partner in administering its programs to you within our Services.
Administer any sweepstakes or promotions, purchases, donations, or other activities.
Responding to Administrative Requirements and Issues.
As you use our Services, we may need to collect your Personal Information for any of the following, but not limited to, administrative items:
Protect your safety or the safety of others, including the promotion of integrity and security of our Service.
Prevent and detect harmful activity, including investigating privacy and/or security incidents, spam, fraud and abuse.
Resolve any disputes and enforce our agreements with you, our customers or any third party.
Diagnose and troubleshoot problems, or detect and protect against error.
Enforce this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, and any other terms, to which you may have agreed.
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take great care to ensure your Personal Information is only disclosed to or accessed by those who need to perform their roles and responsibilities. The ways in which we may disclose your Personal Information include, but may not be limited to the following.
Personal Information Disclosed To Your Employer.
For the privacy protection of our members, we do not share specific Health Information with your employer. However, and as permitted under applicable data protection laws, we may provide limited and necessary data to the plan administrator or benefit consultant associated with your employer to assist them in the management, administration and evaluation of your employer sponsored health plan benefits. As this information disclosed does not infringe on your privacy protections, such disclosures may include, but are not limited to:
Member Completion Activity.
We may share
the names of members and IDs associated with your health and wellness activity completion for the purposes of awarding benefit incentives. For example, we may inform your plan administrator whether or not you completed your annual wellness exam, but we will not share specific testing or diagnosis based on such activity.
Testimonials, Surveys or Reviews.
We may share anonymous data necessary for the purposes of evaluating our Services.
Personal Information Disclosed to our Care Team.
Depending on the type of Services available to you and to the extent we have the requisite member authorizations and customer contracts in place, our Care Team (e.g., care guides, health coaches, and clinical providers) may have access to your Personal Information, including Health Information, such as medical claims, dental, and prescription details for the purposes of providing coordinated care and personalized support and recommendations on your health care journey.
Personal Information Disclosed for the Facilitation and Coordination Benefits.
While using our Services, your Personal Information, including Health Information, such as healthcare related claims data, may be used and disclosed to facilitate and coordinate your receipt of insurance benefits.
Personal Information Disclosed to Third Party Administrators.
If required by your employer or employer-sponsored health plan, we may provide your Personal Information to a third party administrator that will access your Personal Information, anonymize it and create aggregated anonymous analytical data for such employer's health and wellness programs.
Personal Information Disclosed to a Designated Person(s)
. Some features allow you to disclose your Personal Information to a spouse, domestic partner, or other adult dependent that you designate if you allow them to view/manage your account. These designated persons may view all or a limited view, if you allow and you can manage this setting in your account at any time.
Personal Information Disclosed when Participating in Activities.
If participating in an activity, such as a group challenge, you may tag, follow, or allow other Engaged Members to follow you, add comments, have conversations, and otherwise share your Personal Information. Please note that comments, postings, or content posted by another member following or mentioning you cannot be removed by you.
Personal Information Disclosed to Vendors.
We may work with trusted and contracted third party vendors (e.g., customer support; communications management; marketing; or cloud, network and security vendors) in making our Services available to you. When you sign up for our Services, we may share Personal Information with our vendors, only as is necessary for them to help us provide our Services to you. Our vendors are legally obligated to protect your Personal Information and may not use it for any purpose, except to assist us in providing our Services to you. To the extent we contract with a payment processing vendor (for example, if you pay a copay fee during an office visit at a
Vera care center
), we will ensure your payment information is treated in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
Personal Information Disclosed for Business Transactions.
If apree is involved in any merger, acquisition, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or insolvency event, we may transfer some or all of our assets, including all or a portion of your information in connection with such transaction, and we will notify you if your Personal Information becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Personal Information Disclosed for Legal and Compliance Purposes.
We may share the information collected through the use of our Services with law enforcement agencies, government agencies, hired consultants, or external law firms to respond to valid legal processes (e.g., a court order or subpoena). We may also share your information to comply with applicable laws, to protect the safety of any person, to address suspected fraud, security, or technical issues, or to enforce this Policy, our
Terms of Use,
and any other terms or conditions you have agreed to with us. To the extent any Personal Information disclosed potentially relates to Reproductive Health Care, we will ensure this information is restricted and not disclosed for Legal and Compliance purposes, including criminal, civil, or administrative investigations, law enforcement, judicial and other administrative proceedings.
Personal Information Disclosed for the Protection of Vital Interests.
We may share information collected through the use of our Services if we believe it is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of any person.
Personal Information Disclosed for Single Sign-On Integrations.
By registering for our Services, you also consent to single sign-on (“
SSO
”) integrations with certain third party websites, such as
Google
or
HealthEquity
, once activated. Such SSO integrations may be selected by your employer and require that we disclose your limited Personal Information to the applicable third party to verify your identity to gain access to the third party site, without requiring you to provide your login credentials to such third party. Such Personal Information may include your first and last name and email address.
Facilitation of Third Party Orders.
If you order a device, application, or service through our Services that is sold by a third-party, we may direct you to such third-party to facilitate the order.
SECTION 4 – YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Your privacy rights are important to us. The following rights are available to you based on your use of our apree Services. To the extent you need to exercise a right as described in this section, you may email us at
privacy@apreehealth.com
, unless specified differently below. To review the complete policy for privacy rights and choices that are granted to you by your state, as well specific details on exercising your rights, please review our
Supplemental State Privacy Policy
.
Engaged Member Privacy Rights
Right To Access
You have the right to access personal information that we may collect or retain about you. If requested, we shall provide you with a copy of your personal information which we collected as permitted by the federal and state Privacy Laws.
Right To Know
You have the right to request the following about your personal information we collected and used about you:
The specific personal information we have collected;
The categories of personal information we have collected;
The categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information;
The business purpose(s) for collecting or sharing your personal information;
The categories of personal information we disclosed for business purposes; and
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information.
**California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Right To Opt-Out / Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties for some purposes, including sharing that may be defined as a sale under applicable laws.
Please note, that apree does not sell your personal information and we don’t share it with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising.
**In the event we show ads, personal information may be sourced from publicly available, de-identified, or aggregated information. In limited circumstances, specific identifiers such as name, location, registration status are shared with vendors when the applicable law allows and a valid business associate agreement has been signed between us and the vendor.
Do Not Share Or Disclose My Sensitive Personal Information
You have the right to limit how your sensitive personal information is disclosed or shared with third parties to only which is necessary for providing our Services to you. You may exercise this right before we may use or disclose any of your sensitive personal information (such as health information).
Right to Deletion
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect and retain, subject to certain exceptions. Once deleted and, as applicable, we will direct our vendors to delete your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your request to delete your personal information if retaining the information is necessary for us or our vendors, subject to certain exemptions based on your state of residence. Following your request, limited information pertaining to your deletion request will be kept on file to ensure your personal information is not processed at a later date.
Right to Correct (Rectification)
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request correction of any inaccurate personal information. Upon verifying its validity, we may use commercially reasonable efforts to correct your personal information as directed, to the extent possible.
Right To Data Portability
You also have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and commonly used format that can be transferred to another entity.
Right To Non-Discrimination
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, access, deletion or to opt-out of sales.
Right to Opt-Out of Location Based Notifications
You may opt-out of any location-based services or push notifications at any time by adjusting the mobile device setting in your phone.
Right to Opt-Out from Communication Preferences
You have the right to opt-out of all or certain outreach communications that you receive from us and we will store your adjusted communication preferences in our internal Do Not Contact List. If you later decide to opt-in to a certain outreach communication, we will adjust your preferences for only that communication method. In certain circumstances, communications such as notification of changes to our policies and terms, authentication of your account, updates to our Services and products, and/or confirmation details must be sent to you to inform you of these updates. Otherwise, you may opt-out of the following types of outreach communications by email at
privacy@apreehealth.com
or as specified below:
Emails.
You may opt-out of any informational or promotional email you receive from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email..
Phone Calls
. You may opt-out of receiving any initiated outbound phone call from us by informing the representative over the phone that you do not want to receive phone calls from us.
SMS Text Messages.
You understand that you are not required to opt-in to SMS communications to use our Services. To opt-out of SMS texts, you may reply “
STOP
” to a text message received from us. After you reply “
STOP
,” we will reply once to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. For more information about SMS texts from us, please see
Section 3 – SMS Terms and Conditions
in our
Terms of Use
.
In-App Messages
. You may opt-out of any in-app message sent from us by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or adjusting your settings in your Communication Preferences.
Home Mailers.
You may inform us that you no longer wish to receive home mailers from us by email or phone as detailed above.
SECTION 5 – DE-IDENTIFIED AND AGGREGATED INFORMATION
How We May Use De-Identified and Aggregated Information. De-identification is a data processing technique that involves the removal of Personal Information that may be based, in part, on information that relates to you, but it does not allow for the identification of you, as an Engaged Member. Aggregation is a similar technique, in which we combine Personal Information about our Engaged Members so that we have a summary of the information. As this information no longer identifies or references a particular member, we are able to collect, combine and communicate details in terms of totals or summaries of our members, not identifiable members, however. If and when the Personal Information is considered Health Information, we remove the required PHI identifiers to ensure it meets the regulatory standard(s) for de-identification. We may de-identify or aggregate your Personal Information in the following ways.
Activity Completion Data:
If an employer requests member activity completion data, we will remove associated identifiers, such as names, dates of births, emails, member IDs, etc., and/or specific results that may identify members; however, we will share information that confirms that a group of unspecified members have completed a certain activity.
Statistical Reporting:
We sometimes combine various members’ anonymous data to create statistical data to inform our Services; however, no identifying information is included in aggregate reports as each individual remains anonymous. We may use aggregate data within our Services to understand the needs of our member community and determine what kinds of programs and services we can offer you.
Evaluate Patterns:
We may contract with your employer and/or health plan, Preferred Partner or others to share certain anonymized and aggregated data in order to evaluate patterns, utilization, usage, and trends throughout our Services. We may also share such information with you or other members of our Services.
apree Service Offerings:
We may also use this data to give potential customers, members, or service providers a picture of the Services provided via our Services. Although aggregate information may be provided or sold to third parties, at no time will we engage in the selling or illegal sharing of Personal Information of our members.
SECTION 6 – SECURITY AND RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security of Your Personal Information.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We implement the appropriate technical, physical, and administrative security measures to secure all information collected and stored by apree, as well as Personal Information provided by our Members, as certified by our HITRUST Certification and SOC 2 compliance audit. Our data centers are both physically and electronically secured and all communications occurring in-app between you and our servers are encrypted. Internal access to your Personal Information is also encrypted, and limited to the business needs of those with role-based access, only when necessary.
Retention of Your Personal Information.
In general, your Personal Information will be retained: (i) for as long as your account is active; (ii) as needed to provide or not provide our Services to you; and (iii) as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce our customer agreements. However, you may notify us directly if you would like all or a portion of your Personal Information removed. While we actively follow industry accepted standards to protect your Personal Information, no security system is perfect, and methods of transmission over the Internet and electronic storage are never 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security, however, we rely on our implemented security measures and our members ensure our protocols operate as intended.
SECTION 7– INTERNATIONAL MEMBERS
The Castlight Platform offers specific services to members located outside the United States. This section provides general information about how we collect, store, use, transfer, and otherwise process personal data from our internationally-based Engaged Members, who are located in the EEA at the time of data collection, (including, but not limited to members in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland) (collectively, the “EEA”), in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Castlight as a Controller and Processor
. Where Castlight collects Personal Data directly from a Data Subject member in the EEA within our Service, Castlight is the Controller. For example, when an EEA member inputs Personal Data to complete a Health Risk Assessment, we are responsible for determining the means, nature, context and purpose(s) of processing. However, in some instances, Castlight is also a Processor when we collect Personal Data about you directly from an employer, who is the Controller, and we process your Personal Data in accordance with the instructions provided to us by them.
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data
. Our legal bases for processing your Personal Data under the applicable data protection laws will depend on the Personal Data at issue, the specific context in which the Personal Data is collected, and the purposes for which it is used. We may process your Personal Data in the following ways:
Based on Your Consent.
We may process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent (e.g., when we send Outreach Communications by email, phone, or mail).
To Perform a Contract.
We may process your Personal Data when you enter into a contract with us, such as your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Legitimate Interests or Business Purposes.
We may process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests as long as it does not override your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
We may process to (i) respond to your member support inquiry and requests for information; (ii) maintain, improve, and analyze our Services; (iii) detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents or fraud; and/or (iv) facilitate the functionality of our Service.
Based on Your Explicit Consent.
When we process Special Categories of Personal Data, such as data concerning your health, we process on the basis of your explicit consent.
Based on Our Legal Obligations.
In some very rare cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or share your Personal Data with third parties, such as to prevent fraud or security risks.
Your Rights and Choices
. As an EEA member, you may exercise any of the following rights by notifying your employer first, however you may also email us at
privacy@apreehealth.com
. If necessary, we may limit these privacy rights requests when (i) denial of access is required or authorized by law; (ii) granting access would have a negative impact on another's privacy; (iii) to protect our rights and properties; or (iv) the request is frivolous or burdensome. Some requests may be subject to a reasonable fee if we find the request to be manifestly unfounded or excessive, or if you request further copies of your personal data. We may reject part or all of your request if responding to your request could adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Rights and Choices for International Members of the Castlight Platform
Right to Notice (Be Informed)
You have the right to know what Personal Data is collected about you, why we collect your data, who is collecting, for how long, how to file a complaint, and if there is data sharing involved, to which this Privacy Policy details.
Right To Access
You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your Personal Data that we hold about you, as well as other supplementary information, such as the purposes of processing, the categories of personal data that Castlight processes, and the entities to whom Castlight discloses your Personal Data.
Right To Rectification (Correct)
You have the right to request us to rectify any of your Personal Data in the Castlight Platform, if it is out-of-date or inaccurate.
Right To Erasure (Be Forgotten)
You may have the right to request erasure of personal data if: (i) it is no longer necessary; (ii) you withdraw such consent; (iii) you object and we have no reason to continue processing; (iv) it is unlawfully processed; or (iv) it is necessary to comply with applicable legal obligation.
Following your request, limited information pertaining to your erasure request will be kept on file to ensure your Personal Data is not processed at a later date.
Right To Restrict Processing
You have the right to request that we limit the way we use your Personal Data. Once restricted, we may not process it unless we have your consent; or we need it for legal claims or to protect the rights of other members.
Right To Object to Processing
You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Data if we process your personal data on the bases of Consent, Contract, or Legitimate Interests. However, we may continue to process your Personal Data if necessary for the defense of legal claims or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
Right To Portability
You may have the right to obtain Personal Data that you provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. You may also request that we transmit it to another controller. This right applies when the basis of processing is your Consent or Contract, and we carry out processing by an automated means.
Right To Automated Decision-Making
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal data (i.e.,processing done without human involvement), including different types of profiling, such as assessing individual performance at work, economic status, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, or location, if it produces a legal effect that significantly affects you. As a matter of internal policy, the Castlight Platform does not engage in automated processing without the review of a personalized review by our care team.
SECTION 8 – UPDATES TO OUR POLICY AND HOW TO CONTACT US
Updates To Our Policy.
We may modify this Privacy Policy as needed to accurately reflect our Personal Information collection, use, and disclosure practices, and when required by law.
If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, the revised policy will be posted on our Services with the “Effective” date at the top left of the policy.
When we make material or significant updates to our policy, we will notify you by email and in-app, and require you to re-accept these changes in order to use our Services.
If we make clarifying updates to our policy, we will notify you in-app, no re-acceptance will be necessary.
How To Contact Us.
This Privacy Policy is a legal agreement between you and us. If you have questions or concerns regarding the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at
legal@apree.health
. Otherwise, for any member support-related requests, you may contact us in one of the following ways:
Email:
privacy@apreehealth.com
Phone: 1-888-241-1407 (for My Vera) and 1-888-722-0483 (for the Castlight Platform)
Mail: 100 W Towne Ridge Pkwy, 2nd Floor, Sandy, UT 84070, ATTN: Member Support
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://cdn.castlighthealth.com/image/upload/v1717027387/patient-portal/pdf/Notice-of-Privacy-Practices-VWH-English.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://apreehealth.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy policy
Vera Whole Health Inc. (“Vera” or “We”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of information provided through its Website. This policy describes the types of information we may collect or that may be provided when you visit the Vera website
www.verawholehealth.com
along with our practices for collecting, using, protecting and disclosing that information. It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from the Website. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policies, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from our Websites, including:
Any information you provide; and
Information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites and usage details.
Use of Cookies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information including:
Details of your visits to our Website including the resources that you accessed and used
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information. We use this information to help us improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns and store information about your preferences which could allow us to customize our Website according to your individual interests. We may utilize cookies for this automatic data collection. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.
How We Use/Disclose Your Information
We use information that we collect or that is provided to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users which does not identify any individual without restriction. We may also disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our Websites users is among the assets transferred.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers or others.
Data Security
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we make any changes to this policy, we will provide notice as well as post the updated policy to the Website. Any changes will be effective as of the date changes are posted on the Website or the notice is otherwise provided and acknowledged. (whichever date is later).  Your continued use of the Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Contact Information
For questions about this Privacy Policy, contact us at
compliance@verawholehealth.com
or
1-877-783-7294
.
Sub-policy 2
https://us.castlighthealth.com/privacy@apree.health:
404 Not Found
nginx