HIDDEN VARIABLE STUDIOS PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: October 1st, 2013
INTRODUCTION
Hidden Variable Studios, LLC. (“HVS”, "us”, “our” or “we”) has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected when you access hiddenvariable.com (the “Site”) which is owned and operated by HVS, and any affiliated and/or successor websites, and other interactive properties, including but not limited any of its interactive forums (the “Forums”) and/or games now known as “Bag It!”, “Tic Tactics”, "Threes!" or "Skullgirls Mobile" (collective, the “Games”) owned by HVS, (which can be downloaded from various third parties mobile app stores (“Mobile App Stores”), and any mobile applications of the Games. The Games, the Site, the Forums and other HVS interactive properties are collectively referred to herein as the “HVS Applications.” HVS provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use, or continue to use the services assessed through the HVS Applications (“Services”).
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to HVS’s End User License Agreements (“EULAs”). Each time that you access or use HVS Applications you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the HVS Applications.
The Skullgirls Mobile Privacy Policy can be found here:
https://skullgirlsmobile.com/privacy
.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Connecting with the HVS Applications and Information Provided by You
Registration Information.
Please note that to download our Games you will be required to register with the applicable Mobile App Store from which you are downloading the Games. We are not responsible for any registration information provided to any Mobile App Store. However, in order to use certain parts of the HVS Applications, namely the Interactive Forums you will be required to register to create an account on our Games Site. By downloading the Games, you also give us or the Mobile App Store permission to store and display information regarding your Games play, including your score(s), in order to provide the best possible experience on the HVS Applications.
Information Shared With Facebook and other Social Networking Services.
You may be given the option to link your account on third party social networking services, including Facebook so that you can play with other Facebook members or take advantage of other features of HVS Applications. By clicking allow on the Facebook permission authorization we will automatically import information from your Facebook profile, including without limitation, your Facebook user ID, profile picture, Facebook profile name, and Facebook friends (“Imported Facebook Information”) to your HVS profile while you are playing the Games. When linking your account the authentication of your login credentials is conducted through the applicable third party social networking service. If you choose to share information from the HVS Applications through any social networking service you should review the privacy policies of that social networking service provider. You should make sure that you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking service provider may make available to us by visiting those services’ privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. By authorizing the social networking service provider to provide this information to us we reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, sell, share and provide access to such information in the same ways described in this Privacy Policy.
Surveys and Promotions.
From time-to-time we may request information from you and other users via surveys or contests or sweepstakes. Participation in these surveys, contests or sweepstakes is completely voluntary so you and other users have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Contact information and other information as required by the official rules may be used to notify the winners and award prizes and file winners information as required by law.
User Generated Content.
The Services may contain chat areas and/or other forums designed to enable you to communicate with others or to post content on the Site (the “Interactive Forums”). Please remember that any information you disclose while participating with the Interactive Forums becomes public information, and is subject to redistribution by HVS and all others viewing the information. You should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission or posting. There is no expectation of privacy when posting, or otherwise participating on the Interactive Forums. If you post content, such as messages, reviews or photos, please be aware that any personally identifiable information contained in such content is accessible to registered users or visitors to that HVS Application or Interactive Forums and we have no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Interactive Forums. We reserve the right without the obligation to take action in connection with any content we deem to be inappropriate. Please review our End User License Agreements for more information regarding your appropriate use of these
Information Collected Using Cookies and Other Technologies.
In addition to information that you choose to provide to us or allow us to capture through social networking services, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of online tracking technologies, including cookies, flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, e-tags/cache browsers, that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with HVS Applications (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to the HVS Applications, your IP address, or other unique identifier which is a number that is automatically assigned to the device (“Device”) used to access the HVS Applications (“Device Identifier”), the regional location derived from your IP address or geo-location data obtained from your Device as permitted in your settings on your Device, all of the areas within the HVS Applications that you visit, and the time of day, when and how you play the Games and your score(s) (“Game Play”), among other information. Usage Information may be non-identifying or may be associated with personal information about you. This Usage Information is used for many purposes including, for example, to: provide identifying features to simplify your experience when you return to our HVS Applications and to maintain your scores when playing our Games.
Games Play Logs.
Like most standard website servers, we log Device Identifiers and the model and operating system of your computer and may track your movement and redemption within the HVS Applications, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the HVS Applications. We use this information in the aggregate to gauge the effectiveness, usage, and popularity of our HVS Applications, track information for statistical purposes, help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information and track traffic and sales by our affiliates. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications. We also track which Game play is accessed, how long players play the Game, how long the Game is played, scoring of Game play, areas where the Game might not succeed and success and failure rates.
Game Play.
When you are playing or otherwise using the Games, the Games may monitor your Device to learn about your game-play behavior, player stats, as well as other information. The Games may also monitor your computer’s random access memory (RAM) and your Device for third party programs that interact with the Games and the Games Site. In addition, if you download the Games from a Mobile App Store, that Mobile App Store may also monitor your computer’s RAM and your Device regarding your use of the Games. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of the Mobile App Stores and you should consult the respective privacy policies of the Mobile App Stores regarding how they use your information.
Third Party Data Analytic Providers.
We may also use third party’ data analytic providers to collect Usage Information to better understand who is using the HVS Applications, how people are using the HVS Applications and how to improve the effectiveness of the HVS Applications and its content. Those third parties might combine Usage Information they collect from your interaction with HVS Applications with personal information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, nor control over, third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third parties to see your options for opting out of their use of such information. If you would like more information regarding which third party companies we use to provide these services who may be serving cookies or other tracking tools on our HVS Applications or want to know more about your choices about not having this information collected or used by these companies, please click
HERE
.
Advertising.
Advertisers and third party ad networks and other third party service providers (“Ad Service Providers”) may also collect Usage Information about your activity on the HVS Applications and on third-party websites and applications using tracking technologies. Usage Information collected by these advertisers and third parties and may be used to decide which ads you see both on the HVS Application and on third-party websites and applications, to measure the effectiveness of the advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such Ad Service Providers. Some of the Ad Service Providers may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads on the HVS Application from ad servers and ad networks in this manner, you will continue to receive advertising and promotional messages after you opt-out, but they will not be customized or personalized to you based on your use of the HVS Applications and/or third party websites. If you would like more information regarding which third party companies we use to provide these services who may be serving cookies or other tracking tools on our site, please click
HERE
. If you would like more information about advertisers’ use of tracking technologies and about your option not to accept these cookies, you can go to
www.networkadvertising.org
. If you would like to learn more about how interest-based information is collected, whether the companies we use are part of an industry network regarding behavioral advertising and to know your choices about not having information used in this manner, you can go to
www.aboutads.info
.
Information We Collect From Third Parties
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as information to validate or update your email address or other demographic and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes.
II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Contacting Us.
When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise sign up for our Services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you about HVS or our Services using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.
Connecting with Facebook Applications.
By clicking “allow” on the Facebook permission authorization screen you give us permission to capture, store, use and display your Imported Facebook Information with other users accessing the Games.
Use of Information by Us.
We may use Information that we collect about you: (1) to provide you with information that you have requested or agreed to receive; (2) to provide you with information regarding new features, products or services; (3) to improve the HVS Applications or our Services and to customize your experience; (4) to contact you with regard to your use of the HVS Applications and, in our discretion, changes to the HVS Applications and/or the HVS Applications’ policies; (5) for internal business purposes; and (6) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the HVS Applications or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
Electronic Promotional Offers.
We may send you promotional emails regarding special offers about our Services or on behalf of third party marketing partners who we think can offer services and products of interest to you and we may share your name and email address with such third parties so they can contact you directly from time to time about their offers. If you do not want to receive emails from us regarding special promotions or offers, or from any third party you may (i) email us at
privacy@hiddenvariable.com
or (ii) click the unsubscribe link in the body of any email. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-mails, we may continue to send you electronic service notifications that are related to your registration, or other services you have requested.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) through the HVS Applications that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules.
Legal Matters; Safety.
We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you (including, without limitation, the contents of any chat, messaging, or other communication posted in the Interactive Forums), and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Use or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information and/or communications in situations that we believe to be: (i) emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat; or (ii) your conduct on the HVS Applications or when using the Interactive Forums that we believe is inappropriate and inconsistent with generally accepted norms of behavior.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets.
In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, personally identifiable information of our customers and visitors to our HVS Applications may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our customers and registered users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support or funding. In such transactions, information will be subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained.
III. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
You are responsible for keeping your contact information current and accurate. If for any reason you are concerned that the personally identifiable information you provided to us is not correct, or should you wish to have your contact information changed or updated, please contact us at
privacy@hiddenvariable.com
. We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. If you deactivate your account, we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other policies, take actions we deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our HVS Applications. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies. We may still retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes and enforce our Terms of Use.
IV. CHOICE AND OPT OUT
You may remove your information from our database so as not to receive future communications or to close your account or opt out of our sharing information with third parties for marketing purposes by emailing us at
privacy@hiddenvariable.com
or sending postal mail (certified mail, return receipt requested is recommended) to the following postal address:
Hidden Variable Studios
8
Mills
Pl
Suite 201
Pasadena, CA
91105, United States
Attention: Privacy Administrator
If you prefer not to receive electronic promotional communications, you can also opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication.
Please note that changes may not be effective immediately. In each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed or clearly indicate that you wish to have your personally identifiable information removed from our database. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible. Note that despite any request for removal of or change to personally identifiable information, we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed. Finally, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including without limitation our third party service providers or strategic partners) with whom we have already shared your personally identifiable information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.
V. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION
Links to other Site and Communities.
To the extent hyperlinks may be utilized to access external or third party sites and communities, you should be aware that these external or third party site and communities are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such site and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.
Security.
Please keep in mind that no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and therefore we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and your use of the HVS Applications indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.
A Note To International Users.
If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the HVS Applications or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States. You are also consenting to the application of United States federal, and California state law in all matters concerning the HVS Applications and this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you should not register or provide personal information on the HVS Applications. If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s personal information from our systems.
Changes to the Privacy Policy.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Site, with the “Effective Date” posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new HVS Applications or Interactive Forums or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. If we are going to use any information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By accessing the HVS Applications after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the privacy policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.
Disputes.
If you choose to visit the HVS Applications your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States, and the State of California.
No Rights of Third Parties.
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any information relating to users of the HVS Applications.
Contacting Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of the HVS Applications and Interactive Forums, please send your email queries to
privacy@hiddenvariable.com
or write to us at:
Hidden Variable Studios
8
Mills
Pl
Suite 201
Pasadena, CA
91105, United States
Attention: Privacy Administrator
Copyright ©2025 Hidden Variable Studios, LLC.
All rights reserved.
Effective Date 06/1/13
Third Party Data Analytic Providers
As of April 1st, 2019
This is a list of third parties we have hired or are affiliated with who might provide us with information, reports and analysis about the usage and browsing patterns of users of HVS Applications or serve ads based on your use of the HVS Applications..
Google
–
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
–
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
DeltaDNA
–
https://deltadna.com/privacy/
Game Analytics
–
http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy.html
IronSource
-
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Chartboost
–
https://help.chartboost.com/legal/privacy
Definitions of Tracking Technologies
Cookies.
A cookie is a data file placed on a device when it is used to visit the online service. HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage. A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built into or downloaded by you to your device. Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard. Also, these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies. Please be aware that if you disable or remove cookies or HTML5 cookies on your device, some parts of our online services may not function properly, and that when you revisit our online service your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Web Beacons.
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our online service’s pages and messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including to count visitors to the online service, to monitor how users navigate the online services, to count how many e-mails we sent that were actually opened, or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the online service, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the online service, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
ETag, or entity tag.
A feature of the cache in browsers, an ETag is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner ETags are a form of device identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://skullgirlsmobile.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 25th May, 2018
Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to Autumn Game’s games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on www.autumngames.com. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the game so we can reply to you more quickly.
Name of the controller: Autumn Games, LLC
Address: 54 Thompson St., FL 4 New York, New York 10012
email: info@autumngames.com
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Date of Birth (if you register an account on our forums)
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
In most cases, we also create an Autumn Games-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, LINE or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the Service, we process data necessary to:
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
To keep the Service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see the
Autumn Games Terms of Service
.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from Autumn Games, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
OTHER PLAYERS AND USERS
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
PARTNERS WORKING FOR AUTUMN GAMES
Autumn Games has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to Autumn Games´s instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data can, therefore, be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest-based ads” (Android).
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
The Game
Forums
Wiki
Trailer
Newsletter
Support
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/%20:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/intl/en/policies/privacy/%20
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.
Sub-policy 2
https://deltadna.com/privacy/%20:
ANALYTICS
Use cases
Utilizing player performance and tracking player behavior is vital to drive meaningful insights for the next phase of your game.
Get started
Documentation
Learn from data
A/B tests
Personalize
Reporting and insights
Get started
Get more from your data
After prioritizing the data that is most important to your business, you can use tools to help better analyze that data and view how it changes over time to make well informed decisions for your games.
Running A/B tests for your game
Experimenting with custom audiences and running them against specific cohorts is just the beginning. Design and run tests from simple to complex, that help you get the insights you need to confidently drive game improvements that your players will love.
Personalize player engagement
Success is more than just users playing your game, it’s also how they engage with your content. The Audiences feature allows you to engage with segmented cohorts in a meaningful way. Take action with tailored content, dynamic gameplay, and optimized monetization strategies to keep players interested.
Dynamic reporting and insights
Too much data can be difficult to digest. Track the key data for your game with custom audiences, events, and flexible reporting. Create dynamic reporting with SQL Data Explorer and data visualizations using Funnels, unique to your studio's needs.
Get started with Analytics today
Analytics enables studios to understand game performance and player behaviors. Capture insights quickly using prebuilt dashboards and visualizations powered by reliable, real-time data.
Get started
Contact us
Sub-policy 3
http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy.html%20:
404: Out of Bounds!
Looks like you've wandered off the (site)map.
Teleport home
×
Our website uses cookies
GameAnalytics would like to use our own and 10 selected third party cookies or similar technologies for necessary, analytical, and marketing purposes. You can set your preferences by selecting the options below, and withdraw your consent anytime via the shield icon.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-policy 4
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/%20:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel