Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 5, 2024
Joyce Meyer Ministries, Inc. ("JMM", "we", or "us") is a Christian, nonprofit organization committed to excellence, integrity, and your privacy. This Policy is provided to inform you of the ways JMM collects, uses, discloses
and otherwise processes or handles
your personal information. By providing your information, you agree to your personal information being processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time (as noted in the date above).
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
JMM collects some information that cannot be traced back to a specific individual (when that person is not signed in with an account). For example, our web servers automatically record the IP address (the general location where the user is logged) of each visitor to our website, joycemeyer.org, and tracks how many people visit the Website. This information is used to administer and specialize the Website more effectively and gain general information about the backgrounds and sources of visitors.
This policy also applies to information we collect when you contact us by telephone, mail, email, mobile application, text, social media, or advertising on third party websites that redirect you to joycemeyer.org.
JMM may also ask you to provide personal information that identifies you. We require this information when you create an account, submit an inquiry to us, become a partner, make a purchase or donation, or engage with us for promotional purposes. Such information could include your name, postal address, phone number, email address, date of birth, marital status, other demographic information, or credit card information. JMM limits the personal information it collects to that which is reasonable under the circumstances, and we only collect your personal information with your consent.
We use your personal information for processing your donations and purchases as well as informing you about upcoming ministry events such as conferences, outreach updates, or opportunities for you to serve, etc. We may otherwise use your personal information where permissible by law, for example to respond to an emergency, or in the course of an investigation into illegal behavior.
SMS SUBSCRIPTIONS
User may opt-in to “Joyce Meyer Ministries Updates” “SMS Joyce Meyer Ministries Updates & Details” by texting “JOYCE” to “69526#”. By providing your phone number and opting in, you are consenting to receive automated texts to that number. After signing up, you will receive a text message from 69526# on your mobile number. Message frequency may vary.
You can cancel this service at any time. To discontinue receiving SMS messages from “Joyce Meyer Ministries Updates, text STOP to 69526#. After you send the message STOP, you will receive a reply message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive messages from us.
If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text HELP to 69526#. After you send the message HELP, you will receive a response with instructions on how to use our service, including how to unsubscribe. For additional help, contact “
contactus@joycemeyer.org
”.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile/Sprint /Metro PCS, CellCom USA, C Spire Wireless, U.S. Cellular, Carolina West Wireless (CWW), Google Voice, ACS/Alaska, Advantage Cellular (DTC Wireless), Appalachian Wireless, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular Network Partnership (PIONEER),Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Chat Mobility USA, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI Communications Corp, Golden State Cellular, Illinois Valley Cellular (IV Cellular), i Wireless (IOWA Wireless), Nex-Tech Wireless, MTA Communications, MTPCS (Cellular One Nation), Cross Telephone Company (MBO Wireless), Duet IP (Maximum Communications New Core Wireless), Inland Cellular, Telephone Company, Immix(Keystone Wireless), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Northwest Missouri Cellular Limited, Peoples Wireless, Panhandle Telecommunications, Systems(PTCI), RINA, Revol Wireless USA, SI Wireless/Mobile Nation, SRT Wireless, Texas, RSA 3 Ltd(Plateau Wireless), Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, Union Telephone, Company(Union Wireless), Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless (5 Star Wireless), Sagebrush Cellular (Nemont), Pine Cellular, Aio Wireless/Cricket, SouthernLinc, Bandwidth, Copper Valley, Leaco, CableVision, Buffalo Wireless, Chariton Valley Cellular, Pine Belt Wireless, Atlantic Tele-Network International (ATN). T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
For support, please email us at “contactus@joycemeyer.org” or call us at “866 480-1528” “Joyce Meyer Ministries Updates” respects your right to privacy.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users of the Program that are California consumers or residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of the information you provide through the Program to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on devices that visit websites. Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, pixel technology (e.g., Facebook pixel) and other software (Google Analytics and Google AdWords), are used for similar purposes. In this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies.”
Joyce Meyer Ministries use cookies in various ways, as followed:
Authenticating and identifying you on our websites so we can provide you with the services you requested, including location services.
Keeping track of information, you have provided to us. For example, your favorites, shopping cart, wish lists, etc.
Measuring your use of the websites so that we can tailor your experience to your interests, and improve our service on the Website, apps or social media platforms.
To help us keep your account, data and the website safe and secure.
Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These functions are not uniform. Note that if you disable cookies certain features on our sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
There are times when JMM uses trusted third-party service providers to help us collect and process information. These third-party Processors may have access to, store, or process Personal Data or Client Data as part of providing those services for us. We limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions. Our contracts with them require them to maintain the confidentiality of such information and conform to our privacy standards. Some of these third parties may be located outside of the country you reside in, and as a result, that country's courts, governments or law enforcement agencies could obtain disclosure of your information in accordance with that country's laws.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We will not rent, sell, lease, or share personal information with other organizations, except for service providers referred to in the preceding section or except in response to subpoenas, court orders, legal processes, or to establish and/or exercise legal rights.
SAFEGUARDS AND RETENTION
We take all reasonable steps to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal information. We protect the personal information within our custody or control with appropriate organizational, technological and physical safeguards.
We store personal information in electronic and physical files that are secure, and our security measures include secure on- and off-site storage, restricted access to records and data processing equipment, password protocols, and encryption and security software. We conduct audits and monitor compliance with our privacy practices. If you live outside of the United States, please be aware that you are sending information (including Personal Data) to the United States where our servers are located. We will protect it with the same protocols listed above.
We only retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. Legal requirements, however, may require us to retain some or all of the personal information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that which we might otherwise hold.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information that we collect or receive from third parties with your consent, and we cannot be responsible for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use, including through their websites. You should always read the privacy policy of each website you visit carefully.
CHILDREN’S POLICY
We do not knowingly collect children’s personal information. Users under the age of 16 must ask parent or guardian permission to use this Website, request information from JMM, or purchase any resources on this Website.
HOW DO YOU ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
JMM strives to keep all personal information complete, up-to-date and accurate. You or a person authorized on your behalf has the right to request changes or corrections to inaccurate or incomplete information. If you have any questions, please reach out to us via one of the avenues listed below.
Joyce Meyer Ministries
P.O. Box 655
Fenton, MO 63026
1-866-480-1528
M-F 6:00 am - 4:00 pm CST
contactus@joycemeyer.org
OPTING OUT
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us, with information about orders you have placed, new resources, conferences, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive mailings, please let us know by reaching out through the contact information provided above.
If you give us your telephone number, we may reach out to you with information regarding orders that you have placed, inquiries you have requested, prayer needs, or updates to your account information, etc. If you do not wish to receive phone calls from us, please let us know by reaching out through the contact information provided above. (Please note, opting out of SMS /MMS is covered in this policy under SMS Subscriptions).
If you do not wish to receive emails from us, you may unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email you receive from the Ministry.
Even if you have opted out of receiving promotional communications from us, please be aware that we may still contact you for other purposes. For example, we may contact you to provide communications you have consented to receive, regarding the products you have requested or services we provide to you, or if you contact us with an inquiry.
CANADIAN RESIDENTS
JM Ministries Canada is an affiliate of JM Ministries, Inc. and is located in Vancouver, British Columbia. We are accountable for compliance and will collect, use, and disclose all personal information of individuals located in Canada in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act (BC), the main body of this Policy or as otherwise set forth in this section.
Consent
We will only collect your personal information when we have your consent, which may be implied or expressed, or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law. You may withdraw your consent at any time on reasonable notice with the exception of specific circumstances (e.g., this would frustrate our performance of a legal obligation). Please note that withdrawing consent may result in us not being able to provide you with some services that would require the processing of your personal information.
Data Transfers
Please note that your personal information may be transferred to affiliated entities located in the United States and we may also use service providers located outside of Canada. While your data is stored or processed in the United States, it will be subject to local laws, which may be less protective of your personal information than Canadian laws, as well as subject to potential access by US law enforcement.
Children
This Website is not intended for use by, and we do not knowingly collect the personal information of anyone under thirteen (13) years of age.
Rights to Access and Accuracy
We will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information is accurate and complete.
You have the right to request access to your personal information and learn about how information is being used. We will provide you with such access within 30 days of your written request or information about an extension if we anticipate that it will take us longer than that period.
You also have the right to request that we correct your information (in writing). If the information is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete, we will correct the information as required. If the correction is not made, we will note the individual’s correction request in the file.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our data handling practices, you can email our Data Privacy Officer at
dpo@joycemeyer.org
or reach our Privacy Officer by postal mail at:
JM Ministries Canada
Privacy Officer
P.O. Box 7700 Stn. Terminal
Vancouver, British Columbia
V6B 4E2
Should you feel that we could not adequately address your concern, you may also make a complaint to the Office of the Information and Privacy Officer (British Columbia):
Mailing address: PO Box 9038 Stn. Prov. Govt. Victoria B.C. V8W 9A4
Telephone: (250) 387-5629
EUROPEAN UNION AND UNITED KINGDOM RESIDENTS
Users residing in the European Union and United Kingdom are afforded certain rights regarding their personal information.
Access, Correction, Deletions
Except where an exception or exemption applies, these rights include the ability to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal information. We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may have provided to us. If you wish to access or amend any Personal Data we hold about you, or to request that we delete any information about you please use the Contact Us link provided below. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
joycemeyer.org/contact
Contacting Us
If you believe your personal information was handled incorrectly, you can email our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@joycemeyer.org
or reach our Data Protection Officer by postal mail at:
Joyce Meyer Ministries
Data Protection Officer
United Kingdom Office
P.O. Box 1549
Windsor SL4 1GT, United Kingdom