US PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 29, 2024.
Table of Contents
1. The Information We Collect
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
3. Disclosure of Information
4. Third Party Websites
5. Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers
6. Disclosures to Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah
7. Special Information for Nevada Residents
8. Your Opt-Out Choices
9. Security of Personal Information.
10. Retention of Personal Information.
11. Special Note for Parents
12. Changes to this Privacy Policy.
13. How to Contact Us
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes how TIME USA, LLC and its
affiliates
​ (“Time,” “we,” or “our”) collect, use, and disclose information when you interact with Time, including via our website ( https://time.com/ ), mobile apps, email newsletters, online subscriptions, other product offerings, and any other services that display this Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as the “Services”). This Privacy Policy also applies to any offline data collection, such as the contact information you provide to create or update your print subscriptions.
In this Policy, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual.
Individuals from different countries or jurisdictions may have different rights with respect to their personal information. In particular, the
European Union Privacy Policy
​ applies to individuals in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein, Iceland, Australia, and New Zealand in lieu of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the ability to limit our response to any request to exercise your rights based on the law that is applicable to you.
1. The Information We Collect
Through the Services, you can, among other activities, order publications and products, including print and digital subscriptions and newsletters; sign up for events; engage in various activities including entering contests or sweepstakes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion or participate in one of our online forums or communities.
Some of the information we request from you is required in order for you to use our Services. If you do not wish to provide such information to us, you are not obligated to, but as a result you may not be able to use the particular Service. However, some of the information we request from you is optional. This means that you can elect not to provide it to us and you will still be able to use the Service. If not all the information we request on a form is required, we may identify the required information to you such as by displaying an asterisk (*) next to the field where we request the required information.
Information you give us about yourself or others: You give information to us directly when, for example, you register for a subscription or newsletter, purchase a product from us, disclose information in response to a survey, apply for a job, or contact our customer service department.
Through some features of the Services and through certain promotions, you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name, mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card. The types of personal information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. Please ensure that you notify the person whose information you are providing to us.
Please remember that any information you disclose in any public forum or community areas becomes public information and is immediately accessible to other users, so it is important for you to carefully consider what, if any, information you reveal in these areas.
Information we collect automatically: When you interact with our Services, we (and our partners, advertisers, advertising networks and other third party service providers) automatically collect certain information. For example, we collect information about the webpages you view and how you move through our Services, how you reached our Services, how you interact with our social media pages, and how you interact with our email communications.
We (and our partners, advertisers, advertising networks and other third party service providers) use cookies and other tracking technologies to obtain information automatically. Cookies are small text files that are placed in your computer or device to store your preferences. Other information you provide to us may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services, and relate your use of the Services to other information about you. Please see our
Cookies Policy,
​ which explains our use of cookies and similar technologies in connection with our Services and lists partners and other third parties who collect information from you automatically on our Services.
Information from other sources: We obtain information from third party sources, which may include:
Third party data suppliers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect;
Social networks when you reference our Services or grant permission to Time to access your data on one or more of these services;
Partners with which we offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities; and
Publicly-available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.
The following is a listing of the personal information we collect.
Personal Identifiers:
Name, phone number, email address, and contact address.
Demographic information such as age, gender, and income level.
Social media handle and basic account information when you interact with our Services through social media.
We collect or create a unique numerical identifier when you use our Services.
We collect your credit card number (through a service provider) when you complete a transaction. You have the option to store this information as part of your account.
We or external parties operating on our behalf collect information about the device you use to access our Services, such as your IP address, a device ID, and information about your web browser.
Commercial Information:
When you engage in transactions with us, we create records of goods or services purchased or considered, as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information:
We collect information about the websites you came from and to which you are going, ad clicks, search history, and other information regarding your interaction with our websites and applications, such as the duration you stay on a webpage.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information:
If you contact us via phone, we may record the call. We will notify you if a call is being recorded at the beginning of the call. We may collect your photographic or video image in limited circumstances, such as when you attend an event hosted by Time.
Professional or employment-related information:
We collect professional or employment-related information you voluntarily provide.
Education information:
​ We collect education information you voluntarily provide.
Geolocation Data:
We collect your IP address automatically when you use our Services, from which we or external parties operating on our behalf may be able to determine your general location. If you are using our app, with your consent, we or our authorized service providers and partners also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or Wi-Fi triangulation or mobile Bluetooth beacon technology to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device.
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics:
​ We or third parties operating on our behalf may analyze your actual or likely preferences based on the information we gather about you as described above.
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use and/or disclose the information we collect for the following purposes:
Provide the Services:
Deliver content and fulfill requests for our publications, products, or services, including on our websites and in our apps. For example, when you subscribe to one of our publications or newsletters, we use the information we collect to deliver print issues and fulfill digital subscriptions and newsletters.
Establish and administer your account, including conducting billing and invoicing, contacting you about the expiry of your subscription and sending you service messages about your subscription. For example, once you are subscribed, we may store your subscription information, including its start date, renewal date, pricing, publication, and any customer service contacts you may have with us.
Authenticate access to your account. For example, you may provide us with a username and password to get access to your account.
Perform maintenance and operations, including management of the network and devices supporting the Services and our systems.
Provide technical support and assure quality of customer service interactions.
Facilitate hardware and software upgrades for devices and systems.
Enable your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and promotions.
Enable your participation in community forums.
Communicate with You:
Respond to your inquiries.
Personalize communications.
Send you service-related announcements, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account.
Make Improvements to Our Products and Services:
Identify and develop new products and services.
Improve the design of our Services.
Understand how our Services are used, including by creating measurement and analytics reports.
Provide Recommendations and Deliver Relevant Advertising:
Offer products, programs or services that may be of interest to you, and keep you informed of new happenings at Time.
Market our Services.
Determine which content to recommend to you.
Send you promotional communications for the Services and other products and services we think may be of interest to you, including by disclosing contact information to third parties that may want to market products or services to you.
Deliver more relevant advertising.
Investigate Theft or Other Illegal Activities and Ensure a Secure Online Environment:
Detect the unauthorized reception, use, or abuse of the Service.
Protect you and other subscribers from fraudulent, abusive, unlawful use of, or subscription to, the Service.
Protect our rights, our personnel, and our property.
Comply with applicable law.
We and our partners use cookies, tags, pixels, web beacons, or other means of collecting information automatically from you. Please see our
Cookies Policy
​ for more information.
3. Disclosure of Information
Publicly:
If you choose to submit content (e.g., a “letter to the editor” or an online review), we may publish your name, screen name and other information you have provided to us, which will be public.
Affiliates:
​ We may transfer information to other Time offices for internal management and administrative purposes or where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit. We may combine information from the Services together and with other information we obtain from our business records. Additionally, information collected about you from a particular browser or device may be linked to information collected from another computer or device that we believe relates to you.
Sale or Merger of Business:
​ We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Policy.
Service Providers:
We may disclose personal information to our service providers, which are companies that process information on our behalf, without your consent to deliver the Service and conduct business activities. We require the service providers to treat the information we disclose to them, or that they collect on our behalf, as confidential and to use the information only for the purposes for which they have been engaged. The following is a list of categories of our service providers.
Subscription management and fulfillment providers.
Billing and collection providers, such as payment processors and organizations that assist us in assessing your credit and payment status.
Auditing and accounting firms.
Professional services consultants, such as firms that assist with providing legal services, or supplying project-based resources and assistance.
Advertising, marketing, and analytics services, including entities that analyze the information we collect from or about you to communicate with and advertise to you.
Security vendors, such as entities that assist with security incident verification and response, service notifications, and fraud prevention.
IT vendors, such as entities that assist with website design, hosting, and maintenance, data and software storage, and network operation.
Production vendors, such a pre-press printing service providers.
There are limited circumstances in which the service provider collects data directly from you when their privacy policies may also apply.
Third Parties:
​ We may disclose personal information to third parties. The following is a list of categories of our third-party partners.
Advertising, Marketing, and Analytics Partners:
We partner with companies that assist us with marketing our Services, including by “remarketing” to you on other websites, apps, or social media platforms. These companies may collect information from you automatically via cookies or other tracking technologies when you use our Services.
Other External Parties:
​ We may disclose personally identifiable information, including your contact information, to organizations such as marketers, other magazine publishers, retailers, and non-profit organizations that want to market products or services to you.
Authorities:
​ We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
4. Third Party Websites
Our Services provide links to third party websites or offerings where data privacy practices may be different to that of Time. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites or offerings have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites or offerings and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites or offerings may collect, use, disclose, or otherwise treat your personal information.
5. Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers
California Shine the Light: California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code Section 1798.83, requires businesses that disclose personal information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes to give California customers the ability to opt-out of such disclosure. California Residents may exercise their opt-out right by going to our
California Do Not Sell Page
.
California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”):
The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) grants residents of California certain rights with respect to their personal information and requires us to provide such individuals with certain information, as described in this Section.
Your Rights:
Transparency. At the time we collect personal information, you have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we collect, and the purposes for which those categories of personal information will be used.
Access/Right to Know. You have the right to request access to personal information we collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. You can make this access request by going to our
California Access/Deletion Page
. If you are a print subscriber, you can also access and update much of the personal information we have collected about you through
your account page.
Deletion. You have the right to request that we erase data we have collected from you. Please note that we may have a reason to deny your deletion request or delete data in a more limited way than you anticipated, e.g., because of a legal obligation to retain it or to provide a good or service that you request. You can make this deletion request by going to our
California Access/Deletion Page
.
Opt-Out of Sale and Share. You have the right to request that we stop “selling” your personal information as that that term is defined in the California Privacy Rights Act. A “sale” of personal information is defined broadly: “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.” “Sharing” of personal information is defined as: “sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged.” Please see below for more information about our “sales” or “sharing” of personal information. To opt-out, please go to our
California Do Not Sell Page
.
Categories of personal information we collect: We collect the categories of information described above in the “
Information We Collect
” section for the purposes described in the “
How We Use Information
” section.
Categories of personal information we disclose: We may disclose any of the categories of personal information listed above and use them for the above-listed purposes or for other business or operational purposes compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. Our disclosures of personal information include disclosures to our “service providers,” which are companies that we engage for business purposes to conduct activities on our behalf. The categories of service providers with whom we share information and the services they provide are described above.
Categories of personal information we “sell”: We may “sell” any of the categories of personal information listed above to third parties, except for Professional or employment-related information; and Education information. To opt-out of such sales, please go to our
California Do Not Sell Page
.
Right to Request Correction of inaccurate personal information.
You can also make a CPRA access, deletion or “do not sell” request by calling the following toll-free number: +1 (866) 993-1641.
6. Disclosures to Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah
The disclosures in this section apply solely to individual residents of the States of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. Privacy laws in these states give residents certain rights with respect to their personal data, when they take effect over the course of 2023. Those rights include:
Right to Access Information.
You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal data.
Right to Request Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data provided by or obtained about you.
Right to Correct.
​ You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising.
​ You may ask us not to use or disclose your information for the purposes of targeting advertising to you based on your personal data obtained from your activity across different businesses, services, websites, etc.
Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales
​ to third parties.
To submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction privacy rights, please make your request at this
Privacy Right Request page
. Please see Section 8 for a description of how to exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising or sales.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia may appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us by email at
privacy@time.com
.
7. Special Information for Nevada Residents
Residents of the State of Nevada have the right to opt out of the sale of certain pieces of their information to other companies who will sell or license their information to others. We disclose contact information to third parties that may want to market products or services to you. To opt-out of such sales, please make your request at this
Privacy Right Request page
.
8. Your Opt-Out Choices
Verification Procedures:
We must verify your identity for everyone’s protection. To do so, we may require you to provide us with verification information prior to accessing any records containing personal information about you. We do this by:
Asking you to provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously and confirm your request using the email or telephone number stated in the request; or
Having you submit your request through your account page (if you are a subscriber), which will automatically verify your identity and will result in faster processing of your request.
If you are a California resident, you may authorize another individual or a business registered with the California Secretary of State, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf. If we receive a request from an authorized agent, we require that the authorized agent verify its identity with us, that you verify your identity with us, and that you provide us with proof that you authorized the authorized agent in writing to make the request.
We will use the information you provide for verification only for the purpose of verification. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to respond to your request, or respond to it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Your Account and Payment Information:
If you are a print subscriber, please visit the
account page
​ to update your contact information and payment method.
Marketing and Other Communications:
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving future email marketing from Time, please use the unsubscribe link that appears at the bottom of our marketing emails.
If you are a newsletter subscriber, you may unsubscribe using the unsubscribe options in the newsletter emails.
If you wish to opt-out of sharing of your personal information, including contact information, with third parties for marketing purposes, please email us
here
.
If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other offline promotions from Time, please email us
here
.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send you transactional communications about your subscription or orders.
Opt-out of “sale”:
​ If you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of our “sale” of personal information to third parties. Please see “
Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers
​ ” above for a description of your rights and information on how to opt out.
Cookie Management, Analytics, Personalized Advertising, and Do Not Track:
Information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is available in our
Cookie Policy.
You can control cookies using your web browser’s settings. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Services may not be available, work, or work as designed.
You can use our partners’ links above to learn more about the options they may make available to opt-out of their tracking technologies.
You can broadly opt out of participating companies’ website tracking technologies by visiting the websites for the
Network Advertising Initiative
, the
Digital Advertising
​ Alliance, and the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Initiative
.
Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt out of mobile app tracking by some advertising networks through your device settings and by resetting the advertiser ID on your mobile device.
When you make an opt-out choice, it does not necessarily mean that you will stop receiving ads altogether, but you will no longer receive personalized ads.
If you delete your cookies, you may also delete your opt-out preferences.
To opt out of “sales” or “sharing” of personal information you can toggle your cookies off in the cookie preference center or enable Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) on your browser. To learn more about GPC, please visit
http://globalprivacycontrol.org
.
9. Security of Personal Information
We have put in place administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect. No system can be completely secure, however, and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen.
10. Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we have a legitimate need to retain it. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity.
11. Special Note for Parents
The site you are visiting is one of the Time general audience sites and is not intended for use by children. If you are under the age of 16 please do not submit any personal information through this site.
12. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes to our information practices. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted on this website with the date of the last modification, and we will notify of the changes if required by the applicable law. We will treat your information in accordance with the privacy policy in place at the time of collection of such information, or as you otherwise indicate your preferences. We encourage you to check whenever you use our Services to see if the policy has been updated.
13. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law please contact us by writing to us at
privacy@time.com
, or at:
Time USA, LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
3 Bryant Park
New York, NY 10036
Toll-free: 800-843-8463
Toll-free number for CPRA requests: +1 (866) 993-1641.
If you are a print subscriber located in the U.S. and have questions about your subscription, please contact us by writing to us at
customerservice@time.com
​ or at:
TIME
PO BOX 37263
Boone, IA 50037-0263
Toll-free: 800-843-8463
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://legal.time.com/eu-privacy-policy:
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
Show Purposes
Accept All
Reject All
Home
EU PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to individuals in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein, Iceland, Australia, and New Zealand.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 14, 2021.
Table of Contents
1. Collection of Personal Data
2. Cookies and Web Beacons
3. Personal Data We Obtain from Other Sources
4. How We Use The Personal Data We Collect:
5. Disclosure of Personal Data
6. Legal Basis for Processing
7. Third Party Websites, Social Media, and Advertisers
8. Your Choices
Promotional Mail and Email
Analytics
Interest-Based Advertising
Mobile App Advertising and Tracking
Precise Device Location Tracking
Accessing, Correction and Deleting Your Personal Data
Data Subject Requests
9.
Data Controller
10.
International Transfer
11.
Security of Personal Data
12.
Retention of Personal Data
13.
Special Note for Parents
14.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
15.
How to Contact Us
Privacy Policy for individuals outside of the countries listed above.
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes how TIME USA, LLC and its
affiliates
​ (“Time,” “we,” or “our”) collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your personal data when you interact with Time, including via our
website (https://time.com)
​ (“Website”), online and print publications (“Publications”), mobile apps (“Apps”) and other services, which may be described further below (together with our Website, Publications and Apps, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to data subjects in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein and Iceland (collectively, "Europe") as well as Australia and New Zealand. If you are located in Europe, please see the section "Data Controller" below for information about the controller of your personal data.
1. Collection of Personal Data
We collect personal data, which is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, from you when you:
subscribe to print or digital Publications;
visit one of our Websites, or download and register to use one of our Apps, Publications or other Services;
purchase, return, or exchange products offered through one of our Websites or Publications;
subscribe to one of our email newsletters, register to participate in one of our online forums or communities, or interact with us through a social media network;
submit content to one of our Publications or other Services;
enter into a contest or sweepstakes;
respond to one of our polls or surveys; or contact our customer service department with an enquiry, comment or suggestion.
Some of the personal data we request from you is required in order for you to use our Services. If you do not wish to provide such personal data to us, you are not obligated to, but as a result you may not be able to use the particular Service. However, some of the personal data we request from you is optional. This means that you can elect not to provide it to us and you will still be able to use the Service. If not all the personal data we request on a form is required, we may identify the required personal data to you such as by displaying an asterisk (*) next to the field where we request the required personal data.
Below are more detailed examples of where and how we collect personal data from you. Unless specifically stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, the data we collect may be used for any purpose set forth in "How We Use the Personal Data We Collect" below.
Subscriptions:
When you subscribe to one of our Publications, we ask you to provide your name, mailing address and/or e-mail address (as applicable), account credentials (for digital subscriptions), and credit card or other payment information for the purposes of fulfilling your subscription, sending you invoices, contacting you about the expiry of your subscription, and sending you service messages about your subscription. Once you are subscribed, we may store your subscription information, including its start date, renewal date, pricing, publication, and any customer service contacts you may have with us.
Apps:
When you download and register to use one of our Apps, we collect from you information such as your name, mailing address, account number, postal code, and e-mail address. We use this information for purposes such as to look up your account in our records in order to populate your App with the content that comes with your subscription. We also assign a unique user ID to your App on your device so that we can identify you when you use the App and so that we can collect user metrics such as how you use the App. Unless you opt out on your device, we will send messages to your device when a new issue of our publication is available through our App.
Product Purchases:
​ When you purchase products offered through one of our Websites or publications, we collect your credit card and other payment information and keep a history of your purchases. We use this information for purposes such as to process your orders, to better assist you when you visit or contact us in the future, as well as to improve our product offerings and Services.
When you return merchandise purchased via one of our Websites or request a refund or exchange, you may be asked to provide certain information, including your name, e-mail address, residential address and phone number. We collect and use this information for fraud prevention purposes, among other things.
Online Registration:
​ You do not have to register to browse some areas of our Websites. However, registration may be required to view certain content on our Websites, receive online newsletters or to participate in certain features of a Website, such as a community forum. When you register, you will be asked for personal data such as your name, e-mail address, and a user name and password that you select. We collect this information to identify who you are, to provide you with the service or information you requested, and/or to facilitate your participation in an on-line forum or community. We may also use this information for other purposes, such as promotional and marketing purposes, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law.
Please remember that any information you disclose in public forum or community areas becomes public information and is immediately accessible to other users, so it is important for you to carefully consider what, if any, personal data you reveal in these areas. We may use information disclosed by you in this way to promote our products and services in our advertising communications, among other things.
Information about Other People:
At some of our Websites and through certain promotions, you can submit personal data about other people. For example, if you order a gift subscription and want it sent directly to the recipient, you would be required to submit the recipient's name and address. We do not use the recipient's personal data for any other purpose unless it is consistent with any further dealings which we may have with the recipient directly.
Promotions or Surveys:
When you enter a contest or sweepstakes ("promotion") or participate in a survey or poll ("survey") we may ask you to provide your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. We use the information we collect on promotion entry forms to administer your participation in the promotions and for other purposes stated on the entry form. Our surveys ask for opinions on various issues and may be sponsored by our advertisers and partners. Information obtained through surveys is aggregated and used internally. We also share survey information with advertisers and marketing partners in an aggregated form that does not personally identify you.
Optional Information:
​ Occasionally, we may request demographic information (like your age or gender) or information about your interests and purchasing preferences. In most instances, you do not have to provide us with this information to receive the publication, product, or service you have requested. When demographic information is required, it will be indicated, such as by an asterisk (*). We use this demographic and preference information to, among other things, tailor or improve our publications, product and service offerings, including our offerings to you where this is in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as well as for internal marketing research purposes.
Customer Service:
​ When you call one of our customer service representatives, or e-mail us with a comment or question, you may be asked for information that identifies you, such as your name, mailing address, account number, postal code and telephone number, to help us promptly answer your question. We retain this information as necessary to assist you in the future, for instance with any further queries you may have. We also use your feedback, suggestions and comments to monitor and/or improve our publications, product offerings, and Services, among other things.
Website Information:
We collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Websites, along with clickstream and other related information, such as information about your computer or device, web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to our site, the pages, content or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, the next Web site you visit when you leave our site, and any search terms you have entered on our site. We use this information to monitor and improve our Services, among other things. Please see the section "Cookies and Web Beacons" below for more information.
App Usage:
We collect information about your installation, use, and updating of our Apps, such as information about your device, your use of our App, the pages, videos, other content or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, and items you download. We use this information to enable the App to function correctly on your device and to provide you with the appropriate content through the App, among other things. We collect your device’s geographical location for the purpose of presenting you with relevant content, provided that you have given your prior affirmative express consent via your mobile device.Please see the section "Cookies and Web Beacons" below for more information.
Direct Marketing:
​ We may use your personal data to send you marketing, promotions, special offers, product recommendations and non-transactional information from companies within our corporate family and select third parties in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out from receiving these marketing communications at any time by contacting us as set out in the "Your Choices" section below.
2. Cookies and Web Beacons
To enhance your experience on our Services, we automatically collect certain information about your computer or device when you use with our Websites and Apps. This includes information like your browser type and language, IP address and device ID. We (or the third parties we work with) use standard tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons to do this. Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device. Other information you provide to us may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your web browser or device, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services, and relate your use of the Services to other information about you. To learn more about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, and how to manage them, please visit our Cookie Policy.
3. Personal Data We Obtain from Other Sources:
We combine certain personal data collected through the Services with other information that we obtain about you, your computer, and/or device from other companies and sources. To the extent we combine personal data collected through the Services with information we obtain from third party sources, we will treat the combined data in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third party sources vary over time, but have included:
Third party data suppliers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect;
Social networks when you reference our Services or grant permission to Time to access your data (such as your email address) on one or more of these services;
Partners with which we offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities; and
Publicly-available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.
The following are examples of information we have collected from other sources:
Name, postal address, email address and telephone number;
Demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level;
Your interests and purchase behavior;
Publicly-visible data, such as your posts and submissions to blogs, video-sharing services, and other interactive forums; and
Other navigation data, such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on.
4. How We Use the Personal Data We Collect:
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when using our Services and to make them more valuable to you.
We, and our authorized service providers use personal data to enable us to provide, operate and maintain our Services to you and for other legitimate business interests including to:
Fulfill your requests for products, services and information;
Analyze, operate and improve our Services;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our terms;
Enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards;
Save and remember any preferences that you set while visiting one of our Services;
Customize the content you see when you use our Services and other services as you navigate online;
Attribute content that you post to forums we operate on our Services;
Conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting;
Measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of our content, features, advertisements, and other communications;
Analyze how subscribers interact with our email messages and click on links contained within those messages;
Provide you with special offers, promotions and information from companies within our corporate family;
Display, develop, and deliver direct marketing;
Recognize the same users as they access online or mobile services using multiple browsers or devices and deliver to them appropriate interest-based content and advertising;
Provide you with special offers, promotions and information from select third parties in accordance with applicable law; and
Tailor advertising to your interests, including advertising that you see on our Services, advertising you see on third-party websites, mobile applications and email programs, and offers and advertising you may receive offline or as push-notifications, from us or others.
You always have the choice (now and in the future) to avoid personalized advertising based on your web browsing activity by visiting the DAA's Consumer Choice Page, the NAI's website, and/or the EU Online Choices page, from each of your browsers or devices. For more information, see "
Your Choices
" below.
5. Disclosure of Personal Data
We will not rent or sell your personal data without your consent, except as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or in any specific disclosure given to you when obtaining personal data from you.
Affiliates: Third Party Service Providers and Agents:
​ Your personal data will be transferred among our family of companies or other third parties for the purposes of processing your requests, arranging delivery of your subscription, product, or Service, providing customer services to you, sending you promotions or other marketing offers, and for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This includes transferring (or otherwise making available) your personal data to third parties who provide services on our behalf, including subscription management, billing and collections, security, audit, legal, IT, marketing and other services. Our service providers are required to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal data and to use it only in compliance with applicable data privacy laws, and are prohibited from using or disclosing your personal data for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf or as otherwise not prohibited by applicable law; although we may permit them to use aggregate information which does not identify you for other purposes.
Third Party Products and Services:
With your consent, we may share your contact information with carefully selected marketing partners who will contact you by mail or e-mail with offers about products and services that may be of interest to you. You can remove yourself from the future sharing of your contact information with third parties by contacting us as set out in the "
Your Choices
" section below.
Advertising Partners:
We may allow third-party advertising partners to set cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information regarding your use of the Services. For more information about interest-based advertising, and how to opt-out of participating companies’ website tracking technologies, please see "
Your Choices
" below.
Auditing Organizations:
​ We share aggregated statistics and information with third-party auditing organizations, including the UK Audit Bureau of Circulation ("ABC"), so they can verify statistics and circulation usage of our products or review our policies, processes, and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view ABC’s privacy policy
here
.
Sale or Merger of Business:
It is possible that all or part of Time could merge with or be acquired by another business or undergo a corporate change or dissolution such as a reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, sale of assets, or wind down of business. If this happens, or in connection with discussions of such event, we may share your personal information with another company.
Legal:
We may be required to provide your personal data in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law. We may also disclose personal data to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you, where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or third parties, or to enforce our terms.
6. Legal Basis for Processing
In some jurisdictions, like the United Kingdom and European Union, we must have a legal basis to collect, use and share your personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom or European Union, we process your personal data on the basis of:
Performance of a contract:
​ including when we fulfill your requests for products, services and information, and enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards.
Our legitimate interests:
​ including when we analyze, operate and improve our Services, send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages, conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting, provide you with special offers, promotions and information from companies within our corporate family and from select third parties, tailor advertising to your interests, and use your personal data to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities on our Services.
Your consent:
including when we ask for your consent to process your personal data for a specific purpose that we communicate to you or, where applicable, to send you marketing, promotions and special offers.
Compliance with a legal obligation: including when we use your personal data to comply with applicable laws and enforce our terms.
7. Third Party Websites, Social Media, and Advertisers
Our Services provide links to third party websites or offerings where data privacy practices may be different to that of Time. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites or offerings have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites or offerings and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites or offerings may collect, use, disclose, or otherwise treat your personal data.
You can access various social network posting and sharing tools through our Services that are operated by third parties, including a "share" button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of interest to others on your social network pages. When you visit a page that includes one of these sharing tools, the third-party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser, device and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Our Services use third parties to present or serve the advertisements that you may see on our web pages or Apps, and to conduct research about the advertisements. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of personal data that such third parties may have collected from you or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons, and clear gifs). For more information on tracking technologies and your rights and choices, see "Cookies and Web Beacons" above and "
Your Choices
" below.
8. Your Choices
(a) Promotional Emails and Mailings
You can remove yourself from receiving our promotional e-mails by clicking the "unsubscribe" button that appears on our promotional e-mails.
You can remove yourself from our promotional postal mailings by emailing us at
time@subscription.co.uk
. You can also remove yourself by contacting us as described in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
You can also remove yourself from the future sharing of your contact information with third parties for marketing purposes by emailing us at
time@subscription.co.uk
​ or by contacting us as described in the "
How to Contact Us
" section below.
We will try to comply with any opt-out requests as soon as reasonably practicable but please understand that it may take us a few days to process any opt out request and that even if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still send you non-promotional emails in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions, and communications with us.
If you no longer want to receive third-party email offers, simply follow the advertiser's unsubscribe link or opt-out instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive from them.
(b) Analytics
If you wish to disable web beacons in our email messages, turn images "off" in your email client (e.g., Outlook or Outlook Express) as available. Please refer to the settings or options menu in your email client for more information.
Google and Salesforce DMP are some of the third parties we engage to track and analyze usage and browsing patterns of our users. For information about Google Analytics’ privacy practices, click
here
​ and for your related opt-out choices, click
here
. For information about Salesforce DMP’s information collection practices and related opt-out choices, click
here
To learn more about how to block cookies, please visit our
Cookie Policy or click here to manage your cookies
.
(c) Interest-Based Advertising
Time uses Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange and numerous other technology platforms to help deliver relevant advertising to you. Both Time and the technology service provider may collect, receive, or use your personal data in connection with your use of Time’s Services. For information about how Google uses data from Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange, click
here
.
Most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with, including Google, subscribe to the DAA Principles and/or are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To broadly opt-out of participating companies’ website tracking technologies, visit the DAA’s
Consumer Choice page
. To learn more about the information collection practices of NAI members and your related opt-out choices, please visit the
NAI's website
. For more on EU online choices, please visit the
EU Online Choices page
. You can opt out of interest-based advertising from Google by visiting the
About Google Ads
.
(d) Mobile App Advertising and Tracking
We, our authorized service providers and/or other third-party partners involved in the delivery of advertising you receive through our mobile applications may collect information about your mobile device, including your mobile device’s advertising identifiers and the names and IDs of apps you have installed, as well as information about how you use our mobile applications and other unaffiliated applications. We and our partners use this information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through our Services and within third-party apps and other marketing channels. Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your mobile device's advertising identifier to limit this data collection or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions. Visit the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information.
To exercise choice over the companies participating in the DAA’s separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device, download the DAA’s AppChoices app available
here
.
(e) Precise Device Location Tracking
If you authorized us and/or our service providers to collect and/or share information about the precise location of your device through a mobile application, you can always withdraw your consent and prevent the further collection and sharing of your precise device location information by accessing your device’s location privacy settings. Each operating system, iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions on how to turn off precise location sharing. Access the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information.
(f) Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Data
Time provides you with the ability to access and edit certain information that you have provided to us through our Services. If you are a print subscriber located in Australia or New Zealand, you can access and edit your information by clicking
here
. If you are a print subscriber located in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein or Iceland, you can access and edit your information by clicking
here
​ or by emailing us at
time@subscription.co.uk
. Data subjects located in Europe have additional rights as set forth in the "
Data Subject Requests
" section below.
(g) Data Subject Requests
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein or Iceland, you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. For instance, you may have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you through the Services. You also have the right to data portability and the right to withdraw your consent or restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you through the Services.
We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal data that we maintain about you, and you may exercise any of your rights by completing the form available
here
. Please specify in your message to us which right you intend to exercise. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, delete any information, or honor your other rights. Your rights may be limited, and we may be able to fulfill your request, subject to the law of your jurisdiction. Your rights are subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European supervisory authority.
9. Data Controller
European data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as "controllers") and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as "processors").
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein or Iceland, the controller of your personal data is Time Magazine UK Limited, located at Suite 1, 3rd Floor 11 - 12 St. James's Square, London, United Kingdom, SW1Y 4LB. Please be aware that if you register or sign-up to receive services offered by Time USA, LLC, then the primary controller of your personal data will be Time USA, LLC, located at 1095 Sixth Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10036, United States.
10. International Transfers
Time is headquartered in the United States and has operations around the world. We may transfer your personal data to the United States and other countries where TIME, our affiliates and service providers operate, including within the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Hong Kong and Singapore,. Please be aware that these countries (including the United States) may have laws that are different to the laws of the country where you are located, and which may be less protective than your country's laws. However, whenever we transfer your personal data to another country, we ensure that it will be transferred and protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws. If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, we rely on European Commission adequacy decisions or, where appropriate, suitable safeguards such as standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission.
11. Security of Personal Data
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, loss, modification, disclosure, and any form of unlawful processing of personal data in our custody and control, and our service providers are bound to maintain similar safeguards. These measures also aim at preventing unnecessary collection and further processing of personal data. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard the personal data in our custody and control, and we require similar safeguarding measures from our service providers, we need you to understand that we are unable to guarantee the security of your personal data.
To provide you with an increased level of security online, access to your personal data on certain of our Websites may be protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication.
12. Retention of Personal Data
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal data that you provide to us and any subsequent updates. We will retain your personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal data or de-identify it so that it cannot be attributed to your identity. Please note that we may continue to retain personal data for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements. Data subjects located in Europe have the right to request that we delete their personal data as set forth in the "Data Subject Requests" section above.
13. Special Note for Parents
In general, our Services are not intended for children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected information from your child, please email
euprivacy@time.com
.
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes to our personal data practices. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted on this Website with the date of the last modification, and we will notify of the changes if required by the applicable law. We will treat your personal data in accordance with the privacy policy in place at the time of collection of such information, or as you otherwise indicate your preferences. We encourage you to check whenever you use our Services to see if the policy has been updated.
15. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable data protection laws please contact us via email at
euprivacy@time.com
​ or write to us at:
Time Magazine UK Limited,
Attn: Privacy Officer
Suite 1, 3rd Floor
11 - 12 St. James's Square
London, United Kingdom, SW1Y 4LB
Powered by
© 2025 TIME USA, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
Terms of Service
,
Privacy Policy
​ (
Your Privacy Rights
) and
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
.
Sub-policy 1
https://time.com/?swb_show&ketch_region=US-CO&swb_show:
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Accept All
Manage Peferences
Lede Stories
Chip Somodevilla—Getty Images
Trump: Many Fired Feds Won't Be Missed
3 MIN READ
March 12, 2025 • 3:47 PM EDT
“We want to cut the people who aren’t working,” Trump said.
Tesla Sales Are Falling Around the World
3 MIN READ
March 11, 2025 • 2:17 PM EDT
What to Know About the Blood Moon Lunar Eclipse
4 MIN READ
March 11, 2025 • 3:52 PM EDT
What to Know About Dave Weldon, Trump’s Pick to Lead the CDC
7 MIN READ
Updated: March 12, 2025 • 1:46 PM EDT
Most Read
1
World
U.S Added to a Global Human Rights Watchlist
4 MIN READ
2
Politics
Trump Speaks Out on Recession Fears, Tariffs, and Zelensky
7 MIN READ
3
World
What to Know About the Late Prince Frederik of Luxembourg and POLG
4 MIN READ
4
Ideas
Why Canada Is Giving Mark Carney a Shot
7 MIN READ
You Should Know
5 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
Closers2025
Gabby Thomas' Life Is About Much More Than Olympic Medals
Sean Gregory
Women of the Year
Why Nicole Kidman Never Stops Working
Eliana Dockterman
TIME 100 Next
Why Aisha Nyandoro Gives Mothers Cash
Belinda Luscombe
Closers2025
Percival Everett Is Challenging the American Literary Canon
Eliana Dockterman
Closers2025
Colman Domingo Leads With Radical Love
Stephanie Zacharek
4 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
For Many of America's Aging Workers, 'Retirement Is a Distant Dream'
A growing number of older employees want to stop working, but can't
Meet the 2025 Women of the Year
Inside Elon Musk’s War on Washington
Why Do More Young Adults Have Cancer?
Video
Women of the Year: Olivia Munn
0 seconds of 3 minutes, 31 seconds
Volume 0%
Press shift question mark to access a list of keyboard shortcuts
Shortcuts Open/Close
/ or ?
Play/Pause
SPACE
Increase Volume
↑
Decrease Volume
↓
Seek Forward
→
Seek Backward
←
Captions On/Off
c
Fullscreen/Exit Fullscreen
f
Mute/Unmute
m
Decrease Caption Size
-
Increase Caption Size
+ or =
Seek %
0-9
facebook
x
Email
Link
https://time.com/?swb_show&ketch_region=US-CO&swb_show
Copied
Auto
360p
1080p
720p
540p
360p
270p
180p
Live
00:00
03:31
03:31
Women of the Year: Olivia Munn
Feb 20, 2025
|
3:31
Watch Next
Now Playing
Play
Women of the Year: Olivia Munn
Feb 20, 2025
|
3:31
Now Playing
Play
Women of the Year: Jordan Chiles and A'ja Wilson
Feb 20, 2025
|
2:47
Now Playing
Play
Nicole Kidman on the ‘Radical Honesty’ of Babygirl and Her Female Director Pledge
Feb 25, 2025
|
17:40
Now Playing
Play
The Closers: Colman Domingo
Feb 4, 2025
|
3:30
Featured Voices
Stephen Maher
Why Canada Is Giving Mark Carney a Shot
Dan Hendrycks
,
Eric Schmidt
The Nuclear-Level Risk of Superintelligent AI
Shari Dunn
Why Imposter Syndrome Isn’t a Personal Flaw
Stephanie Land
I Resisted Hiring Cleaners After Writing 'Maid'
Latest Stories
SpaceX Delays Flight to Replace NASA's Stuck Astronauts
2 MIN READ
March 12, 2025 • 10:20 PM EDT
Kuwait Frees a Group of Jailed Americans
4 MIN READ
March 12, 2025 • 5:31 PM EDT
What to Know About the Shutdown Standoff
7 MIN READ
March 12, 2025 • 5:21 PM EDT
Trump: Many Fired Feds Won't Be Missed
3 MIN READ
March 12, 2025 • 3:47 PM EDT
1 Big Change at Weinstein's Next Trial
5 MIN READ
March 12, 2025 • 3:36 PM EDT
Egg Prices Soar as Easter, Passover Near
4 MIN READ
March 12, 2025 • 3:17 PM EDT
Subscribe now to get unlimited access to
TIME.com
and more!
2024 Digital Magazine
Inside TIME Newsletter, emailed twice weekly
Discounts at the TIME Cover Store
subscribe now
Listen to Person of the week
Explore More
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
Get The Brief newsletter.
Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now.
SIGN UP NOW
5 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
AP
Calif. Woman Reunited with Cat after Fire
Her daughter shared their reunion Saturday in a TikTok video that quickly garnered more than 1 million likes.
Tesla Sales Are Falling Around the World
What Canada's Mark Carney Means for Climate Change
How China Is Boosting Its Clean Energy Goals
Trump Alone Can't Stop the Energy Transition
5 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
Jim Watson—Getty Images
Tracking DOGE's Moves
Musk’s DOGE team has positioned people across the federal government.
How We Talk About the Holocaust Now
How Schools Are Navigating Trump's Immigration Policies
What to Know About a Potential Trump Third Term
Everyone Who's Resigned From the Trump Administration in Protest
5 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
The Healthiest Way to Clean Your House
You don't have to use toxic products to achieve cleanliness.
Trump’s Major Moves on Reproductive Health
Is Testosterone Therapy Good for Women?
How to Deal With a Narcissist
How to Protect Your Eyes from Screens
5 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
1 Big Change at Weinstein's Next Trial
Harvey Weinstein 's #MeToo retrial next month will largely be an abridged version of the original.
'Long Bright River': TV Review
A New Documentary Traces What Led to the Rust Shooting
'Love Is Blind's' Political Gender Gap
Chelsea and Rick's Love on The White Lotus
5 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
The Best Budgeting Apps for 2025
14 Best High-Yield Savings Accounts in 2025
Best 0% APR Credit Cards in 2025
Best Sign-Up Bonus Credit Cards for 2025
Best Pet Insurance Companies for 2025
4 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
A New Framework for DEI
A new framework from Lily Zheng focused on outcomes and business practices rather than performative initiatives.
LinkedIn Co-founder Reid Hoffman Believes AI Agents Will Be an Essential Part of How We Work
Why EY Treats Loneliness as an Inclusion Issue
Leadership When Everyone Has AI
5 stories
Go to item 0
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Go to item 4
The Best Mattresses for Side Sleepers in 2024: Which Is Right for You?
Best Ticket Resale Sites 2025 to Buy and Sell Concert Tickets
Best Cookware Sets for Your Kitchen According to Professional Chefs
The Best Silk Comforters That Will Make You Feel Like You’re Sleeping In a Cloud
The Bug-Out Bag List Essentials You’ll Want In an Emergency
Sub-policy 2
http://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl