DISCLAIMER
Please note that the content in this app is added and modified by the users. WikiCamps takes no responsibility for content added by users or gives any guarantee for its accuracy. We take no responsibility for any damages or expenses incurred due to the use of this app or the information in it. It is the users responsibility to confirm that it is legal to camp at a site before they do so. The user is responsible for finding out and obeying the laws, rules and limits of any activity they wish to perform at a site, including but not limited to camping, hunting, fishing and use of fire. This includes purchasing any licences required for the activity. If you find anything that is incorrect or inappropriate, please correct it or report it through the app.
All content added by users, including site information, photos, comments and prices become public and can be seen by other people on and off WikiCamps. Regardless of how it may sound or appear, all content added by users is the opinion of that user and may vary from that of other users. User opinions do not represent that of WikiCamps. Prices listed on WikiCamps are to be used as a guide and cannot be used as quotes. All content added grants WikiCamps royalty-free rights to use that content worldwide, in any way.
It is an express term and condition of using WikiCamps that you do not copy material from copyright publications. You must confirm data from your own knowledge and experience. Failure to adhere to these terms and conditions may lead to disabling of your WikiCamps app. WikiCamps reserves the right to disable users read and/or write access to some or all of WikiCamps and the database without a refund. This app or any part of the WikiCamps database may not be copied or reproduced without the permission of WikiCamps.
If we decide to change this disclaimer, we will post the changes on this page.
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting the personal information that we hold, and to collecting, using and disclosing it in accordance with applicable privacy laws, including the Australian Privacy Principles in the
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) (
Privacy Act
).
'We', 'us' or 'our' means WikiCamps Pty Ltd (
WikiCamps
). We respect the confidentiality of the personal information handled by WikiCamps and take steps to safeguard the privacy of the WikiCamps user community, as outlined below. We recognise that the independence of the WikiCamps community is of critical importance to our valued community members. We will only use or disclose personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, or where we have your consent.
To  provide  our  services  and  conduct  our  business  we  handle  personal  information, including determining the purposes and means of processing personal data that we control. This Privacy Policy explains how we handle the personal information we hold, including how we collect, use and disclose personal information.
RECENT UPDATES
This Privacy Policy has been updated to:
provide  more  detail  about  the  personal  information  that  we  collect,  including information  about  how  we  use  cookies  and  related  technologies  for  targeted advertising;
explain  how  we  use  the  personal  information  that  we  collect  with  specificity, such as how we use this information to better tailor our products and services, including the App and App Services;
Include  additional  information  about  data  protection  rights  in  non-  Australian jurisdictions that may apply in certain circumstances; and
update language, descriptions and definitions for clarity.
These updates took effect in April 2023.
In May 2024, we updated this Privacy Policy, with immediate effect, to include more detail about the Service Providers that we use, and what personal information is disclosed by us to these Services Providers, including to provide our App Services. We also included new sections regarding personalised advertising and how we use data to provide personalised advertising.
Please review the updated, current version of our Privacy Policy below.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT (AND WHY)
To  provide  you  with  the  App  Services  and  for  other  purposes  as  described  in  this Privacy Policy we collect your personal information. We provide more detail about the personal information we collect and how we use and disclose it below.
The personal information we collect, and why we collect it
We collect information provided by you when you register an Account with our App. This may contain some limited personal information depending on what you choose to provide, and includes username, email address and any uploaded photos. Please note that the username you select does not need to include your real name or any other information that identifies you.
We also collect personal information that you choose to post within the App, including that contained in comments and photos, and in reviews. Please be aware that any comments and photos you post within the App, including to forums within the App, will be visible to others. We recommend that you do not post sensitive information (such as health information) to the App.
By sharing your personal information to the publicly accessible forums you are accepting that personal information will necessarily be collected by us and used and disclosed in accordance with either this Privacy Policy, or the privacy policy of the site that hosts the forum (see 'Sharing on social media' below), whichever is applicable.
Unactivated Android Devices will send information about your device, including your email addresses, to our server. This information is used to check if your Account has previously been activated.
All payments are made via your payment service provider, such as the app store or PayPal (for Android devices), and we maintain access to transactional account information only via these services. We do not have access to your credit card details. Our Website uses Google Analytics which is a service offered by Google that generates detailed statistics about our Website's traffic and traffic sources (for more detail see ‘Analytical and Performance Cookies’).
Cookies and other technologies
We may collect information relating to your web activity when you access and browse our Website or use the App. Specifically, we may collect information using cookies, and similar technologies, designed to provide information to help us improve the use of our Website and the App and to customise the content we provide.
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you access a website. This information may include your IP address, information and actions taken on the Website including details about when you accessed the Website. The text file is then sent back to our server each time your browser requests a page from the server. Information generated by the cookie about the use of our Website may be transferred to, and stored by, a web analytics service, which may be based overseas, that we use to help us improve our online services. This enables us to provide a better Website visitor experience by loading the Website so that it reflects your personal preferences as previously indicated last time you browsed. Some cookies also help with ensuring the functionality of the Website.
Additionally, emails we send to you use technology that allows us to understand the time and date that an email was opened and whether any links within the email were clicked. You can disable some of this technology by changing the settings in your email client.
We use web tracking/analytic tools, that may be provided by our Service Providers, that generate detailed statistics about traffic to our Website, traffic sources and how you interact with advertisements on our Website and in our App and also on third party websites. These tools can also measure and record conversions and sales.
The cookies and web-tracking tools we use allow our Website and App to operate more efficiently via the device you are using, customise our advertising and help us improve the content and functioning of our Website and App.
We  also  use  cookies  to  help  us  and  our  Service  Providers  to  present  targeted  and customised advertising to you on our Website and on third party websites, including social media platforms.
To  help  us  deliver  relevant  and  effective  online  advertising  to  you,  we  may  also combine data we collect via cookies and similar technologies, including location data, on your devices with other data that we or our related entities have collected. We may share  this  data  with  our  trusted  Service  Providers  or  related  entities  to  assist  with tailoring our products, services and/or advertising to you. We may also share this data in aggregate form with third parties, including Business Partners.
The types of cookies we use are set out below. You can configure your web browser to reject and delete cookies, but this may limit the functionality of our Website or App so that so that they do not operate properly.
Analytical and Performance Cookies
We use website analytics service providers, such as Google Analytics, that use cookies to analyse our Website traffic. These analytics Service Providers collect information and statistics about our Website, including by counting the number of visitors and tracking how visitors use the site. This type of analysis helps us make our Website more effective to use. Information supplied by analysis cookies helps us to understand how our visitors use our Website to improve the user experience.
Functionality Cookies
We may use functional cookies that record the choices you have made on our Website so that we can continue to provide you with information you are interested in during that visit and any subsequent visits. This allows us to provide content that is tailored and relevant, and to improve the Website experience for our Website users.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
We collect cookies that are necessary for our Website to operate and load properly. You can set your web browser to block these cookies but without these cookies you may not be able to move around the Website and use its features.
Resettable device identifiers
If you use our App on a mobile device or tablet we may collect a ‘resettable device identifier' (
Device Identifier
) from that device. Device Identifiers are similar to cookies and we may use them to help us make our advertising more relevant (see also ‘To provide personalised advertising’) and/or for analytics and optimisation purposes; and for delivering ‘push notifications’ (messages that pop up to prompt action and/or notify you of important information) to your device. You can configure your mobile device or tablet to opt-out of personalised advertising from us in connection with a Device Identifier (usually by selecting the appropriate setting under ‘privacy' or ‘ads' in the device settings).
We may use the Device Identifier to notify you of important information, using ‘push notifications’. You can opt out of receiving some types of Push Notification messages from within our App.
Location data
If  you  have  provided  permission  through  your  device,  we  may  collect,  and  store pinpointed physical location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi or mobile tower locations. You can withdraw your consent to the use of location data at any time through  the  settings  of  your  mobile  device.  However,  please  note  that  this  will significantly impact the App’s functionality including the provision of the App Services (including maps of Points of Interests etc.)
Personalised advertising and cookies
Unless you have paid for ad remover, third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to display ads within the App based on your prior visits to our App and Website.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our App users based on your visits to our Apps and Website and/or other websites.
For more information about how Google uses this data please visit
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
.
Users may opt out of personalised advertising by visiting Google’s Ads Settings. Alternatively, you may request to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalised advertising by visiting
www.aboutads.info
.
The following third-party vendors and ad networks serve ads on the App. To opt out of the use of cookies for personalised advertising, please visit the website of the relevant third party or ad network. Alternatively, visit
www.aboutads.info
to opt-out of some third party vendor’s use of cookies for personalised advertising.
WHY  WE  USE  AND/OR  DISCLOSE  THE  PERSONAL  INFORMATION  THAT  WE HOLD ABOUT YOU
To provide you with App Services
We use your email address to register your Account for use within the App and as a ‘username’ to enable access to your Account.
We may also use your email address to contact you, or request our Service Provider contact you on our behalf, about your Account, including to assist us to improve the App Services.
We use and disclose data about your device, including browser and device type, operating system, referring web page and the date and time of page visits and the the location of your device, with your permission, to provide you with a map of Points of Interest or other App Services. Some of this data may be disclosed to Service Providers that provide support for these App Services.
To provide the relevant App Services, WikiCamps uses map services provided by the OpenStreetMap Foundation, St John’s Innovation Centre, Cowley Road, Cambridge, CB4 0WS, United Kingdom (OSMF). To access map services via the App, an App user’s internet browser or application will connect to servers operated by the OSMF located in the United Kingdom and in other countries. WikiCamps has no control over such connections and processing of your data by the OSMF. You can find more information on the processing of user data by the OSMF here:
https://osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy
For marketing analytics
We may also use de-identified data including location data, by combining it with other sources, including publicly available information or data that is held by other companies within our related group of companies, to better understand your preferences. Sharing this aggregated information allows us to better understand how our products and services can assist the WikiCamps community.
Where we share this type of aggregated, de-identified data with our related entities we only do so in the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with the Privacy Act or other applicable laws.
We may collect personal information regarding your activities using the App and our Websites   to   better   understand   your   preferences   and   tailor   our   marketing communications.
We may also provide de-identified location data, in aggregate form, to third parties, for example to assist them to understand general travel trends.
To provide personalised advertising
As explained in the ‘Cookies and other technologies’ section of this Privacy Policy, we use Third party vendors, including our Service Providers, that use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to our App. In particular, we use personalised advertising (formerly known as interest-based advertising) on the App which is served via the Google Mobile Ads SDK. This personalised advertising may involve use of the following data:
device information (see Resettable Device Identifiers for more information) and network information (e.g. carrier and network type);
advertising metrics such as details about how users interact with advertising, including clicks, impressions and views.
App usage data, which includes information about user engagement, such as session length and frequency.
user demographic and interest data, which may, depending on your App and/or device settings and permissions, along with any relevant Google Ad Settings, be inferred from App usage or data you have directly provided.
To meet our legal obligations
We may also use personal information for the purpose of:
complying with any applicable laws (for example any obligations we may have under legislation, including but not limited to the Australian Consumer Law and the
Corporations Act 2001
(Cth);
to fulfill our obligations under contracts with you or third parties;
where necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others, including for fraud or risk management purposes; and
to comply with requests from government authorities and/or enforcement bodies.
When engaging with our Service Providers
We use third party suppliers (
Service Providers
) to provide us with services to support our business. These Service Providers may perform services on our behalf or assist us to provide services, including the App Services, to you. For example, we may engage Service Providers to provide us with IT services, servers, advertising, payment processing, marketing and marketing analytics services. Our Service Providers may need to access your personal information in connection with providing us with these services. The Service Providers we use may be based in Australia or overseas. We only disclose your personal information to our Service Providers in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws.
Other purposes
We may use or disclose your personal information for other reasons which we will explain when we collect it, or for reasons that you have consented to us using or disclosing the information. We will only use or disclose your personal information in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws.
For marketing
We also use personal information to market and promote our products and services, including to:
contact you about special offers or promotions we think may be of interest to you (where we have a legal basis to process your information in this way); and
conduct marketing and web tracking analysis.
We  may  also  collect  personal  information  about  you  by  accessing  data  from  other sources and analysing that data together with the information we already hold about you to better understand your preferences. This information may be anonymised data that  is  shared  with  trusted  Service  Providers  that  help  us  to  market  products  and services to you that are most relevant to your interests.
Sharing on social media
If  you  interact  with  us  using  your  social  media  account,  or  post  in  our  social  media forums or on our social media pages, that personal information will be subject to the privacy policy of the social media website or Media Service Provider.
We  may  use  your  data  to  display  targeted  ads  about  our  (or  our  related  entities’) products, brands and services on the social media websites you are registered with, and for measuring advertising performance on those social media websites. If you do not  object  (see  ‘Right  to  object  to  data  processing’)  to  the  use  of  your  personal information  for  targeted  advertising  purposes,  we  may  transfer  data,  including  data that has been through a process of encryption (e.g. ‘hashing’), to a Service Provider, including a Media Service Provider. Once your data is shared in this way, it is used to:
show you ads about our products, brands and services when you browse the relevant social media website; and
help us to understand the effectiveness of our advertising to enable us to improve our marketing campaigns and tailor our advertising, products and services to your interests.
Reviews
Please note that the reviews that you choose to post via the App may be displayed within  the  App,  on  our  Websites,  or  on  third  party  websites  and/or  Apps,  including those of our Business Partners or Service Providers. We may also provide these publicly available reviews to  our  Business  Partners,  Service  Providers  and/or  related  entities  for  use  in  their promotional and marketing materials.
Links to external websites or services
Our electronic messages or online services, including our Websites or the App, may contain  links  to  other  websites.  We  are  not  responsible  for  the  handling  of  your personal information by those websites and recommend you review the privacy policy of those websites.
STORAGE AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, interference and loss; and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. These steps involve taking electronic and physical security measures, including:
storing personal information on secure networks consistent with industry standards;
using encryption when transferring personal information to other servers;
restricting access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents who need to know the information to process it for us; and
authenticating App users before providing access to their Accounts.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If we no longer need the personal information we hold about you, we take steps to delete, destroy or de-identify that information. We may need to retain personal information for insurance and/or audit purposes, or to comply with obligations under law, including under the Australian Consumer Law and/or the
Corporations Act 2001
(Cth). We will also consider whether we need to retain your data to meet any other relevant legal obligations.
Deletion of Accounts
If you submit a request to delete your personal information, including via our App, we will take all reasonable steps to process your request in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our obligations under the Privacy Act and other applicable laws.
For unregistered App users: to submit a request to delete your Account via the App, select the ‘Permanently Delete Account’ button within the main home menu of the ‘Community Guidelines’ section of the App. For registered App users: to submit a request to delete your Account, select the ‘Permanently Delete Account’ toggle via the ‘My Account’ screen of the App.
We will automatically confirm your request via the App before actioning it, to assist you to avoid unintentional deletion of your important Account data (e.g. trip plans, checklists and photos).
We aim to action Account deletion immediately upon request by the Account user, but it may take up to 30 days. Where an Account deletion is not completed within 24 hours, we will notify you on completion. Once deleted, you will be able to create a new Account, but please be aware that a previous Account deletion is permanent and cannot be reversed.
How to unsubscribe, 'opt-out' or withdraw consent
You may unsubscribe or opt-out of receiving communications from us by:
clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in any electronic messages you receive from us; and/or
contacting us using the details in the 'Contact Details' section of this Privacy Policy.
OTHER DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
In some circumstances, your personal information (or personal data) may be subject to privacy laws in other jurisdictions. Where applicable, depending on the jurisdiction, in some circumstances you may be able to exercise additional specific rights, or make additional requests, in regard to your personal data. These may include:
Right to object to data processing and/or withdraw consent
In  certain  circumstances,  you  can  object  at  any  time  to  your  personal  data  being processed for direct marketing purposes; for marketing purposes based on profiling; or for the purposes of targeted advertising on social media.
In some cases, depending on the circumstances and whether your personal data is being processed on the basis of your consent, you may be able to withdraw consent for the processing at any time.
Right to restriction of data processing
In  certain  circumstances  you  can  request  the  restriction  of  the  processing  of  your personal  data,  including  while  we  investigate  your  concerns  with  the  processing  or personal data.
Right to data portability;
You  may,  in  some  circumstances,  request  the  portability  of  your  personal  data, particularly  where  the  processing  of  that  personal  data  is  based  on  consent  or  the performance of a contract.
Right to erasure
You can request the erasure of your personal data, for example whether it is no longer necessary  for  the  purpose  of  the  data  processing.  See  also:  ‘How  long  do  we  keep your personal information’; and ‘Account deletion’.
CONTACT US
You can:
request access to, or correction of, the personal information that we hold about you;
request to 'opt-out' or 'unsubscribe' from communication from us; or
make a privacy complaint or inquiry (including regarding applicable data protection rights) by contacting us at:
support@wikicamps.co
How to make a privacy complaint
If you have any concerns about how we have handled your personal information and wish to make a privacy complaint, please contact us using the contact details above.
If we are unable to resolve your privacy complaint, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at:
GPO Box 5218, Sydney NSW, 2001, www.oaic.gov.au (telephone 1300 363 992).
LAST UPDATED
This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2024.
DEFINED TERMS
"App" means any application for use on a mobile device (e.g. telephone, tablet or similar device) operated by WikiCamps Pty Ltd.
"App Services" mean services provided via the Apps to Users including (but not limited to) map services, reviews, ratings, photos and locations of Points of Interest and access to checklists, tutorials, trip planning, satellite dish pointer, forum, offline maps and editable site content.
"Account" means an account registered via the App using an email address.
“Business  Partner”  means  a  third  party  that  we  collaborate  with  to  offer  joint promotions, products or services;
“Media  Service  Provider”  means  a  Service  Provider  that  provides  media,  including social media, services, including but not limited to Facebook and Meta Platforms Inc, and Google Ads.;
"Points  of  Interest"  include  (but  are  not  limited  to)  campgrounds,  caravan  parks, backpacker hostels, local points of interest, dump stations, visitor information centres, water taps, toilets and showers.
"Service Provider" means a third party that provides us with services to support our business, including the provision of the App Services. This includes, but is not limited to, Microsoft, Google (including,, but not limited to Google Analytics and Google Adsense) and OpenStreetMap Foundation.
"Website" means www.wikicamps.com.au.
"We" or "us" means WikiCamps Pty Ltd.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy:
Jump to:
content
,
navigation
,
search
Privacy Policy
From OpenStreetMap Foundation
Contents
1
Introduction
2
Why do we store and process personal data?
3
What data do we store and process?
3.1
Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap
3.2
OSMF Membership Data
3.3
Conference and Event Registration Data
3.4
Personal Data from Your Communications with OpenStreetMap
4
Who has access to the data
5
Where do we store the data
6
How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related issues
7
Right to Object
8
Detailed Information
8.1
GPS Trace Data
8.2
Map Data
8.3
User 'home' location
8.4
Email Addresses
8.4.1
Gravatar
8.5
Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts
8.6
Personal data we receive automatically
8.7
Third party provided services and data
8.8
Unrelated Third-Party-Providers of Services and Data
8.9
Communication via OSMF provided Systems
8.10
Account Removal
8.11
Cookies
9
Other Relevant Policies
10
Contact
Introduction
This document states the OpenStreetMap
privacy policy
applicable to OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF) activities. In particular, these activities include:
the OpenStreetMap.org website and associated services and APIs,
the OpenStreetMap data distribution,
the OpenStreetMap wiki and help sites, and
the OpenStreetMap mailing lists and forums.
It describes what personal information we may be gathering from you, who can see this information, and what options you have for controlling this. We value your privacy and strive to achieve a balance between the legitimate interests of the OpenStreetMap project and your interests and rights.
This document is mainly intended for OpenStreetMap contributors, if you are not an OpenStreetMap contributor, but are using services provided by the OSMF, we believe the
Data we receive automatically
section will be most relevant for you.
As the OSMF has many legacy systems and practices that have currently not been fully reviewed and documented, it is possible that a subject of particular interest to you has not been covered yet or is inaccurately described. Please see the
contact
section, below, to reach us if you have any such questions or believe that you have found a discrepancy. As we will be updating this document regularly to reflect our better understanding of these issues, please check from time to time for updates.
OpenStreetMap developers, contributors and related companies will often use the OpenStreetMap name and logo to set up groups or services on third-party web sites. For example, there might be a Facebook page, a Google Plus page, a Slack channel, a page on Xing or LinkedIn, a Meetup group, and so on. The privacy practices of such services are outside of OSMF's control and might be located in countries with different data protection rules. Data you share on these platforms cannot, therefore, be covered by this policy. Please refer to the privacy policies of those third-party services.
Why do we store and process personal data?
The purpose of the OpenStreetMap project and the OSMF is to provide open geographic data, such as street maps, to anyone.
To fulfill the goal of distributing data that is truly open, untethered by rights of third parties and of high quality, we do not support anonymous contributions and retain additional, non-geographic, data on a legitimate interest basis (see
GDPR article 6.1f
), to enable:
identifying all the contributions made by an account,
contacting the contributor in the case of questions in respect to the nature and source of the  contributions,
detecting, removing and correcting spam accounts, vandalism, and violations of the rights of third parties,
facilitating the communication between OpenStreetMap contributors, and
researching and analysing aggregate contributions to improve or prioritise OSMF services, such as evaluating mapping efficacy, map completeness, and determining if locations or mappers are disproportionately represented.
What data do we store and process?
Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap
Besides the geographic data  contributed (points lines, and areas with associated attributes and GPS trace data), and communications related data (diary posts and comments, the user page, changeset comments, and messages) we store
editing session meta-data. For example comments added by the user, any version and similar information added by the editing application, which editing application and which aerial imagery layers where used.
user id and login name of the author of every change to an object and a timestamp indicating when that change occurred.
the e-mail address associated with your account,
any blocks the user has received and associated messages, and
network access data (example IP addresses) for the systems and services operated by the OSMF. see
Data we receive automatically
.
OSMF Membership Data
The full personal name and residential address of members of the organisation according to the Companies Act are, by law, required to be added to the OSMF register of members. Terminating membership does not lead to the entry being deleted. Associate members are not required to provide their full details and the information can be deleted if membership is terminated. Payment details for both classes of members are retained for accounting purposes as long as required by law. The processing of this data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (see
GDPR article 6.1c
).
More details on OSMF membership options can be found on
https://supporting.openstreetmap.org/#Membership-Categories
.
Conference and Event Registration Data
Some events organized by the OSMF require prior registration to be able to participate, most notably our annual State of the Map conference. This data is required to verify payment of entry fees, planning of venues, catering and scheduling of talks and presentations and is visible to the group organizing the event. The processing of this data is necessary for the performance of a contract (see
GDPR article 6.1b
).
Personal Data from Your Communications with OpenStreetMap
Personal data such as your name and contact information submitted as a result of communicating with OpenStreetMap, joining mailing lists, participating in the forum, or requesting information is retained to facilitate our ability to correspond with you.
Who has access to the data
We do not share email addresses associated with accounts with any third party and they are only accessible to operations and working group personnel who have signed confidentiality agreements. User-to-user messages are visible to the sender and the recipient; other access is limited to our operations staff and only if required for operational reasons, to enforce our acceptable use policies, to fulfil any legal obligations, and, most notably, to prevent spam.
Similarly, network access data is only used to support network operations and access is limited to operating personnel performing operational tasks and to combat vandalism and minimize spam.
The remainder of the personal data collected by us is made available, depending on the use case, via the website, via the editing API and from our data dumps, to users with accounts who are logged in.
To reduce the distribution of the non-geographic information we offer our data dumps with and without the additional personal data. Entities that require and process the additional data can register with the OSMF and you can find contact information for them here:
Registered data controllers
. We do not contract with them, and any processing of the data carried out by such entities is done on their own behalf.
Where do we store the data
Personal data other than any associated with a tile request (for instance, IP addresses and request details) is stored in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Backups are stored in the EU.
Map tiles are provided by a global network of cache servers; which tile server your browser or app accesses is determined by the operation of the content distribution network at the time of the request.
How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related issues
While not required by law, we provide the following mechanisms to reduce the exposure of your personal data:
you can select a non-identifying login name and change it at will,
you are not required to include personal data in diary posts, comments, email listserv, the wiki, or other OSM communications methods, and you may delete diary posts at any time through your account,
you can
request that your account be deleted
(restrictions apply, see below) and this will be conveyed to registered entities that are utilizing your personal data.
You should not enable gravatar support or use an e-mail address you have associated with a gravatar if privacy is a concern.
You can further reduce exposure by not adding personal information to the map data (personal names and such) that you submit. Such information is in general not considered to be a useful addition to our data and you should refrain from adding it.
Right to Object
You have a
right to object
against processing based on legitimate interests of the data controller.
Detailed Information
GPS Trace Data
The uploading of GPS data is entirely optional and not a prerequisite for contributions to OpenStreetMap. If you do submit GPS data, it is uploaded in the form of individual GPX files. These are kept as raw files, as well as being imported into the database. GPX files can be marked "
public
" by the uploader; this is completely unrelated to the option of making one's
edits
"public".
When GPS data for an area is downloaded via the API, no indication is provided of which user uploaded a point or of the timestamp that is associated with the point. Points are, however, returned in timestamp order. GPS data downloaded in this way will include points from traces which were not marked as public.
If a GPS trace is marked as public when it is uploaded then the raw trace may be downloaded from the web site or by using an API call. In this case the user's display name is shown (regardless of whether the user has made their
edits
public or not) and the timestamps in the GPX file will be included. Also, any additional information placed in the GPX file will still be present, e.g., waypoints with their names and/or notes entered, associated symbols, elevation data, etc. You should remove any such information from the data and trim enough  information from the beginning and the end of the trace to obscure the start and destination of it before uploading it if you have privacy concerns.
Map Data
All edits made to the map are recorded in the database with the user ID of the user making the change, and a timestamp at the time of change upload. In general all of this information is also made available to everyone via the website, including links to allow everyone to easily cross-reference which user has made which edit.
Editing programs (such as JOSM and iD) can store further data in the database that may be relevant to your privacy. Please refer to the respective authors and distributors of the programs for more information. For example, iD and JOSM may add the language settings of your device to the metadata of each changeset and the make and operating system of the device may be visible from the transmitted version strings.
User 'home' location
If a user sets a home location then it will appear on the "nearby mappers" list for other people with a home location near the user's home location. This is an option on your account settings page.
Email Addresses
The registered email address for an OSM user account will never intentionally be published on the internet anywhere, shared with third party organisations, or revealed directly to other users. Email addresses will be used by the server to notify the user if another user has sent a message through the website, and for other system generated notifications.
Only
System Administrators
will have direct access to email address data associated with the OSM account. It may be used by these people to contact users directly about their edits or other OpenStreetMap-related issues.
Email addresses associated with wiki, forum and help site accounts are stored separately from the OSM user account data in the respective systems. These address are used for notifications and user-to-user communication (if enabled). These addresses are not publicly visible or shared with third parties, but may be visible to the administrators of the systems.
Note that some other types of
Accounts
used by developers/community do expose email address information more publicly (due to technical limitations of the software used, rather than policy decisions). The Trac system exposes your email address in plaintext on the page if the email address (rather than the display name) is used to login. The mailing list system exposes email addresses of people posting messages to everyone who receives the message, as well as in the archive web pages. If you want to post to the list, the system also requires you to register with your proper 'from' address, not a forwarding address.
Gravatar
The openstreetmap.org website supports the display of
Gravatars
, these are retrieved from gravatar.com by generating a globally unique key from your e-mail address. Our website software will check on the initial signup and on every email address change if you have a Gravatar for the new address and start displaying it if one exists. You can stop this behaviour by explicitly turning Gravatar support off in your account settings. You should be aware that, if a Gravatar is displayed, the key can be used to track your account over any website that has Gravatar support.
Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts
You are not required to fill out your profile or make diary posts. By voluntarily entering personal data in your user profile or diary posts, you consent to that information being publicly available and stored by OSMF as long as you maintain an OSM account. You may edit your public profile or your diary posts at any time to remove such information if you change your mind.
Personal data we receive automatically
The OSMF operates a number of services for the OpenStreetMap community, examples are the openstreetmap.org website, the "Standard" style online map, the OSM API and the nominatim search facility.
When you visit an OSMF website, access any of the services via a browser or via applications that utilize the provided APIs, records of that use are produced, we collect information about your browser or application and your interaction with our website, including (a) IP address, (b) browser and device type, (c) operating system, (d) referring web page, (e) the date and time of page visits, and (f) the pages accessed on our websites.
Further we may operate user interaction tracking software that will generate additional records of user activity, for example Piwik.
Additionally, OSMF may engage third party service providers to assist in the delivery of services to the OpenStreetMap community.  Those third party service providers may gather personal data in connection with the provision of services. For example, Content Distribution Networks (a “CDN”) may  use Geo-DNS or similar mechanisms to allocate load to geographically distributed servers and could potentially generate a record of your location at a large scale. See
Third party provided services and data
below
These records are used or can be used in the following ways:
in support of the operation of the services from a technical, security and planning point of view.
as anonymised, summarised data for research and other purposes. Such data may be offered publicly via
https://planet.openstreetmap.org
or other channels and used by 3rd parties.
to improve the OpenStreetMap dataset. For example by analysing nominatim queries for missing addresses and postcodes and providing such data to the OSM community.
The data collected on the systems will be accessible by the system administrators and the appropriate OSMF working groups, for example the Data Working Group. No personal information or information that is linked to an individual will be released to third parties, except except to the extent the third party is a service provider or as required by law. See
Third party provided services and data
below.
IP addresses stored by Piwik are shortened to two bytes and detailed usage information is retained for 180 days.
Given the temporary nature of this storage, it is generally not feasible for us to provide access to IP addresses or the logs associated with them.
The above mentioned data is processed on a legitimate interest basis (see
GDPR article 6.1f
).
Third party provided services and data
We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, we may hire companies to assist with protecting and securing our systems or services, increasing their efficiency, and to support the OSMF activities described herein.  For instance, OSMF recently engaged a CDN provider to allocate demand generated by OSM users efficiently across a global network.
Any vendor or agent that we retain must comply with our data privacy and security requirements and this privacy policy and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose other than to provide the services requested by OSMF. Like us, they will never barter, trade, or sell access to your personal data. We remain responsible and liable under data protection laws if third-party agents we engage to process personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Unrelated Third-Party-Providers of Services and Data
Some sites or services provided by OSMF may be linked with third party applications or websites that provide content or services that is unrelated to OSMF. Such third party applications or websites are not associated with OSMF and personal data collected by them is not covered by the terms of this privacy policy. You will need to refer to the respective third party provider of such content or services for more information about how they handle personal data collected by them. Using these services will typically transmit at least your Internet address and browser information to the operator.
Some such unrelated third-party providers are:
Cycle and Transport Map layers available via the openstreetmap.org website operated by
Gravitystorm Limited, New Malden, United Kingdom
Humanitarian map layer available via the openstreetmap.org website operated by the
OpenStreetMap France c/o Maison des Associations du 2ème Arrondissement, 23 rue Greneta, 75002 Paris
overpass-api used by the query function on the openstreetmap.org website operated by
FOSSGIS e.V., Römerweg 5, 79199 Kirchzarten, Germany
3rd party service integrations in editing applications available from openstreetmap.org:
background layers, see the
Editor Layer Index
for information on the operators of the numerous imagery layers.
iD Editor is an open source OpenStreetMap editor that is not operated by the OSMF.
Privacy Policy
.
Mapillary street-level imagery is provided by Mapillary AB, Bredgatan 4, 211 30 Malmö, Sweden.
Privacy Policy
.
KartaView street-level imagery is provided by Grab Taxi Holdings Pte. Ltd.
Privacy Policy
.
Gravatar images in user profiles that display these are provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd., Business Centre, No.1 Lower Mayor Street, International Financial Services Centre, Dublin 1, Ireland.
Privacy Policy
.
Communication via OSMF provided Systems
The OSM community uses a number of channels for public and inter-personal communication. Some of the systems are operated and controlled by third parties and can be located in countries other than the UK. You will need to refer to the respective service providers for more information.
These 3rd party operated systems are:
Mailboxes for the OSMF e-mail addresses are provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043. USA
IRC channels on the
OFTC network
openstreetmap Organisation and source code repositories on
Github
By using those systems that are provided by the OSMF, for example the messaging system on openstreetmap.org, you agree to your communications being intercepted by OSMF system managers when necessary to address operational issues, to enforce our acceptable use policies, most notably to prevent spam, and to fulfil any legal obligations.
You should be aware of the above when communicating sensitive information and you should employ encryption to protect your communications content.
Account Removal
You can
request your account to be removed
and we will honor such requests as far as possible.
If you have not actively contributed to the project we will not retain any records, user page, diary posts and similar will be removed.
If you have contributed your account will be renamed to user_
USERID
and contributions and changeset comments will be retained with this name, diary entries and your user page will be removed. Since we do not allow anonymous edits we will non-publicly retain your email address in case you need to be contacted with respect to your contributions.
Wiki and forum accounts will be renamed to a pseudo-anonymous name, but otherwise will remain as is. You can unsubscribe yourself from any mailing lists, however you need to realize that personal copies held by the recipients of any mails you sent to the lists and the archives on lists.openstreetmap.org cannot be removed.
In your request for account removal you need to identify all accounts that are affected as we do not have information on which accounts belong to which OpenStreetMap id.
Cookies
Numerous OSMF-operated services use cookies to store information on your login and site navigation state. We also use cookies and similar technologies to recognize and improve your use of our websites. You may delete cookies from your computer, and most browsers provide the option to block them. If you block cookies placed by us (first party cookies), you will not be able to access parts of the OSMF websites and services that require a login. However, your access to our websites will not be affected if you disable cookies placed by third parties.
Other Relevant Policies
As well as privacy issues, users and contributors must also be aware of the
OpenStreetMap License
. This includes
disclaimers
. We also have an
Acceptable Use Policy
covering various types of server usage.
Contact
If you have questions or concerns with respect to this policy, please contact the OSMF via our
Contact channels
.
If you believe that we hold information that would allow us to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate information about you or if you believe that information about you has been processed in violation of this privacy policy please email us at
privacy@osmfoundation.org
.  
Note that you may change your username, email associated with your account, and ‘home’ location through your account without contacting the OSMF.