Philips Pregnancy+ App
Privacy Notice
Last modified [July 18, 2024]
Introduction and scope
This Privacy Notice explains how Philips processes information and personal data when you use the Philips Pregnancy+ app. The app provides personalized features tailored to your pregnancy journey, including weekly articles about each stage of your pregnancy, updates on your baby's development, insights into your health,  as well as  updates relevant to your pregnancy journey through personalized in-app messages and push notifications, and other features and services as described in the
app terms
.
Please note that depending on your relationship to the baby, references to ‘your pregnancy’ may relate to either your own pregnancy or that of another individual whose pregnancy related information is provided to us by you. You agree that you have adequately informed and taken the consent of the individual whose pregnancy information you are providing to us in the app.
For general information on how we process your personal data, please check the
Philips Privacy Notice
.
Data controller
The data controller of your data is Philips Consumer Lifestyle B.V., with address at High Tech Campus 5, 5656 AE, Eindhoven, The Netherlands.
Why we process your data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Creating and Managing your Account.
You can use the app with or without an account. You can create a new account with us using your email address, or using your existing Apple, Google or Facebook account credentials to securely log into the app. If you create an account, we process your account credentials and profile details to allow you to securely login to the app and provide you with our services.
Providing app services.
We enable you to gain insights into your pregnancy, well-being, baby’s development by providing you with personalized content, messages, tips and other services based on your pregnancy journey and app data.
Securely storing your details.
You can upload your pregnancy data to the app. If you create an account, we will securely store your pregnancy status and any other data that you choose to upload to the app. That way we can ensure your data is securely backed up and can be restored in case you remove the app and re-install it on another device.
Providing a personal app experience.
We use your app data (including pregnancy status) to provide you with personalized content tailored to your pregnancy journey. Based on your settings, we may send you regular updates relevant to your pregnancy stage, such as milestones in your baby’s development, through push notifications or in-app messages.
Pregnancy+ Premium version and In-App Purchases.
You can subscribe to the Premium version of the app depending on your country. The Premium version offers features beyond those available in the free version of the app, such as video and audio courses, audio guides by qualified experts covering specific topics and interactive tools. If available to you and if you decide to subscribe to the Premium version of the app, we will process your data to provide you with this service and manage your subscription. If the Premium version of the app is not available in your country, you may have the option to purchase some tools (e.g., kick counter, hospital bag, birth plan, etc.). We will process your data to unlock the tools that you purchased.
Customer support.
We may process information related to you and your use of our services, including your interaction with us, and how to contact you, to provide customer support, respond to your questions and requests, and fix our services.
Serving in-app advertisements.
We have partnered with third parties to enable us to show you either personalized or non-personalized advertisements in the app.
Personalized Ads in the App.
By consenting to receive personalized advertisements in the app, you allow us to use cookies/ similar technologies that collect and use certain app data related to your pregnancy journey or your app usage data in order to tailor the ads based on their relevance to you. When you provide your consent, we will share certain app data with our advertising partner, i.e., Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange, which will use this data to serve advertisements that are relevant and interesting to you. Our advertising is contextual to the app itself, and we do not combine or use data from other sources to further personalize the ads based on your interests and preferences outside of the app environment.
Non-personalized (limited) Ads in the App.
If you do not opt to receive personalized ads, you will still see non-personalized ads in the app. These ads use the minimum required data that our advertising partner Google requires to deliver them.
Improving our app and services.
We want to improve the app and develop new features and solutions for you based on how you interact with us and use the app.
Based on your app usage data.
The data that we observe and collect when you use our services will help us improve the app and our products. We do so by:
Assessing how you use the app and how the app performs on your mobile device, including when the app crashes to identify and fix issues.
Implementing and analysing changes or features deployed across different test groups to understand interactions.
Evaluating how the app is accessed and used and directly link you to specific app sections.
Interacting with you to obtain your feedback, supporting you when required, and sending you service-related communications.
Inviting you to participate in surveys or research projects organized by the Philips group and recording your answers.
Based on your ratings and reviews.
If you write a review or rate the app on the app stores, we may process such information to respond to your comments and questions, understand how you feel when using the app, get familiar with your general perception of the app and our brand, and use these insights to improve the app. We can only see your app store username, ratings, comments and any other detail you decide to share with us or make publicly available. Unless you require us to do so, we do not link this information to your account credentials or any other information we hold from you. Where you require customer support, we may use your data to follow-up on your case and guide you through our customer support process.
Based on your survey answers.
When you participate in a survey, we collect your personal data. Participation in surveys and research projects are entirely optional. The personal data we collect includes your responses, which may relate to your opinion and experience when interacting with our services or third-party services, as well as information about your pregnancy or about any other mother and childcare topics. We may process your survey data in combination with your app usage data. We use this data to gain an understanding of our users and use these insights to improve our app and services in the Philips mother & childcare domain. To do so, we analyse and aggregate your information and answers. Sometimes we run surveys in collaboration with selected partners. We only share aggregated results and insights with our partners and no personal data is shared with our partners.
Allowing you to share your data with third parties.
Some of the features in our app allow you to share your data with companies that you trust and with our selected business partners.
Subscribing to our business partners’ marketing offers.
We’ve teamed up with some partners and we may offer you the opportunity to opt into their marketing campaigns. By selecting one or multiple partners and signing up, you are consenting with the sharing of your contact details, due date, mobile device information and authorization with the selected partners to receive personalized offers from them in accordance with your choices. When we share your data with our partners, please note that we no longer have control over how our partners process your data (e.g., how long they store your data, etc.). We advise you to review the privacy notice of these partners to know more about how they may process your data, prior to providing your consent.
Login using Third Party account credentials.
You can choose to create an account with us using your existing Facebook, Google or Apple account credentials. You understand that Meta, Google and Apple provide their own services to you, and by using their account credentials to login to the App, you allow the selected third party to collect data from you (e.g., analytics data on your login, the name of the app you are using, URL associated with your login, etc.). These third parties may process your data in countries outside of your country of residence, which may not provide adequate protection to personal data in line with Regulation (EU) 2016/679. Using third party login is completely optional. Please read the privacy terms applicable to the selected third party for more information on how they use your data:
Meta
Privacy Terms
Apple
Privacy Terms
Google
Privacy Terms
Advertising partners, for serving advertising in the app.
We use Google’s ad serving solutions to serve Ads in the app. When you provide your consent to receive personalized ads, we will share certain app data with our advertising partner, i.e., Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange, which will use this data to serve advertisements that are relevant and interesting to you, in line with the section titled, ‘Serving In-app advertisements’ of this notice. Additionally, Google may independently use your AdID/IDFA for other purposes such as frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse. To know more about how Google uses your data, please see
Google’s Privacy Terms
for these services.
Other.
The app may contain links to other sites or services of interest. Once you have used these links to leave the app, we do not have any control over those third-party sites or services. The information that you provide whilst visiting such sites is governed by their respective Privacy Notices.
Pregnancy+ Premium Benefit Offers:
This section only applies if you have obtained access to Pregnancy+ Premium subscription as a benefit offered to you (e.g., by your employer, by your insurance company or by our business partners). Please be aware that if you choose to sign up to Pregnancy+ App via benefit offers, in addition to the data processed according to this notice, Philips may need to process certain additional data as per the terms of the benefit offered to you. For instance, we may process your data to provide you with customized content at the request of such third party or process your analytics data for enabling payment by the third party, or share aggregated anonymous usage reports with such third party.
We strongly encourage you to please read the terms of your offer before choosing to proceed.
What data we process
The categories of personal data we process include:
Creating and Managing your Account.
When managing your account, the data we process includes your account credentials and profile information, such as name, email address, username, account unique identifier, country, language, password, as well as your session, login and authentication information.
Providing you app services
Securely storing your details.
When you create an account in our app, we securely store your account data (e.g., your name and account unique identifier) and any other data that you upload to the app, which includes, due date, baby’s gender, your gender, your age, your profile photo, your location, your relationship with baby, date baby is born, first child, pregnancy loss status, points earned and spent in the app, your uploaded pictures, your weekly notes, your diary entries and memories, your doctor’s visits, personal notes and questions that you may wish to record, mother’s weight, your favourite baby names, baby’s kicks, your shopping list,  your hospital bag list, your birth plan, your to-do list, mother’s contraction, mother’s belly pictures.
Providing a personal app experience.
The data we process in order to provide you services in the app includes data that you directly provided to us in the app and data that we collected about your interactions with the app, through the use of cookies/similar technologies:
Pregnancy status data (due date, day of pregnancy, week of pregnancy, pregnancy loss status, baby birth status, your relationship to baby);
Electronic Identification data (e.g., app installation identifier, IP address, device identifiers, operating system, language and locale, time zone, device model);
App usage data (e.g., app interactions, number of articles read/liked, notification authorization status, days active, last active time, app version, session).
Pregnancy+ Premium version and In-App Purchases.
The data we process to provide you with the Premium version of the app and manage your subscription includes subscription status, expiry date, trial period status, renewal status. Please note that your Premium subscription or in-app purchases will be purchased directly in the App Store or Google Play Store. Philips does not process your banking information used to process the payment for your Premium subscription or in-app purchases. Please read the privacy terms from Apple Store or Google Play for more information on how they process your data in this context.
Customer support.
When responding to your questions and requests and to provide customer support, we process your name, email address used to send the request, email content and attachments, device type, OS, app name, app version, email address associated to your account, and account unique identifiers. We may track whether you open the email sent in response to your request.
Serving in-app advertisements
Personalized ads in the app.
When providing personalized advertising in the app, the data that we process includes:
Electronic identification data (AdID/IDFA, IP address, operating system version, mobile carrier, country, language);
Usage and events data (e.g., session, articles read, in-app purchases, etc.); and
Pregnancy status and information about you (trimester, week of pregnancy, relationship to child, first child, baby born, your age (optional)).
Non-personalized (limited) ads in the app.
When providing non-personalized advertising in the app, the data we process includes your IP address, consent status, operating system version, country, language, and region.
Improving our app and services
When improving our app and services based on your app usage data, the data we process includes your app installation identifier, account unique identifier, mobile device identifiers, operating system version, device model, carrier, network information and (masked) IP addresses, locale, device settings, and app information, such as app name, app version, usage and events, app sections visited, and session information.
When improving our app and services based on your ratings and reviews, the data we process include your app store username and profile, country, language, app version, device type, operating system version, app store purchase information in case of Google Play Store users (order identifier, purchase data and currency), ratings, reviews, comments and questions.
When improving our app and services based on how you interact with us across multiple channels, the data we process include your IP addresses, mobile device information, communications you click on or tap, location details, and websites you visit.
When improving our app and services based on your survey answers, the data we process include your app installation identifier, start and end time of survey, consent, your responses, which may relate to your opinion and experience when interacting with our services or third-party services, as well as information about your pregnancy, how you use the application or about any other mother and childcare topics.
Allowing you to share your data with third parties
Subscribing to our business partners’ marketing offers.
If you opt to subscribe to our partners’ marketing offers and provide your consent, we share your contact details (email, first name, last name), due date, mobile device information (country, locale and operating system) and authorization (consent text and date) with the selected partners in accordance with this notice.
Login using Third Party account credentials.
When using your Facebook, Google, or Apple account to login to the app, the selected third party may share data with us (e.g., your name, email address, authentication token) and we may share analytics and app events data with them, in accordance with this notice.
Personalized Ads.
When consenting to receive personalized advertisements, we process and share information about your pregnancy status, and electronic identification data with our advertising partner, i.e., Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange, in accordance with this notice.
When you provide your consent to receive personalized ads, we will share certain app data with our advertising partner, i.e., Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange, which will use this data to serve advertisements that are relevant and interesting to you, in line with the section titled, ‘Serving In-app advertisements’ of this notice. Additionally, Google may independently use your AdID/IDFA for other purposes such as frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse. To know more about how Google uses your data, please see
Google’s Privacy Terms
for these services.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data are as follows:
Creating and Managing your Account.
We process your account data based on the app terms and relying on performance of contract. We process only such data as is necessary in order to create, verify, authenticate and manage your account with us, at your request. You have the option of using the app without creating an account.
Providing you app services.
We process data related to your pregnancy to provide you services in the app based on the app terms and relying on performance of contract. However, due to the very nature of the app, we need to process data about your pregnancy status (due date, week of pregnancy, etc.), which amounts to special category of data, in order to provide the core functionalities of the app itself, which includes enabling you to follow your or the mother’s pregnancy journey, keep track of your or the mother’s well-being and the baby’s development.
Please note that we cannot provide the services without processing data related to your pregnancy.
We rely on your explicit consent to process this data. However, you will be unable to use the app without providing us with this consent. You can choose to delete your account and all data associated therewith at any time if you do not want us to process this data.
Customer support.
We process your personal data based on performance of contract as is necessary to manage our services by identifying and fixing bugs and to provide customer support and reply to your request. However, we may process your data based on our legitimate interests to analyze the app’s performance for improvement of our services. We always verify that our legitimate interests do not outweigh your privacy rights and interests.
Providing in app advertising.
Personalized ads in the app.
We process your personal data (including data related to your pregnancy) to provide you relevant and personalized advertising based on your explicit consent.
Non-personalized (limited) ads in the app.
We rely on our legitimate interest to deliver non-personalized ads to you that are not relevant to your stage of pregnancy, and not tailored to your interests / preferences.
Improving our app and services.
We process your personal data based on our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests involve improving our services and developing new solutions for society and for you in the personal health domain. We always verify that our legitimate interests do not outweigh your privacy rights and interests.
Allowing you to share your data with third parties.
We process and share your personal data with third parties based on your explicit consent (e.g., Business Partners; Personalized Ads in the App), or where you make an express request to us (e.g., Login using Third Party account credentials).
Permissions
When required to provide our services, the app may request your permission to access your mobile device’s storage capabilities, sensors or other features. These permissions include:
WiFi.
The app requires WiFi connection to connect to the internet. You can at any time block WiFi connections through the settings of your mobile device.
Camera or Photo Gallery (optional).
If you add a picture to your profile, the app require permission to access your mobile device's camera or photo gallery.
Calendar (optional).
The app allows you to copy your appointments to your mobile device calendar.
Apple Health (optional).
If you are using iOS, you can authorize the app to read data from Apple’s Health App as well as to write data to Apple’s Health App. Subject to your choices, you may share information such as your weight. Philips’ cloud solutions do not sync with Apple. This means that the exchange of data only happens locally in your mobile device. Please note that, when you disable the sync with Apple’s Health App, the data that was previously exchanged while it was enabled remains available.
Files.
The app may require access to the mobile device’s files to store the language configurations and other files that the app uses to operate (e.g., graphics, media files, or other large program assets). If you delete the app, the data will be deleted from your mobile device.
Other.
In some cases, your operating system may request permissions that your mobile device needs for technical reasons, but that are not controlled or used by Philips.  We will not collect any data associated with such permissions unless required to provide our services in accordance with this notice.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.philips.com/a-w/privacy-notice.html:
Philips Privacy Notice
Last updated:
January 2022
This privacy notice tells you who we are, what personal data we collect about you, why we collect it, and what we do with it. Keep in mind that, for the purposes of this Privacy Notice, personal data means any information or set of information that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as your name, email or phone number. This privacy notice covers how Philips or a Philips-affiliated company handles your personal data when you interact with us, in your capacity as consumer, business customer, supplier, business partner, candidate, visitor, research participant, shareholder or other person with a business relationship with us. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with this Privacy Notice.
For more information on our privacy practice, visit our
Philips privacy page
.
Philips Privacy Notice at a glance
Who we are
How we use your personal data
How we protect your personal data
How we transfer your personal data between countries
Your privacy rights
With whom we share your personal data
How long we keep your personal data
Local-specific privacy information
Who we are
Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice or in other product or service specific privacy notices, the controller of your personal data (as well as the controller’s representative in the European Union) is Philips International B.V.
Postal address:
c/o Philips Privacy Office (Group Legal)
Amstelplein 2
1096 BC
Amsterdam
the Netherlands
Click here to read more
Click here to read less
How we use your personal data
If you want to know more about how we process your personal data, just select any of the following activities and you’ll find out.
Visiting our offices
In our Philips offices we meet visitors such as job applicants, suppliers and tradespeople, stakeholders, and any other individuals who may need to interact with Philips personnel.
If you visit our Philips premises, you should be aware that we may request your personal data in order to provide you with a personalized badge, which will enable you access to our offices. We may also make use of CCTV systems (or other video devices) to record specific spaces of our premises. When we use such video devices, we place warning signs to make sure you are aware that we will record images or videos.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Maintaining the safety and security of Philips employees, visitors, guests, and Philips property and assets;
Safeguarding Philips’s legitimate interests, such as investigating non-compliance with Philips policies and procedures, potential criminal activities (e.g., suspected theft of company or personal property), and other incidents or accidents in our premises;
Initiating disciplinary and judicial processes and procedures, including preserving evidence and disclosing recordings for the purpose of legal claims and proceedings.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data:
When providing you with a personalized badge, which will enable you to access our offices, we generally ask for your name and visit information;
When using CCTV systems, we process video recordings of you (e.g. your image as captured on the CCTV system).
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to protect fundamental rights such as the right to liberty and security, the right to property, the right of defense.
Who is the controller of your data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company of the country where you visited our premises, identified in our Terms of use (see the footer) as being the operator of this website.
Reporting your concerns as a whistleblower
We care about being a responsible partner in society, acting with integrity towards our employees, customers, business partners and shareholders, as well as the wider community. While pursuing our business objectives, we always strive to do this in a responsible manner to ensure we are doing the right thing. This means that if you know of any ethical breaches regarding Philips business, you can report your concern through Philips Speak Up, a reporting website and toll-free telephone service. You can do so anonymously (if allowed under local law). If you decide to reveal your identify, your complaint as well as your personal data will be formally registered in the Philips GBP Complaints Database. Any reported concern will always trigger a thorough follow-up procedure.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
investigating potential violations of our General Business Principles or which otherwise constitute a threat to Philips corporate integrity;
taking any action that might be necessary to do business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations.
What personal data we process
If you report a concern via our Philips Speak Up, we process the following categories of personal data:
If you reveal your identity: Your name, phone number, e-mail address, the best time to contact you, and your relationship with Philips (former employee, vendor, customer or other), if you choose to supply this information.
The name and other personal data of any persons you name in your report, if you are willing and able to supply this information.
Details about the incident which you are reporting (time, place, location, circumstances, a description of what has happened, the possible effects on the Philips entity and whether the management is aware of this issue).
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect fundamental rights such as the right to liberty and security, the right to property, the right of defense, the freedom to conduct a business.
With whom we share your personal data
Your personal data are registered in the Philips GBP Complaints Database, from where it will be sent, on a strictly need-to-know basis, to the appropriate persons within Philips. This means the information may be shared with the assigned investigator(s), assigned GBP Compliance Officer, and in some situations members of Group Internal Audit as well as Group Legal, or outside Philips (forensic auditors, legal counsel) who require this information to ensure compliance with the GBP Reporting Policy and legal or regulatory obligations, or as input for subsequent judicial proceedings.
Making a privacy request
We work to high standards when it comes to processing your personal data. Therefore, as described in this Privacy Notice, if you want to exercise your privacy rights, ask us questions about our privacy practices, submit to us a privacy complaint or contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us (you’ll find the privacy contact form in the relevant section of this Privacy Notice) and we’ll do our best to address your request. Your privacy request as well as your personal data will be formally registered into an electronic case file and this will trigger an internal process aimed at satisfying, to the extent possible, your inquiry.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the purpose of complying with the privacy and data protection laws and regulations we are subject to.
What personal data we process
If you submit a privacy request to us, we require certain information from you as we need them in order to respond to you and adequately address your inquiry. In particular, we need the following information:
Your e-mail address;
Your relationship with Philips (consumer, job applicant, or other).
In addition, if you want, you can also disclose to us your full name, your country, your preferred language and any other information you decide to include in your inquiry.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our need to comply with the privacy and data protection laws and regulations we are subject to.
Joining our meeting of shareholders
The shares of Philips are listed at the stock exchange of Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. The relationship between Philips and its shareholders is governed by Dutch law and our Articles of Association. As a shareholder of Philips, you have certain rights, such as the right to vote on certain corporate matters (among others: the appointment of members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board, say-on-pay, the adoption of financial statements, declaration of dividends and discharge of the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board). Voting takes place at our annual and, if any, extraordinary meetings of shareholders.
Why we process your personal data
If you are a shareholder and you decide to exercise your rights in the context of a general meetings of shareholders we process your personal data to enable you to exercise your shareholders rights, for example to record your participation to the meeting of shareholders, to administer your proxy voting instructions and to process your vote and/or questions or statements during the meeting of shareholders.
A relatively small number of Philips’ outstanding shares are registered in the name of individual shareholders. As required by applicable law, Philips also maintains a register containing the data of the holders of the registered shares and may communicate with those shareholders about the annual meeting of shareholders and about dividend distributions.
Typically, meetings of shareholders are audio visually recorded for internal purposes and can be followed by a live webcast link available via our website.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data:
Full name and title
Date of birth
Postal address
Email address
Shareholder identifier
Financial information (number of shares, dividend, etc.)
Bank or intermediary
Bank account number, securities account number
Name of your authorized representative (if any)
Proxy voting instructions or votes cast
The content of questions, opinions or proposals you may express before or during meetings of shareholders
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our need to comply with applicable laws we are subject to as well as our legitimate interest to conduct business in a responsible manner, for example when we audio-video record the meetings of shareholders.
Subscribing to our investor relations alerts or press releases
At Philips, we aim to deliver superior, long-term value to our customers and shareholders, while acting responsibly towards our planet and society, in partnership with our stakeholders. If you are interested in receiving our
latest press releases
or
investor relations notifications
, you can subscribe to our email updates.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purpose of sending you via email our press releases or investor relations notifications.
If you subscribe the investor relations notifications we will notify you of investor webcasts and calls. If you subscribe to the press releases we will communicate to you about our latest news updates.
What personal data we process
To subscribe to our latest press releases or investor relations notifications we ask your full name, email address and the company you work for (for investor relations notifications only and in case you represent an institutional investor or bank).
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the sending you our latest press releases or investor relations notifications is your consent. In any case, you can unsubscribe at any time via the link at the bottom of the emails or via the respective “Unsubscribe” buttons in Philips Investor Relations and press release webpages.
Applying for a job or interacting with us for job opportunities
Our recruitment process is designed to help us find people who share our passion for improving lives through meaningful innovation and to help you find out if Philips is the right place for you. This process includes the following activities:
applying for a job in our career website;
signing up for our career newsletters to receive the latest jobs and news right to your inbox;
interacting with us (for example, with our recruiters) for job opportunities.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Providing the functionality of our career website to you, such as arranging access to your registered account and enabling you to submit applications via the career website;
Assessing your skills, qualifications and suitability to work for Philips against the position you applied for and/or other career opportunities;
Asking you if you would like your details retained in our talent pool. If you agree, we would proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise.
Depending from the country of employment and based on what is allowed by applicable laws, verifying your information, including through reference checks and, where applicable, background checks.
Communicating with you about the recruitment process;
Sending you via email news and updates about Philips jobs and recruitment activities (if you signed in);
Preparing an offer, if your application is successful;
Complying with applicable laws and regulations we are subject to and cooperate with regulators and law enforcement bodies.
What personal data we process
Depending on the specific recruitment activity, we process the following categories of personal data:
Contact information (such as full name, email address, phone number, country of residence, home address, other contact information);
Data about your skills and qualifications, contained in CVs, cover letter or other documentation provided to us in your application (such as education history, work experience, transcripts);
Data required to conduct background or employment checks, when allowed by applicable laws (such as documents to proof your identity or qualifications);
Information on the type of employment you are or may be looking for, current and/or desired salary and other terms relating to compensation and benefits packages, willingness to relocate, or other job preferences;
Data required to make a conditional offer of employment (such as bank details to process salary payments, emergency contact details to know who to contact in case you have an emergency at work);
Details of how your heard about the position you are applying for;
Data originating from assessments or questionnaires completed by you (such as your answer to written assessments);
In certain cases, you may join optional video interviews. In this case we may process your image or other data captured by your camera.
Information relating to any previous applications you may have made to Philips.
Information that you make publicly available that we believe is relevant to your application or a potential future application (such as your information contained in your LinkedIn profile).
If you're being referred, we process information that the person referring you provides about you.
If required or permitted by local laws, we may also process information of sensitive nature, such information about disabilities, to the extent relevant for the performance of your work.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
our need to perform a contract to which you are subject, or to take pre-contractual steps at your request.
our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect fundamental rights such as the right of defense, the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business.
our need to comply with legal obligations we are subject to.
your consent, for sending you via email news and updates about Philips jobs and recruitment activities and for keeping your details in our talent pool and contacting you for career opportunities.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data for the purposes described in this section is the Philips affiliated company of the country which intends to recruit you (identified in our Terms of use - see the footer - as being the operator of this website) as well as Philips International B.V.
Contacting our customer service
If you require assistance and support from Philips you can contact our support team through our website (via chat or web-form), phone or social media and they will do their best to answer your questions and provide you with the required support.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to answer your questions and provide you with required support, including keeping you up to date on the progress of your case and work order (this may include scheduling, delivering remote/field service activities, including parts ordering, in case you are a business customer);
to verify your identity (e.g. if you already have a MyPhilips account) and support you accordingly;
to deal with any subsequent issues that may arise from your inquiry, such as for establishing, exercising or defending ourselves from legal claims;
to check and improve the level of service we provide; for example, if you contact us by telephone or chat we could record the conversation in order to educate our team during internal training so that we can always improve our customer service support.
to improve, fix and customize our products and services;
[in case you request our assistance about a Philips product produced by one of our brand license partners] to direct your request to the relevant brand license partner, so that they can provide you with the requested support.
to comply with compliance, regulatory and quality standards and regulations.
to ask you if you want to receive promotional emails from Philips and stay up to date about new and existing Philips products and services and about our events (if you want to know more, see the section “Joining our marketing initiatives”).
What personal data we process
If you have a question or request our support, we need you to give us some information, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number or other information necessary for dealing with your question or inquiry. If you have a MyPhilips account, we may use the information linked to your account to provide you with the requested support.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
our need to perform a contract to which you are subject, or to take pre-contractual steps at your request.
our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect fundamental rights such as the right of defense, the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business.
our need to comply with legal obligations we are subject to.
Using our self-service portal to request a repair/exchange
If your Philips product is broken or does not longer work in line with expectations, you can look for our manuals, frequently asked product questions or troubleshooting steps. If these do not solve your problem, you can directly go to our self-service portal to request a repair/exchange or do so with the support of our consumer care agents. Alternatively, you may lodge product warranty related requests via our third-party repair network of partners (such as retailers or repair centers) that service our products and connect to our claims and repair system to submit your claim. In this context, we will process your personal data.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to fulfill the repair/exchange and product warranty related service;
to allow you to track and provide you with a status of your repair or exchange;
to deliver the product to you;
to contact you in case of issues with the delivery or to obtain additional necessary information to fulfill your service request.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories o f personal data:
Contact information (such as your first name, surname, address, phone number);
Product information (e.g. model number, date of purchase),
Information necessary to review your service or repair request,
Information necessary to confirm that your product is in the warranty period (e.g. proof of purchase).
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our need to enter into and perform a contract with you, or to take pre-contractual steps at your request.
Creating your MyPhilips account
If you wish to take advantage of our services, such as registering Philips products or having extended warranties on selected products, you can create your MyPhilips account.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to create and maintain your MyPhilips account;
to enable you to register your Philips products;
to provide you extended warranty on selected products.
You can also use your MyPhilips account for other services, such as:
Managing your marketing communication preferences: when you create your Philips account you can indicate if you wish to receive marketing communications from Philips. That way we are able to contact you if we have something that we think will appeal to you.
Logging-in to Philips mobile apps.
Purchasing Philips products and services in our Philips online shop for consumers, consulting your order history and managing your subscriptions;
Joining our product tests and telling us what you think about our products.
Participating to our promotions, such as cash backs or coupon promotions.
If you want to know more about how we process your personal data in the context of such other services, just select them in this privacy notice and you’ll find out.
What personal data we process
If you create a MyPhilips account we process the following categories of personal data:
Contact information (such as your first name, surname and email address). If you decide to create a MyPhilips account with your social media account, the registration form will be pre-populated with the contact information provided by your social media provider.
Information about your location (such as your country, language preference);
Information about your registered product/service (such as the name of the purchased product and the date and proof of purchase).
In addition, if you want, you can also choose to provide to us:
your salutation, which will be used to personalize our promotional or transactional communications to you; and
your date of birth, which will be used to personalize our promotional communications to you (for example, when is your birthday).
If you want to create a MyPhilips account in your capacity as Professional (i.e. business customer, supplier and/or business partner of Philips), we may also process the following data:
Company name
Company address
Company phone number
Organization type
Job title/specialty
Customer account number.
You can delete your MyPhilips account at any time. To do so, you should log-in and find the deletion button in your settings. We will then remove your MyPhilips account and any data associated to it (this includes also data processed in the context of the other Philips services listed above and associated to your MyPhilips account), unless we are required by law to keep certain data.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our need to enter into or perform a contract with you, or to take pre-contractual steps at your request.
Purchasing Philips products online
You can purchase online Philips products and services in our online shops.
As a consumer, you can either use your MyPhilips account or check out as guest (unless you want to purchase services, in this case you’ll need a MyPhilips account).
As a professional (for example, if you are an healthcare professionals or distributor and you want to purchase our healthcare products from our Philips healthcare shop), you’ll need to create a company or professional account.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to handle your orders and process the payment. In this context, we may process your personal data to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Philips, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks;
to deliver the purchased products and services to the delivery address you provide to us. To do so, we work together with our distribution partners which help us to prepare and correctly process your package, and with our logistic partners which deliver your package to the chosen address.
to update you via email on the status of your order;
to contact you via email for transactional and technical support;
to enable you to consult your order history, save your favorites items or create wish lists, and manage your subscriptions, if any;
To comply with laws and regulations we are subject to (for example, for tax purposes we are obliged to store the details of every purchase).
Keep in mind that certain Philips products and services available in our Philips online shop for consumers are sold to you by one of our partners, as indicated in the terms and conditions of sale that will be shown to you before finalizing your order. This means that if you place an order with one of our partners, we will share your personal data (such as your name and address) with that partner so that it can execute the agreement you have entered to and therefore fulfill your order and send you the invoice. The partner may also use your personal data to update you on the status of your order and to provide you with the required customer support. If you want to know more about how our partner will process your personal data, we invite you to read its privacy notice, which we will make available to you in our online shop.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data:
Your Account data (in case you purchase a product with your Philips account);
Name and Email (in case you purchase a product as a guest);
Shipment and invoice address;
Invoice/receipt information, which includes the purchased product and service;
Payment information (such as your credit card number). Please note that we never store your payment information. When you submit a payment, your payment information will be directly sent to our trusted payment provider, which will connect to your bank to validate the transaction.
You position/title in your company, your company name and type, your buying preferences, your company’s shipping/billing address, if you purchase our products or services in your capacity as healthcare professional.
In certain cases, you may choose to also provide us with your phone number (optional) if you want our trusted shipment provider to contact you via phone in case of delivery issues or if you want our support team to contact you via phone in case of issues with your order.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
our need to execute our Terms and conditions of sale with you, in particular our contractual obligation to manage your order;
our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect fundamental rights such as the right of defense, the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business. This applies when we conduct fraud checks;
our need to comply with legal obligations we are subject to. This apply, for example, when we process details of your purchase for tax purposes.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data for the purposes identified in this section is the Philips affiliated company identified in our Terms and conditions of sale, made available to you in our website.
In case you place an order in our Philips shop for consumers with one of our partners, the controller of your personal data is: (i) Philips International BV for collecting your order and processing the payment; and (ii) the relevant partner identified in its terms and conditions of sale or in its privacy notice, for fulfilling your order, sending you the invoice and providing the requested customer support.
Interacting on social media about Philips
If you actively communicate about us or our brands on social media and other public external sources  (for example, if you share a comment about a Philips product or if you tag Philips in your post) we may process personal data about you that you make publicly available. For example, we may analyze and monitor publicly available opinions or statements that you make about Philips.
Why we process your personal data
We process your comments or posts (which may include your personal data) for the following purposes:
to respond to your comments and questions or provide to you the required support. In case your question or comment relates to a Philips product produced by one of our brand license partners, we may provide your personal data to the relevant brand license partner, so that they could respond to your question or give you the requested support.
to gain a general understanding of what people are saying about us and our brands and therefore improve our products and services accordingly.
What personal data we process
For the purposes described above, we may process any information about you that are contained in any comments or other content about Philips that you make publicly available on social media and other public external sources. This may include information such as your name (or nickname), profile picture, country.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect our fundamental right to conduct a business.
Providing your ratings and reviews to Philips products
If you want, you can choose to rate and review our Philips products online. This helps us to create an open forum where our customers can find and exchange truthful and meaningful comments around our products.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to verify that your review is in line with our terms and that it does not contain misleading or inaccurate claims regarding the performance of the product (for example off-label promotion or not in line with our instructions for use);
to publish your rating and reviews online and give the opportunity to anyone to learn from your experience with our products;
to gain a general understanding of what people are saying about us and our brands and therefore improve our products and services accordingly;
to contact you and offer our assistance in case you in case your review indicates that you are not satisfied with our product or service. In case such review relates to a Philips product produced by one of our brand license partners, we may provide your personal data to the relevant brand license partner, so that they could contact you and offer assistance.
to contact you in case of health and safety or liability issues.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data: email, location, age, gender, number of people living in your household, period of usage of our Philips product.
Keep in mind that when you provide your rating and write a review, we will not make your email visible to other visitors. We will make visible the other information that you provide to us, as this helps us to create an open forum where our customers can find and exchange truthful and meaningful information around our products.
In addition, to respect your privacy, we encourage you to provide a nickname and not your real name when leaving your review.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
our need to execute our Terms and conditions;
our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect fundamental rights such as the right of defense, the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business. This applies when we process your personal data to improve our products and services and when we contact you (or provide your personal data to our brand license partner so that they can contact you) in order to provide assistance.
our need to comply with legal obligations we are subject to. This apply, for example, when we contact your for health and safety issues.
Testing our consumer products
If you want to become a Philips product tester and tell us what you think about our consumer products, you can do so by creating a Philips account (unless you already have one), selecting a test that you are interested in and apply.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to evaluate if you can be selected to participate in the test, based on your answers to our questions during the selection procedure and based our terms.
(if you are selected) to properly manage your participation to the test in accordance with our terms. This includes activities such as informing you by e-mail if you are selected to participate in the test, sending to you our product at the address specified in the registration process, receiving and analyzing the feedback you share with us about the product, verifying that you published online a review of our product, requesting back the product you have received (for example, in case you do not write the review within the specified time frame).
to improve our product and develop new product and services.
What personal data we process
When you sign up to become a Philips product tester, we process the following categories of personal data:
Account information, such as your first name, surname and email;
Information about you, that you provide to us by responding to our questions during the selection procedure.
Feedback about the product that you share with us;
Shipment/fulfilment information, such as your home address, and telephone number;
Overview of which tests you have participated in.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
our need to execute our Terms of use for Philips product tester program;
our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to protect fundamental rights such as the the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business. This applies when we process your personal data to improve our products and services.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data for the purposes identified in this section is the Philips affiliated company identified in our Terms of use for Philips product tester program, made available to you in in our website.
Joining our satisfaction surveys
We work hard to always improve our services and align them even better with what our customers and partners want. That’s why, if you have a relationship with us (e.g. in your capacity as business customer) or if you purchase Philips products or receive services from Philips or a Philips’ brand license partner, we may invite you to join our NPS survey. If you decide to participate and fill-in the survey, your feedback will be used to understand how satisfied you are with the recent service experience you received from Philips or Philips’ brand license partner or, more in general, with your relationship with Philips. From your feedback we will gather statics which will help us to improve our services.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to send you our customer satisfaction survey;
[if you purchase a product online or receive services from Philips] to understand and measure how satisfied you are with the recent service experience you received from Philips;
[if you purchase a product online or receive services from a Philips’ brand license partner] to understand and measure how satisfied you are with the recent service experience you received from the Philips’ brand license partner;
to improve your level of satisfaction with Philips, based on your feedback;
[if you are a business customer] to understand and measure how satisfied you are with your relationship with Philips;
to contact you via phone or email to understand how we can improve our relationship with you.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data:
Contact information, such as your name and email;
[if you are a business customer] Professional information, such as your job title, the name of your company, phone number;
Your feedback.
Lawful basis for processing
Unless differently required by applicable law, the lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to protect fundamental rights such as the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business.
Who is the controller of your data
If you purchase a product online or receive services from a Philips’ brand license partner, the controller of your personal data is: (i) the relevant Philips’ brand license partner identified in its privacy notice (made available to you when your personal data are initially collected), for collecting your personal data, measuring how satisfied you are with your recent service experience and for improving your level of satisfaction; and (i) Philips International B.V. for sending the survey to you.
If you purchase a product online or receive services from Philips or if you are a business customer of Philips, the controller of your personal data for the purposes identified in this section is Philips International B.V. as well as the Philips affiliated company with whom you have a commercial relationship.
Attending Philips events
We regularly organize physical and digital events, such as seminars, workshop or fairs, meetings, webinars or live broadcast events. If you wish to attend one of our events, we will ask you to provide us with your personal data (such as your contact information).
Keep in mind that we don’t publish lists of attendees for our events but, in rare cases, your contact information may be visible to other attendees.
Sometimes, our events will be recorded. If we are recording and you are a presenter, your image and audio will be captured in the recording. If you are an attendee, in some cases, you may decide to share your image and audio during the session, for example, if you choose to interact in a Q&A session. For some events, we may publish the recording on our website or social media channels.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to organize and facilitate the event and provide you with an acceptable service. This may include activities such as contacting you about the event logistics, handling any dietary requirements or access provision you may need (if we do so, we don’t share this information in any identifiable way with the venue, and we delete it after the event), provide you access to the content of the event (e.g. link to the recording once the event has concluded);
to contact you after the event for commercial opportunities about Philips products or services.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data:
Contact information, such as your name and email, country;
Professional information, such as your company name, job title, specialty, function.
Product/service interest
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to protect fundamental rights such as the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business.
Unless differently required by applicable law, when we collect any information about dietary requirements or other access requirements, we do so with your consent as this type of information is classed as special category of personal data.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company of the country where you join the event or from where the event is organized, identified in our Terms of use (see the footer) as being the operator of this website.
Joining our marketing initiatives
If you want, you can join our marketing initiatives and stay up to date about Philips products, services and promotions. Below, we’ll give you an overview of our marketing initiatives and we’ll explain, for each of them, how we process your personal data.
Promotional Emails
Why we process your personal data and what personal data we process
You can choose to receive promotional emails from Philips and stay up to date about Philips and Philips brand license partners’ products and services and about our events. This means that if you give us your consent, we will provide you with promotional emails – or if you are a business customer, we will engage with you about commercial opportunities – that are relevant and interesting to you. Let us give you some concrete examples.
If you have accepted the targeted advertising cookie category when browsing our website, we track your interaction with our websites and mobile apps to see what you are interested in. If you also give us your consent to receive promotional communications we will use the data about your interaction with our websites and mobile apps to send you promotional communications that are relevant and of interest to you. For example, if you visited a certain product in our website, we may send you promotional emails about such product or similar products.
If you give us your consent to receive promotional emails, we will send you such promotional emails. We track whether you open, read or click on the content of the promotional email that you’ve received from us. For example, if you click on a certain product (within the promotional email that you have received), we may send you promotional emails about such product or similar products.
If you give us your consent to receive promotional communications while you are creating a MyPhilips account or purchasing a product or service in our online shop with a MyPhilips account, we will use certain data that you provide to us (such as information connected to your account or to your order or information that you provide to us, e.g. your date of birth) in order to send you promotional communications that are relevant and of interest to you. For example, if you have purchased a shaver in our online shop with your MyPhilips account, we may use your online purchasing data to let you know that we have discounts on shaver’s accessories or similar products.
If you give us your consent to receive promotional communications via our dedicated forms published in our websites or social media pages, we will use that data that you provide to us via these forms (such as your name and email – and your job title/company, specialty or area of care in case you subscribe via the Customer forms directed at Professionals or Customer representatives) as well as information about your country to send you promotional communications that are relevant and of interest to you. For example, if we notice that you are regularly viewing our shavers from a specific country, we may send to you promotional communications about shavers or similar products in the language of that country.
If you give us your consent to receive promotional communications while you are interacting with our support team, we will use certain data that you provide to us (such as your email and the type of product/service for which you requested assistance) in order to send you promotional communications that are relevant and of interest to you. For example, if you have requested assistance on a shaver, we may send to you promotional communications about shavers or similar products.
Keep in mind that we may combine the data we collect about you from the Philips sources listed above and place them in one or more segments (groups having certain characteristics in common) in order to tailor our promotional emails to your interest.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
Your consent; as a general rule, we will only send you promotional communications when you have provided your prior consent; Of course, you can withdraw your consent to receive our tailored promotional emails at any time. You can do so by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of the promotional email that you have received from Philips and you will be automatically unsubscribed.
Our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to protect fundamental rights such as the freedom to conduct a business.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company of the country where you signed up to receive promotional emails (identified in our Terms of use - see the footer - as being the operator of the website) as well as Philips International B.V.
Social media advertising
We use social media to keep you updated about new and existing Philips products and services and to build a commercial relationship with you.
Why we process your personal data and what personal data we process
As said above, we process your personal data to reach out to you - via social media – with promotional communications or ads about new and existing Philips products and services and about our events. For example, if you have accepted the Targeted advertising cookies in our website, we may track your usage of our websites (such as the actions you have taken on our website) and show you relevant Philips ad on your social media.
If you give us your consent to receive promotional communications (e.g. via our dedicated forms published in our websites), we may provide your personal data (such as your email) to social media providers so to show you relevant Philips ads on such social media.
If you are representative of an existing or potential Philips’ customer or business partner (or prospective), we may use your personal data to engage with you - via social media (e.g. LinkedIn) - for commercial opportunities.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
Your consent; this applies when before we collect your behavior on the website and place the relevant cookies and similar technologies in your device; and when we use your consent to receive marketing communications in order to target you on social media via our Partners.;
Our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to protect fundamental rights such as the freedom to conduct a business. This applies when we process your personal data to build your (prospect) customer profile and engage with you via social media for commercial opportunities.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company of the country where you signed up to receive promotional emails (identified in our Terms of use - see the footer - as being the operator of the website) as well as Philips International B.V.
Joining our promotions
We publish different promotions on our products and services that you can take advantage of, such as cashback promotions, extended warranty, coupon promotions, refer-a-friend programs, sweepstakes, contests or a seasonal or other promotions and may even send you a gift when purchasing a product. To deliver on these promotions we process your personal data.
These promotions may be subject to supplement privacy notices.
There are various ways to participate. For example, by filling-in a dedicated form in our website, by creating a MyPhilips account, by singing up to receive our promotional communication via the dedicated forms available in our website or social media pages, or by rating and reviewing our products in our website.
Why we process your personal data and what personal data we process
Generally, we collect the information required to allow you to participate in the promotion, identify you, assessing whether you meet the conditions of the promotion and deliver on the contractual terms of the promotion:
Account information, such as your first name, surname and email; this means that your participation will be linked to your MyPhilips account.
Information that you provide to us (such as your name and email), in case you participate by singing up to receive our promotional communications.
Proof of purchase of product and other data that allows us to verify you meet the conditions of the promotion and to select the winner of the contest (based on the rules that you accept when you decide to participate).
Email and Address information (if you are selected as a winner) to inform you that you are selected as a winner, to send our prize at the address specified in the registration process and to verify if you comply with the terms of the contest and act accordingly.
Bank account number for cashback promotions where we will deposit the amount rewarded in the promotion.
Material or content generated and provided by you that allows you to participate in the sweepstake, contest, game or other competition.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section is our need to enter into or perform a contract with you, or to take pre-contractual steps at your request, specifically to execute the terms of use of the relevant promotion.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company identified in the terms of use of the relevant promotion, made available to you in our website.
Visiting our websites
When you visit our websites we place cookies and other similar technologies on your browser or device that help us to enable the technical and functional management of our websites (including ensuring information security), to improve the design and performance of our websites and to better understand the visitor’s behavior on our pages. These cookies and other similar technologies may collect data such as your IP address, your operating system, your browser type and your device type (e.g. PC, smartphone).
Some cookies are always on when you visit our websites, and you can’t turn them off unless you change your browser settings. We call these “strictly necessary cookies”. Without these cookies the services that you ask for cannot function as intended. We use these cookies to make sure our websites work correctly and are meeting audience needs and interests. For example, we use these cookies to verify when a website is down or to ensure the security of our websites. The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data in this context is our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity protect fundamental rights such as the right of defense, the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business.
We use performance cookies (such as analytics) to gather aggregated statistical information on how our website are performing and to improve their performance accordingly. You can switch these on or off at any time. We’ll only use them if you’ve agreed. For example, we use these cookies to obtain a general view of how visitors use our websites (i.e. which web pages you visit most often, the number of visitors to the various part of a website) or to conduct user surveys on our website in general or on specific elements of our website.
We also use functional cookies to personalize our websites to your needs by remembering choices you make. You can switch these on or off at any time. We’ll only use them if you’ve agreed. For example, we use these cookies to remind you of your settings on our website (such as your username, language or the region you are in) and provide more enhance, personal features. They don’t gather any information about you that could be used for advertising purposes. The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data in this context is your consent.
Lastly, we use advertising and social media cookies to track your surfing behavior on our website and show you personalized advertisements relevant to you and to your interests. Furthermore, if you gave us your consent to receive promotional communications, we will use the information gathered from these cookies to send you communications tailored to your preferences. These cookies may be placed by third parties and will be linked to site functionality provided by such third parties. Therefore, this will impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. You can switch these on or off at any time. We’ll only use them if you’ve agreed. For example, if you are reading an article about a Philips product then we might show you ads on this product in our or third-party’s website. The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data in this context is your consent.
For more information on the specific cookies we use, please read our cookie consent tool.
You can adjust your cookie settings at any time from our cookie consent tool.
Complying with our regulatory obligations
As a manufacturer of medical devices, we are subject to regulatory obligations concerning the placing on the market, making available on the market or putting into service of medical devices for human use and accessories for such devices. Therefore, we continuously process personal data in order to ensure compliance with our regulatory obligations as manufacturer of medical devices.
Why we process your personal data
We process personal data for the following purposes:
to report any serious incident to health authorities after they have established the causal relationship between that incident and the device, or that such a causal relationship is reasonably possible;
to analyze and report on statistically significant increase (either frequency or severity) of non-serious incidents or side-effects that may affect the device's risk-benefit analysis;
to analyze, investigate and take field corrective actions as appropriate in relation to serious incidents.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of personal data:
Log files
Contact information relating to reporters of incidents
Information about patients/other individuals contained in the incident/complaint/feedback.
Log files or Medical images, which may contain patient’s details such as age, sex, weight.
Keep in mind that we have no access to directly identifiable information about patients as they are kept confidential by the relevant healthcare provider and not required for the processing operations we undertake.
Lawful basis for processing
We process your personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to which Philips is subject when we report (a) adverse events to competent authorities, and (b) trends of statistically significant increase (in frequency/severity) of non-serious incidents, and when we manage complaints;
We process your personal data for the performance of an activity carried out in the public interest when we investigate incidents to identify root cause and needed preventive, corrective, field safety corrective action; detect trends of statistically significant increase (in frequency/severity) of non-serious incidents.
How long we keep your personal data
Philips as a manufacturer is required to keep their devices' technical documentation, up to date and available for the competent authorities for a period of at least 10 (implantable devices 15) years after the last device covered by the same declaration of conformity has been placed on the market (i.e. sold).
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company who is the manufacturer of the medical device as indicated in the regulatory label of the relevant device.
Conducting clinical investigations
We perform clinical investigations to assess the safety or performance of our medical devices. In this context, we process personal data of human subjects.
Why we process your personal data
We process personal data for the following purposes:
to perform clinical evaluation aimed to confirm the safety and performance of our medical devices prior to placing them on the market;
to conduct clinical investigations aimed to: (i) establish the suitability of the design, manufacturing and packaging of our medical device for its intended purpose under normal conditions of use,; and (ii) to establish and verify the clinical benefits of the medical device for patients and to establish and verify the clinical safety of the device; and (iii) to determine undesirable side-effects and to assess whether those risks are acceptable risks when weighed against the health benefits of the medical device.
to perform and update the clinical evaluation of the medical device and to perform post-market surveillance.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of (retrospective) data:
General information about patients (such as age, category, sex);
Data concerning health, depending on the type of medical device that was the subject of the clinical investigation.
Keep in mind that we have no access to directly identifiable information about patients as they are kept confidential by the relevant healthcare provider and not required for the processing operations we undertake.
Lawful basis for processing
Unless differently required by applicable law:
When we conduct clinical investigations with the aim to comply with medical device manufacturer’s obligations (for example, when assessing the safety, performance, and quality of our medical devices) we do so in order to carry out an activity in the public interest.
When we conduct clinical investigations with the aim to make better products improving healthcare, we do so in order to carry out an activity in the public interest.
When we report serious adverse events that take place during a clinical investigation, we do so in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to which Philips is subject to.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company who is the manufacturer of the medical device or whom is the sponsor of the clinical investigation, indicated in the study documentation or in other relevant documentation provided by the healthcare provider.
In some cases, clinical investigations are jointly performed by the Philips affiliated company who is the manufacturer of the medical device (indicated in the study documentation or in other relevant documentation provided by the healthcare provider) together with the Philips affiliated companies located in the Netherlands (Philips Electronics Netherlands B.V. or Philips International B.V.), France (Philips France Commercial SAS) and Germany (Philips GmbH).
Conducting clinical studies
We perform clinical studies to fulfil various purposes such as complying with our medical device manufacturer’s obligations or to develop and improve the (safety or) performance of the medical device, enhancing healthcare. In this context, we process personal data of human subjects.
Why we process your personal data
We process personal data for the following purposes:
To perform clinical studies about the medical device based on legal obligations to which Philips is subject;
to perform and update the clinical evaluation of the medical device and to perform post-market surveillance.
to evaluate, assess, test, develop, improve the (safety or) performance of our medical device aiming to make better products improving healthcare.
What personal data we process
We process the following categories of (retrospective) data:
General information about patients (such as age, category, sex);
Data concerning health, depending on the type of medical device that was the subject of the clinical investigation.
Keep in mind that we have no access to directly identifiable information about patients as they are kept confidential by the relevant healthcare provider and not required for the processing operations we undertake.
Lawful basis for processing
Unless differently required by applicable law:
When we conduct clinical studies with the aim to comply with medical device manufacturer’s obligations (for example, when assessing the safety, performance, and quality of our medical devices) we do so in order to carry out an activity in the public interest.
When we report serious adverse events that take place during a clinical study, we do so in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to which Philips is subject to.
When we conduct clinical studies with the aim to evaluate, assess, test, develop, improve the (safety or) performance of medical devices aiming to make better products improving healthcare, we do so based on the scientific research exemption or, where required, based on consent.
Who is the controller of your personal data
The controller of your personal data is the Philips affiliated company who is the manufacturer of the medical device or whom is the sponsor of the clinical study, indicated in the study documentation or in other relevant documentation provided by the healthcare provider.
In some cases, clinical investigations are jointly performed by the Philips affiliated company who is the manufacturer of the medical device (indicated in the study documentation or in other relevant documentation provided by the healthcare provider) together with the Philips affiliated companies located in the Netherlands (Philips Electronics Netherlands B.V. or Philips International B.V.), France (Philips France Commercial SAS) and Germany (Philips GmbH).
Managing your commercial relationship with us
If you have a commercial relationship with Philips – as a (prospective) supplier, business customer or partner – we want to make sure that our relationship with you is founded upon transparency, clear accountability and trust. To manage this relationship with you and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, we may process personal data.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
to communicate with you, e.g. by answering your requests or sending transactional communications;
to initiate, plan, and maintain our (contractual) relationship with the customer, supplier or business partner you represent, e.g. by contracting, processing payments, accounting/billing/invoicing, managing credits, managing shipping and deliveries, handling repairs;
[if you are a business Customer] to provide you with the requested product and services, such as providing technical support;
[if you are a business Customer] to give you access to our Customer Service portal.
to provide you or your representatives with trainings or demo sessions;
[if you are a business Customer] to extend to you credit, upon your request.
to ensure compliance with our General Business Principles and other applicable laws and regulations we are subject to, such as conducting screenings in order to assess what compliance and (commercial/credit) risks are associated with potential business relationships or collecting/responding to quality complaints regarding our medical devices.
What personal data we process
To manage our business relationship with you and ensure compliance with applicable laws, we process the following categories of personal data:
contact information, such as full name, job title/role, business email, business address, business phone number;
payment information, such as data necessary to process payments;
Publicly available data, such as information relating to owners, majority shareholders, and top-level management or executives of our suppliers and business partners collected from trusted publicly available sources;
Data you provide to us, for example when you interact with a Philips representative;
Information about individuals that report adverse events or make quality complaints, including healthcare professionals, such as name, email, postal address.
Device data, such as log-files.
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
our need to perform a contract to which you are subject, or to take pre-contractual steps at your request.
our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect fundamental rights such as the right of defense, the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business.
our need to comply with legal obligations we are subject to.
Accomplishing other legal and business purposes
Insofar necessary, we may have the need to fulfill other legal and business purposes.
In this context, we may process personal data.
Why we process your personal data
We process personal data for the following purposes.
Business process execution and internal management. This purpose includes activities such as conducting (internal) audits and investigations, management of alliances, ventures, mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, re-organizations or disposals and integration with purchaser.
Development and improvement of applications, products and/or services. This purpose includes activities such as the development and improvement of Philips’ products, systems and/or services.
Security and protection of interests and/or assets of Philips. This purpose includes activities connected to the security and protection of the interests and/or assets of Philips and its customers, Business Customers and business partners, including the safeguarding of the security and integrity of their business sector. In particular, it includes activities such as detecting, preventing, investigating and combating (attempted) criminal or objectionable conduct directed against Philips, its employees or other individuals, activities such as those involving health and safety, authentication of customer, supplier or business partner status and access rights and activities such as deploying and maintaining technical and organizational security measures.
Protection of Philips’ intellectual property rights This purpose includes activities such as filing and managing intellectual property rights of Philips and it may require the processing of personal data of inventors and other individuals.
Creation and disclosure of promotional material This purpose includes activities such using photos and videos (which may contain data relating to individuals) in promotional material, which may be disclosed to customers or made available online.
Compliance with legal obligations. This purpose includes the Processing of Personal Data in connection with the performance of a task carried out to comply with a legal obligation to which Philips is subject, including the disclosure of Personal Data to government institutions or supervisory authorities, including tax authorities and other competent authorities for the sector in which Philips operates.
Defense of legal claims.
This purpose includes activities such as preventing, preparing for or engaging in dispute resolution.
What personal data we process
Depending on the specific purpose, we process various categories of personal data (such as contact information data and any other information required to fulfill the above purposes).
Lawful basis for processing
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data for the purposes described in this section are:
our need to perform a contract to which you are subject, or to take pre-contractual steps at your request.
our legitimate interest, in particular our necessity to conduct business in a responsible manner and in line with local laws and regulations as well as to protect fundamental rights such as the right of defense, the right to property, and the freedom to conduct a business.
our need to comply with legal obligations we are subject to.
the consent of the relevant individuals;
Any other legal ground anyhow permitted by applicable laws.
Keep in mind that, unless we need your personal data in order to comply with laws and regulations, you are not obliged to provide us with your personal data. Of course, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with the products or services you requested or to respond to requests that you may have.
How we protect your personal data
We use organizational, technical and physical measures to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing as well as the potential threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these measures to help keep your personal data secure.
How we transfer your personal data between countries
Due to our global nature, your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by Philips-affiliated companies or Philips’ trusted third parties around the world. Of course, when we do so, we ensure to comply with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to:
Philips-affiliated companies processing such personal data in other countries, such transfers are governed by the
Philips Privacy Rules
(so called Binding Corporate Rules);
Philips trusted third parties processing such personal data in other countries not recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection, such transfers are governed by the
Standard Contractual Clauses
.
Click here to read more
Click here to read less
Your privacy rights
Depending on our reason for processing your personal data and applicable laws, you have certain rights on your personal data. Here we want to make you aware of which are these privacy rights.
You have the right to access your personal data.
This means that you can ask us for copies of or information about the personal data that we process about you.
You have the right to rectify your personal data.
This means that, if you think that the personal data we process about you is inaccurate, you can ask us to rectify or correct it. If you want us to rectify your personal data, please tell us what you believe is inaccurate and explain to us how we should correct it.
You have the right to delete your personal data.
This means that you can ask us to erase the personal data that we process about you. Keep in mind that there might be cases (for example, when we are legally obliged to keep your personal data) where we may not be able to erase your personal data.
You have the right to data portability.
This means that you can ask us to transfer the information about you (that you have directly given to us) to another organization, or give it to you. Keep in mind that this right only applies in certain circumstances (for example, if we are processing your personal data with automated means and based on your consent).
You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal data.
This means that, in certain circumstances, you can ask us to limit the way we use your personal data.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data.
This means that, in certain circumstances, you can object to the processing of your personal data, as carried out by us.
Keep in mind that there may be situations where we are entitled to deny or restrict your privacy rights, for example, when it is necessary to establish, exercise or defend Philips from legal claims or when your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of its repetitive character.
At Philips, we aim to give you control over your personal data. Therefore, depending on the activity, you can control your personal data and exercise your privacy rights and choices by yourself, for example by logging in to your Philips account and updating, modifying or deleting your personal data or by unsubscribing to our promotional communications by means of the unsubscribe button (link) included at the bottom of our promotional communications.
In all other cases, to exercise your privacy rights, to submit a privacy complaint or to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us following our
privacy contact form
.
We will do our best to address your request in time and free of charge. In certain cases, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on your request.  Of course, if you are not happy with how we have handled your request, you can make a complaint to the supervisory authority competent for your country or region.
Click here to read more
Click here to read less
With whom we share your personal data
Unless otherwise stated in this notice, these are the categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal data:
Our Philips-affiliated companies.
Due to our global nature, your personal data may be disclosed to other Philips-affiliated companies. Of course, we will make sure that access to your personal data will be granted on a need-to-know basis. In addition, keep in mind that our Philips-affiliated companies are obligated to handle your personal data in accordance with our
Philips Privacy Rules
. This ensures that your personal data will be processed by Philips following the same data protection standards.
Our service providers.
We may engage with third party service providers (e.g. IT providers, customer service providers) and ask them to perform certain processing operations on our behalf, such as storing personal data. When we do so, we make sure that these service providers are contractually obliged not to use your personal data for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law.
Our business partners:
sometimes, we may partner with our business partners to provide you with services, and in this context, we may share your personal data with them. For example, if you purchase a product from our e-shop, we share your information with payment service providers to process the payments.
Third parties in connection with corporate transactions:
at times, we may be involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, joint venture, reorganization, sale of assets or other disposition of al  or any portion of our business, assets or stock. In these cases, we may share your personal data with the third party involved in that corporate transaction.
Others:
for legal reasons, we may also share your personal data with others (such as public and governmental authorities, professional advisors) if we determine that access, use, preservation or disclosure of your personal data is necessary to: 1) comply with applicable laws and regulations or enforceable governmental requests; 2) investigate, prevent or take actions regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; 3) enforce our terms and conditions with you; 4) investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations; 5) protect the security or integrity of our services; 6) exercise or protect the rights and safety of Philips, our Philips customers, personnel or others.
Click here to read more
Click here to read less
How long we keep your personal data
We delete personal data when they are no longer necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy notice.
In any case, unless indicated otherwise in this Privacy notice, the criteria we use to decide our retention periods include: (i) whether we need your personal data to safeguard our legitimate interest, to perform a contract to which you are subject or to respond to your questions or provide to you the required service or support; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; or (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations).
Local-specific privacy information
To ensure compliance with local laws, there are certain additional privacy information that we would like you to be aware of.
For California residents
California Civil Code Section 1798.83
permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year.  If you are a California resident and like to make such a request, please contact us at
contact form
.
California Consumer Privacy Act.
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), we are providing the following details regarding the categories of Personal Information that we collect, use and disclose about California residents. Under the CCPA, “Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with a particular California resident or household.
Sources of Personal Information
We collect Personal Information from:
Our interactions with you, such as through our websites, surveys, emails, social media, and any other online or offline interactions, such as when you contact us via phone, attend one of our events or visit our offices; and
Our Philips affiliated companies, service providers and/or business partners;
Publicly available (online) sources;
Other individuals.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information
The following chart details which categories of Personal Information about California residents we plan to collect, as well as which categories of Personal Information we have collected and disclosed for our operational business purposes in the preceding 12 months.
Click here to read more
Click here to read less
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Identifiers, such as name, contact information, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, IP address and other similar identifiers
Our Philips-affiliated companies
Our service providers
Our business partners
Third parties in connection with corporate transactions
Others: for legal reasons, we may also share your data with others (such as public and governmental authorities, professional advisors).
Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information and payment card number
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, race, religion, sex, primary language, and health
Medical Information, including information in possession or derived from a healthcare provider, healthcare service plan, or contractor regarding an individual’s medical history, mental or physical condition, or treatment.
Health Insurance Information, including individual’s health insurance policy or subscriber number, or other unique identifier used by a health insurer to identify the individual, or any information in the eligibility file or claims history.
Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our website
Geolocation data, such as device location
Audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as call and video recordings
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about, for example, an individual’s preferences, behaviour and characteristics
Use of Personal Information
We use these categories of Personal Information for the purposes of operating, managing, and maintaining our business, providing our products and services, and accomplishing our business purposes and objectives, as described above under “How we Use Your Data.”
We do not sell and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months, as “sale” is defined in the CCPA.  We do not sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
In instances in which we collect Protected Health Information as defined by the Health Insurance and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), we may de-identify such information using the HIPAA Safe Harbor method or HIPAA Expert Determination method.  Once such information is de-identified, it is no longer considered personal information, and we may use it in the same manner as other non-personal information. Any entities to whom we sell or disclose deidentified Protected Health Information are prohibited from attempting to re-identifying it.
Individual Rights and Requests
If you are a California resident, you may request that we:
Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting (if applicable) Personal Information about you; and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable).
Delete Personal Information we collected from you.
To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, please contact us at contact form or 866-309-3263. We will verify and respond to your request as described above in “Your privacy rights” and consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request. If you make a request, we may need to request additional Personal Information from you, such as your name, surname, email address, and/or other unique identifiers such as username in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests.
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Authorized Agents
If you want to make a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a California resident, you may use the submission methods noted above.  As part of our verification process, we may request that you provide, as applicable:
Proof of your registration with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California;
A power of attorney from the California resident pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465;
Written permission that the California resident has authorized you to make a request on the resident’s behalf.  This permission must be signed (via physical or e-signature) by the California resident. If you are making a request on behalf of a California resident and have not provided us with a power of attorney from the resident pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465, we may also require the resident to:
Provide you with a written permission signed by the resident to make the request on the resident’s behalf;
Verify the resident’s own identity directly with us;
Directly confirm with us that the resident provided you permission to submit the request.You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Click here to read more
Click here to read less
Hide
Show
Compare now
Select to compare
Selected products
                            (
0
/3)
Cancel
Compare products
Add product
Add product
Add product
Add product
Remove
By clicking on the link, you will be leaving the official Royal Philips ("Philips") website. Any links to third-party websites that may appear on this site are provided only for your convenience and in no way represent any affiliation or endorsement of the information provided on those linked websites. Philips makes no representations or warranties of any kind with regard to any third-party websites or the information contained therein.
I understand
You are about to visit a Philips global content page
Continue
By clicking on the link, you will be leaving the official Royal Philips ("Philips") website. Any links to third-party websites that may appear on this site are provided only for your convenience and in no way represent any affiliation or endorsement of the information provided on those linked websites. Philips makes no representations or warranties of any kind with regard to any third-party websites or the information contained therein.
I understand
You are about to visit a Philips global content page
Continue
Our site can best be viewed with the latest version of Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome or Firefox.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/sign-in-with-apple/#:~:text=None%20of%20the%20collected%20information,with%20Apple%20data%20we%20receive.:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
Sign in with Apple allows you to sign in to apps and websites while protecting your privacy.
Some developers may ask for your name, which you can edit. They may also ask for your email, which you can provide directly or use an alias.
Apple knows if you’ve enabled Sign in with Apple for an app or a website, but does not track what apps or websites you sign in to or when.
When you first use Sign in with Apple to sign in to an app, Apple uses information about your account and experiences with Apple, along with information about your device and device usage patterns, to help prevent fraud.
Enabling Sign in with Apple
Sign in with Apple protects your privacy by allowing you to sign in to an app (or App Clip) without having to provide the developer with information that personally identifies you. Sign in with Apple also allows you to sign in to a website without having to provide the developer with any additional information that personally identifies you beyond information used by your browser for normal web functions. Instead, when you use Sign in with Apple, Apple provides the app developer with a unique identifier, allowing you to keep your information private. This identifier is distinct for each app developer, to help prevent different developers from gathering and sharing information about you across apps. Developers can also let you use Sign in with Apple for existing accounts on their apps or websites. If a developer chooses to enable this, you can keep the account you have already but sign in to it using Sign in with Apple.
Because certain apps may have reason to collect more information about you — for example, to refer to your account by name or contact you by email — some developers may ask for your name or email address when you use Sign in with Apple. Your name will default to the name associated with your Apple Account, which you can edit before sharing with the developer. If the developer asks for an email address, you can choose to provide the developer with any of the email addresses associated with your Apple Account, or to hide your email address. If you choose to hide your email address from the developer, Apple will generate and provide the developer with a unique email address for them to use to communicate with you. Apple will forward email received at that address to an email address associated with your Apple Account; Apple deletes messages after delivery or after a short while if undeliverable. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can change the email address to which mail is forwarded, or disable email forwarding, by going to Settings > [your name] > iCloud > iCloud Mail > Mail Forwarding. On your Mac, go to System Settings > [your name] > Personal Information. When you deactivate and delete an email address used with Hide My Email, it is retained in association with your Apple Account for 30 days for purposes of abuse prevention. The removed address is thereafter permanently deleted from your Apple Account, and retained only for security purposes such as to prevent reissuing the address.
If you choose to enable Sign in with Apple for an app, that choice is linked to the Apple Account you use for iCloud, so that you can easily use Sign in with Apple for that app on all of your Apple devices.
For fraud prevention and security reasons, the first time you use Sign in with Apple with a new app, Apple will share a simple binary score with the developer to give them confidence that you are a real person. This score is derived from your recent Apple account activity along with abstracted information about your device and device usage patterns. Neither Apple nor the developer receives any specific information about how you use your device.
Using Sign in with Apple
Apple knows when you enable Sign in with Apple for an app or website so that we can help set up the sign-in. When you then use Sign in with Apple with an app on your iPhone, Apple does not see or retain a history of which apps you sign in to or when you use Sign in with Apple — that information stays on your device. When you use Sign in with Apple on Safari, Apple sees when you sign in to a website so that Apple can authenticate your sign in, but Apple does not retain a history of what websites you sign in to or when you use Sign in with Apple.
Even if you use Sign in with Apple to sign in to an app or website, developers can ask you for additional personal information after sign-in. Any personal information that you choose to provide to a developer is subject to their privacy policy.
Managing Sign in with Apple
To manage Sign in with Apple, go to Settings > [your name] > Sign-In & Security > Apps Using Your Apple Account on iOS, to System Settings > [your name] > Sign-In & Security on Mac, or visit
account.apple.com
and go to the Sign-In and Security section, then go to Sign in with Apple. There, you can find a list of the apps using Sign in with Apple, review their privacy policy, and disable Sign in with Apple. If you choose to disable Sign in with Apple for an app, information that was shared with the developer to set up Sign in with Apple for that app and any information that the developer associated with your Sign in with Apple account will continue to be handled according to the developer’s privacy policy.
More Information
Apple works to protect Sign in with Apple with strong authentication — powered by Touch ID, Face ID, and strong passcode options.
Apple may receive anonymous and aggregate information about Sign in with Apple, including information about the use of Sign in with Apple. None of the collected information identifies you personally. Apple may use information that does not identify you to improve Apple products and services, for marketing, and for fraud prevention and security purposes. Apple will not attempt to reidentify any anonymous or aggregated Sign in with Apple data we receive.
Apple will use your information as required by law and for fraud prevention. By using Sign in with Apple, you agree and consent to Apple’s and its subsidiaries’ and agents’ transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of your information as described above.
Apple retains personal information only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in Apple’s Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal information collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal information for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
Published Date: September 20, 2024
Sub-policy 3
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/12921417?hl=en:
Skip to main content
How Sign in with Google helps you share data safely
Your privacy is important. This article helps you understand how Google protects your privacy when you use Sign in with Google to share data with third parties.
With Sign in with Google, you can easily and securely sign in to third-party apps and services using your Google Account. Third parties are companies or developers that aren’t Google. Only share your data with third parties that you trust.
Keep in mind that:
You’re informed of the data that Google shares with the third party.
Sign in with Google doesn’t share your data without your permission.
You can stop using Sign in with Google to sign in to a third-party account at any time.
If you want to delete the data and information you shared with the third party, you’ll need to visit that third party.
Google doesn’t share your Google Account password with the third party.
Learn what data is shared when you use Sign in with Google
What data Google shares
Important:
Sign in with Google doesn’t share your Google Account password.
When you use Sign in with Google to access a third-party app or service, Google only shares the following information associated with your Google Account:
Your name
Your email address
Your profile picture
This data is only shared after you give permission. If you want to use Sign in with Google, you can't exclude any of these pieces of data.
In addition to your name, email address, and profile picture, the third party might request further access to some of your Google Account data.
Learn more about
apps and services that request access to your Google Account data
.
How third parties use your data
Important:
Third-party apps or services may use your email address, name, and profile picture in other ways as described in their privacy policy or elsewhere.
Your email address may be used to create or sign in to an existing third-party account. For example, your email address can be used to:
Check whether you’ve already created an account with a third party.
Associate your Google Account with an existing third-party account.
Create a new account with the third party.
If you don’t already have an account with a third-party app or service, the third party can use your name and profile picture to create one.
What data the third party shares
When you use Sign in with Google, Google doesn’t receive access to your third-party account.
Tip:
Google doesn't use information or activity from Sign in with Google for ads or any other Google product.
How long your data is shared
How long the third party keeps your data depends on their data retention policy. To learn more about how the third party uses your data, go to their Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. You can find these documents:
On the third party’s app, service, or website
At the bottom of the consent screen the first time you sign in to the app with Sign in with Google
If you had previously given your consent, a third-party service can retrieve your basic profile information (name, email, profile picture) when you use Sign in with Google. You can update your Sign in with Google preferences in the Security section of your Google Account. After you remove your consent, you can’t use Sign in with Google on the app or service anymore.
If you remove consent, third-party sites and apps can’t access, share, or reshare any updates or changes to your basic profile information (name, email, profile picture). It doesn't take back data you already shared. You may need to ask them to delete the data they already have.
How Google helps protect your linked accounts
To protect your Google Account, our security technology helps detect suspicious events. When you connect your Google Account to apps or services that participate in Cross-Account Protection, we can notify them about suspicious events we detect. That way, third-party apps and services can use Google’s security technology to keep you safer online.
Learn more about how Cross-Account Protection works
.
Manage apps & services where you use Sign in with Google
You can review or change the access a third party has to your Google Account and the Google services you use.
Review apps where you use Sign in with Google
In your Google Account, you can check which apps and services you use with Sign in with Google.
Tip:
To review or change the access of a third-party app or service, select its name from the list.
View your apps and services
Stop sharing your data
You can remove the access of a third-party app or service to your Google Account. If you remove consent, third-party apps and services can't access any updates or changes to your data. It doesn't take back data you already shared.
Make sure you're signed in to your Google Account.
Review your
apps and services that use Sign in with Google
.
Choose your third-party app or service.
Under “How Google helps you sign in to {app name},” select
See details
Stop using
Sign in with Google
.
Tip:
When you remove access, the third-party app or service may keep information you provided when you signed in with your Google Account. You may need to ask the third-party to delete the data they already have.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
true
Sign in with Google
1 of 3
Sign in with Google
2 of 3
Fix issues with Google Account third-party connections
3 of 3
How Sign in with Google helps you share data safely
Welcome to your Google Account!
We see you have a new Google Account! Learn how to improve your experience with your Google Account checklist.
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
1377433953363707363
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Community
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
true
true
70975
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps