Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
3
Loading…
{"id": "1ha7y73yx7NrhsKSX33SaS2_MwfDyGuq2", "title": "Sound Sleeper - Privacy Policy \x26 Terms of Use.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 3
Sound Sleeper App
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any
information we receive from users of Sound Sleeper app. By using the Sound Sleeper app, you
agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information we collect and receive
We do not collect any personal information. We collect anonymous information about the
sounds and music played by the users. In addition, we use 3rd party programs like Google
Analytics, to collect anonymous information about general usage of our software.
How we use your information
The information we collect allows us to provide personalized experience to every user. The
collection of the anonymous data enables us to continue to work to make our products better.
This policy is not intended to place any limits on what we do with usage data that is aggregated
or de-identified so it is no longer tied to a Sound Sleeper app user.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we’ll post any changes on this page.
If you continue to use the Sound Sleeper app after those changes are in effect, you agree to the
revised policy. If the changes are material, we may provide more prominent notice or seek your
consent to the new policy.
Page 2 of 3
Terms of Use
Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the Sound
Sleeper app (the "Service") operated by soundsleeperapp.com ("us", "we", or "our"). Your
access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with
these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the
Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you
disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall soundsleeperapp.com, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents,
suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive
damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible
losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii)
any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the
Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content,
whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory,
whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy
set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS
AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or
implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, non-infringement or course of performance. Soundsleeperapp.com its subsidiaries,
affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure
or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the
Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will
meet your requirements.
Page 3 of 3
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a
revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect.
What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to
access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the
revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the
Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Privacy Policy or Terms of Use please contact us at
soundsleeperapp@gmail.com
Thank you for choosing Sound Sleeper.
Sound Sleeper Team
Sound Sleeper - Privacy Policy & Terms of Use.pdf
Sound Sleeper - Privacy Policy & Terms of Use.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Sound Sleeper - Privacy Policy & Terms of Use.pdf. Page 1 of 3