Menu
Politics
World
Ideas
Views
Culture
Assisted dying
Latest issue
Podcasts
Newsletters
Policy Insights
Hide this label
Latest issue
Newsletters
Podcasts
Sections
Politics
Election 2024
England
Scotland
Northern Ireland
Wales
Constitution
Brexit
Analysis
Policy
World
Environment
United States
China
Europe
Middle East
The Americas
Asia
Africa
Ideas
Top Thinker
Philosophy
Law
Technology
Media
Religion
Economics
Business
Identity
Views
Columnists
People
Lives
Letters
Brief Encounter
Culture
Books
Film
TV
Stage
Music
Art
Gaming
More from Prospect
App
Policy Insight reports
Events
Past issues
Commercial opportunities
Last update: 19th July 2024
Prospect Publishing Limited (“Prospect”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”) recognises the importance of protecting your personal information and is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data,  it also describes our practices around cookies and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
1. Important information and who we are
2. The data we collect about you
3. How is your personal data collected
4. How we use your personal data
5. Disclosures of your personal data
6. International transfers
7. Data security
8. Data retention
9. Your legal rights
10. Glossary
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this Privacy Notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Prospect collects and processes your personal data, including any data you may provide through filling in forms on prospectmagazine.co.uk or any subdomains (our site), the Prospect Magazine app (our app) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our newsletters or events, take out a subscription, participate in an event organised by us, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, via cookies and when you report a problem with our site.
It describes our general privacy practices that apply to personal information about our subscribers and other individuals, we collect, use and share within our business partners, suppliers and other organisations.
Our site is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller
The controller responsible for your personal is data Prospect Publishing Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with registered office at 2 Queen Anne’s Gate, London SW1H 9AA, United Kingdom (collectively referred to as "Prospect", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice).
This privacy notice applies to all personal data we process as a controller. We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
Full name of legal entity: Prospect Publishing Limited
Email address:
publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk
Postal address: 2 Queen Anne’s Gate, London, SW1H 9AA
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at
www.ico.org.uk
. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on the date shown above. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us by contacting:
publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk
.
Third-party links
Our website or our app may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, title.
Contact Data
includes delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details. We use third party payment service providers to process our subscriber’s payments.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of subscriptions you have purchased from us or events you have registered for with us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username, purchases or orders made by you, preferences, interactions with us or our agents (e.g., feedback) and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our newsletters, website and subscription.
Survey Data:
means Personal Data we may collect from you if you agree to participate in a Survey.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract, including any subscription contract,  we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with your subscription or event ticket details). In this case, we may have to cancel a subscription or event registration you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: sign up for our newsletters, updates and promotional offers; subscribe to our magazine, free promotional articles or other content we publish; enter a competition, promotion or participate in a customer survey; or Interact with us (e.g., to give us some feedback, customer support, complaints, etc.).
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our websites and app, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google;
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of subscription marketing services based inside the EU or the UK;
Publicly available information on you derived from social media integrated with our site.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Including but not limited to providing you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous transaction or negotiation with you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw such consent to marketing at any time by contacting publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact
publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk
if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To process and deliver your subscription including:
(a) register you as a new subscriber
(b) manage payments
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Transaction
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
To manage our relationship with you which will include: (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy notice; (b) Customer support; (c) To keep records of the services provided and our interactions with you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw or competition
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content newsletters and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about offers that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which events or offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have subscribed to our magazine, registered for additional free articles, opted in for our newsletter or promotional offers or if you provided us with your details and you did not opt out of receiving marketing communications from us (see opt-out below) when we collected your information.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out (unsubscribe) links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at
publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk
. Where you opt out (unsubscribe) of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to service emails or surveys (i.e., no marketing emails).
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the web server to collect information from the browser. Find out more about the use of cookies on
http://www.cookiecentral.com
. Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and may track your usage. This helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. Most browsers allow you to turn off all or some browser cookies. To do this look at the “help” menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all the cookies on the website.
Retargeting
We employ technology of Meta, X (Twitter and similar social media companies) on our site to create and deliver our personalised advertising to you.
We may share data, such as technical identifiers derived from your registration information on our site with our trusted advertising partners. This allows them to link your devices and/or environments and deliver our ads to you. To read more about their linking capabilities, or should you no longer wish to be shown any personalised advertising material, please refer to their privacy policies.
Our site uses cookies/advertising IDs for the purpose of such advertising. Re-targeting technologies use cookies or advertising IDs to display advertisements based on your past online browsing behaviour. You can reject the ad related cookies at any time through our website’s consent management tool.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in Section 4 above.
Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
As required by law, or if in good faith we believe disclosure is required by law.
We never sell personal information or pass it to third parties for marketing purposes without your permission. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United Kingdom (“UK”), European Union (“EU”) or European Economic Area (“EEA“). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the UK, EU or EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK, EU or EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved for use in the UK/EU/EEA which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK/EU/EEA.
Please contact
publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk
if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK, EU or EEA.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes. In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Please contact us using the contact details set out in this privacy notice if you have any questions about data retention.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please refer to the glossary below for further details of these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk
.
No fee usually required
You will not usually have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. Glossary
Lawful basis
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by emailing us at publishing@prospectmagazine.co.uk.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Third parties
Service providers acting as processors, who provide subscription management, mail management, IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
We may share your personal data with Audit Bureau of Circulation Ltd, a third-party auditing organization, so they can verify statistics about circulation and usage of our magazine or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy here:
www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy
We may share your data with service providers running marketing campaigns for us. These include: ANT Marketing; IN Digital; Eventbrite
Your legal rights
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Popular articles
Prospect celebrates success at PPA Awards
Prospect now available on Apple News
×
Prospect Publishing Ltd values your privacy
Prospect Publishing Ltd and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalised ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
With respect to advertising, we and 1  selected
third parties
, may use
precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
in order to
store and/or access information on a device
and process personal data like your usage data for the following
advertising purposes
:
personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. If you give consent, it will be valid only in this domain. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept all cookies” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button to continue without accepting.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Manage cookies
Reject all
Accept all cookies
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy:
Site Navigation
ABC Data
ABC Data
Reports & Certificates
Buy Data Subscription
Reporting Standards
Get Audited
Magazines
Newsbrands
Events (ABC Audit)
Events (UFI Audit)
Digital Media
Media Owner Support
Media Buyer Support
Certified Suppliers
Data & Research Partners
Submit Data
Assurance
Assurance
Digital Advertising
TAG Certifications
Brand Safety Certified
Certified Against Fraud
Certified Against Malware
Content Verification
Data Privacy
EDAA (European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance)
AATP Transparency Seal
EDAA Trust Seal
MRS (Market Research Society)
TV Market
Retail Media
Viewability
COUNTER
Bespoke Audits
Spiders & Robots
Marketing Support
News
News
Latest News
Press Enquiries
About
About
About Us
Our Board
Our Team
Our Commitments and Accreditations
Our History
Contact Us
FAQs
Home
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At ABC we take the responsibility of looking after personal data in our possession seriously. This policy explains who we are and what we do with individuals’ personal data. ‘Personal data’ in this context means data relating to a living individual who can be identified from that data, or can be identified from that data taken together with other information that we hold or we may be likely to obtain. The persons or organisation responsible for determining how and why your personal data is used is known as a ‘Data Controller’.
Who we are and how to contact us
What personal data we collect and where we get it from
What we do with your personal data and why
Sharing your personal data
Sending your personal data to other jurisdictions
Keeping your personal data secure
How long we keep your personal data
Your rights in relation to personal data
Updates to this policy
Contact us
Who we are
We are Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd (‘ABC’), a company registered in England (number 259647).
We are an independent company that organisations in the media industry engage to:
Verify and report aggregated statistics related to their media products
Verify their organisation’s policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards
You can contact us:
By email:
dataprotection@abc.org.uk
By post: ABC, Charter House Black Prince Yard, 207-209 High Street, Berkhamsted, Herts, HP4 1AD, United Kingdom
What personal data we collect and where we get it from
The personal data we use can be divided into two key types:
Personal data that has been provided to us by our customers for the purposes of auditing their media products or their policies, processes and procedures against relevant standards
Personal data related to our customers or prospective customers. This includes employees at our customers and other individuals, typically in a business capacity, that use or access our services
For the purposes of auditing
When you transact with a media organisation, for example by buying a magazine, attending an event or visiting a website, they will collect your data and be responsible for it (i.e. they are a ‘data controller’). They will produce, by combining your transaction with others, aggregated statistics for their media products (for example a magazine’s circulation or an event’s attendance figure).
If that media organisation engages us to carry out an audit of their media product(s) they (or agents acting on their behalf) will pass to us the aggregated statistics and supporting information that is necessary for us to carry out the audit. We will therefore be acting as a ‘data controller in common’ with that media organisation in relation to this supporting personal data.
The information shared with us will be relevant to the media product being audited and may include (but not be limited to) the following types of personal data:
Name, job title, company, postal address, email address, telephone number, demographic information, responses to audit personal identifier questions, the fact that you requested or paid for the media product (and how much). This may include information you provide about other people (such as work colleagues) where we assume you have their permission to share this data
For online/digital activity (such as for websites or apps) log file records that may include IP addresses, unique device IDs, indicators of geographic location, cookies and web beacons associated with requests for access, or use of the media product
For ABC customers and prospective customers
If you are registering to use our products or services (or are a prospective customer) we will collect the personal data necessary to provide these services (or engage you regarding them) and keep you updated with information relevant to these services. These will be obtained from you via registration forms, contact with our employees or our website or may be obtained from other publicly available sources such as your website or publicly available directories. This may include (but not be limited to) the following types of personal data:
Name, job title, company, postal address, email address, telephone number. This may include information you provide about other people (such as work colleagues) where we assume you have their permission to share this data
What we do with your personal data and why
For the purposes of auditing
When verifying aggregated statistics:
We reconcile the total records provided with the organisation’s claimed aggregated figures (such as a publication’s circulation, an event’s attendance or a website’s visitors)
We select a sample of records to check against supporting information which may include personal data, such as subscription forms and payment records.
For some media products we may contact a sample of individuals to further verify a particular transaction. For example that you requested a particular magazine or that you attended a particular event. We aim to conduct this in the least intrusive manner using a means of contact that you provided to the media organisation. We will explain why we are contacting you and will not conduct any direct marketing.
When verifying whether a company’s policies, processes and procedures are compliant with relevant standards this may involve us reviewing personal data relevant to the product, to test how an organisation’s systems record and document transactions or activity.
We do not publish any personal data and none of our published output can be linked back to you. The public output of our audit work is a certificate or report on the media product (or organisation) that may include aggregated statistics relating to that product and its audience. You can view examples of these on our website
www.abc.org.uk
.
We do not use any data obtained for the purposes of auditing for any other purpose, such as direct marketing.
The lawful basis under which we use your Personal Data is legitimate interests. This is because on balance, and taking account of your own interests, we have determined that it is necessary for the legitimate business interests for us (and others) to use your personal data in carrying out the auditing of media product(s) and/or organisations’ policies, processes and procedures.
For ABC customers and prospective customers
We will use your personal data to deliver our products and services, manage your registration or subscriptions and communicate updates and relevant notifications and reminders.
The lawful basis which we apply for this purpose is that it is necessary for the performance of a contract or in order to take the steps prior to entering a contract.
We may send you marketing information about our products and services by post, email or telephone. If you wish to change how marketing messages are sent or wish to stop receiving them please contact us.
The lawful basis which we apply for this purpose is that, on balance, and taking account of your own interests, we have determined that it is necessary for our legitimate business interests to process your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing.
Sharing your personal data
We will only disclose personal data to other third parties (such as regulatory authorities) if we were legally compelled to do so, plus in the following circumstances:
When we share the results of our audit testing with the media organisation that supplied it to us. This would only be in the context of communicating any potential impact on the accuracy of the aggregated statistics arising from our conclusions.
When we share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf and on our instruction (for example to carry out auditing work or for the storage of records supporting our audit work). These third parties will be subject to contractual obligations to keep your data secure.
Sending your personal data to other jurisdictions
If we transfer your personal data to processors outside the European Economic Areas (EEA) we will do so with appropriate measures and controls to ensure your privacy rights continue to be protected in accordance with the appropriate legislation.
Keeping your personal data secure
We will take specific steps (as required by applicable data protection laws) to ensure we take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data from unlawful or unauthorised processing and accidental loss, destruction or damage.
How long we keep your personal data
We will retain your information for as long as necessary for the uses set out in this policy unless a longer period is required or permitted by law.
Your rights in relation to personal data
Data protection legislation gives you a number of important rights:
Right of access
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have access to your personal data (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”). This right also means you can obtain information about how we process your personal information.
Right to data portability
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to receive the personal data which you have provided to us and which is processed by us by automated means, in a structured, commonly-used machine readable format.
Rights in relation to inaccurate personal or incomplete data
You may challenge the accuracy or completeness of your personal data and have it corrected or completed, as applicable. You have a responsibility to help us to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. We encourage you to notify us of any changes regarding your personal data as soon as they occur, including changes to your contact details or telephone number.
Right to object to or restrict our data processing
Subject to certain conditions, you have the right to object to or ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
Right to erasure
Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to have your personal data erased (also known as the “right to be forgotten”). For example where your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes it was collected for, or where the relevant processing is unlawful.
Right to withdrawal of consent
As stated above, where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Rights in relation to automated decision making
We do not currently undertake any automated decision making including profiling. However if we do then you have the right to object in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights please contact us via the post or email address given above.
If you wish to make a complaint please contact us in order that we can look into the issue and respond. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which enforces data protection laws. For further information on your rights and how to complain to the ICO, please refer to the
ICO website
.
Updates to this policy
This privacy policy is held on our website or can be provided on request. We may update this policy from time to time and you may check to see if any changes have been made by referencing the date of the last update at the foot of the policy.
Contact us
You can contact us:
By email:
dataprotection@abc.org.uk
By post: ABC, Charter House, Black Prince Yard, 207-209 High Street, Berkhamsted, Herts, HP4 1AD, United Kingdom
This policy was last updated: April 2018
For information on cookies used on this site please refer to our
cookie policy
.
Was this page useful?
Yes
No
Last Name
1		+		10 =
Send feedback
Name
×
×
Like some help, a quote or have a general question?
Enter your details and we’ll be in touch as soon as we can.
Alternatively visit our
contact us page for more options
Email address
*
Your message
*
How did you hear about us?
Please select
Search Engine Result
Search Engine Ad
Social Media
Industry body referral
Newsletter
Other
Other
Submit
Name
Contact us