Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Newsify (“Application”) for the web, mobile devices and computers that was created by
Ben Alexander
. The Application is an RSS News and Blog Reader.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with a sync provider such as Feedly or Newsify is optional in order to be able to use the basic features of the Application on mobile devices and computers. Registration with Newsify is required to use the Application in a web browser.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your username, email address and password when creating a Newsify account; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help;
(d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as RSS feed URLs, and; (e)
authentication information for third-party services supported by the Application.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including the type of mobile device, computer or web browser you use, your mobile device's advertising identifier (iOS/iPadOS 13 and earlier), the IP address of your mobile device or computer, your operating system, crash and error reports, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device or computer.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted service providers (email delivery services:
Sendinblue
,
Google Gmail
; server error tracking service:
Sentry
) who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them
, and adhere to the same privacy standards as the Application
.
if
Ben Alexander
is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
to third party advertising networks (
Appodeal
) and analytics companies (
Google
) as described in the section below.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We work with analytics companies (see above) to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage, to help us understand if the Application is working correctly and to help us resolve any problems. We work with third party advertising networks (see above), who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application, which helps us keep the cost of the Application
low
. Advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including the advertising identifier of your mobile device (iOS/iPadOS 13 and earlier), the IP address of your mobile device, application usage statistics such as launch times and duration, ad views and click-throughs. To protect the anonymity of this information, we don't share any user provided information to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. On iOS/iPadOS 13 and earlier, these third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, and your non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “What are my opt-out rights?” below.
What are my opt-out rights?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling and logging out of the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application from your mobile device or computer and by logging out of Newsify on your computer's web browser. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or computer or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
On iOS/iPadOS 13 and earlier, opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by third party network advertisers:
you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your mobile device's advertising identifier by
changing the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting to On in the device settings under Privacy->Advertising
.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to
24 months
and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, sign in to Newsify using your computer's web browser at newsify.co and select Account in the settings menu, then select Delete my account. If you need assistance, please contact us at newsify.co/support and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at newsify.co/support. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at newsify.co/privacy-policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the
United States
. If you reside outside the
United States
your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under
United States
and European Union privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us at newsify.co/support.