Two transgender girls, six federal agencies. How Trump is trying to pressure Maine into obedience.
Some view Maine as a test case for how the Trump administration may try to force its policies on states, regardless of existing state laws.
Follow live updates on the Trump administration
James Pindell | Analysis
Shaheen is out. What it means. What will happen next. And the three big looming questions in N.H. politics.
Here’s what we’ve learned from background conversations with nearly 30 elected officials, political operatives, and activists from both parties about this fast-moving political shift.
New England schools and food programs take ‘devastating’ hit after USDA funding cuts
The more than $1 billion in federal funding helped  schools, child care programs, and food pantries in 40 states to buy produce and other items from local farmers.
Trump can’t unilaterally abolish the US Department of Education. But mass layoffs can get him close.
Steel and aluminum are fundamental to Americans' lives. Trump’s tariffs could upend industries and consumers.
Representative Bill Keating steps in after lawmaker misgenders transgender representative
Gary Washburn | THUNDER 118, CELTICS 112
The Celtics didn’t answer the bell physically, a painful lesson that needs to be addressed
Coach Joe Mazzulla and Jaylen Brown agreed: The Thunder were the more aggressive, physical team, and that's why they won Wednesday night's showdown at TD Garden.
Thunder pose looming threat after halting Celtics’ five-game win streak at TD Garden
Receiver Cooper Kupp is officially available; your move, Patriots.
The Patriots are desperate for help at the position, and the 31-year-old Kupp is a gamer.
Deatrich Wise, Jonathan Jones leave Patriots to sign with Commanders
Connecticut woman charged with imprisoning and starving stepson for over 20 years
Kimberly Sullivan, 56, of Waterbury, was arrested Wednesday, weeks after her 32-year-old stepson set fire to her home in a desperate bid to escape, police said.
Four finalists emerge in bidding to purchase Celtics
The report also stated that the next round of bids is due next week.
YVONNE ABRAHAM
Does the separation of Church and State still matter in Quincy?
Two monumental religious statues proposed by Quincy Mayor Thomas Koch for the city’s new police headquarters are all kinds of wrong.
Vaccinating poultry could help cut soaring egg prices but US remains hesitant
Chicken meat producers remain the most resistant to vaccines because of concerns they could harm meat exports, which totaled nearly $4.7 billion last year.
Opinion |  Alan Wirzbicki
Good riddance to The Pit
Many people have fond memories of the Harvard Square landmark. But The Pit had a dark side that shouldn’t be glossed over.
End of an era: The Pit, a landmark of Harvard Square, is demolished
Police will step up presence for Sunday’s St. Patrick’s Day parade, commissioner says
Lowell firefighter charged with child porn, allegedly paid minors for explicit videos via Snapchat
Gardner Museum marks 35th anniversary of infamous heist with restored — and empty — frames
Conservators unveiled the completed restoration of the frame that once held Rembrandt's "Christ in the Storm on the Sea of Galilee."
Peter Abraham | On baseball
This is why Red Sox reliever Justin Slaten has to work on being more honest this season
Slaten was so determined to help the team as a rookie last season that he automatically said he was fine when asked before a game if he could pitch.
Will baby boomer homes hit the market soon in ‘silver tsunami’?
Banking on a wave of older homeowners to sell? You’ll be waiting a while.
| Snitch City
A rogue cop, a mystery informant, and a 'drug rip.' How an officer exploited a shadowy part of policing.
The Spotlight Team found a lack of scrutiny around confidential informants. And police misconduct has been allowed to fester.
Explore the project
Listen to the podcast
Inside the clandestine world of police informants through the story of one police department.
Listen to episode 1:
Officer Pastillas
Listen to episode 2:
Blind Trust
Opinion
IDEAS | STEPHEN KINZER
Let’s make a deal, Iran edition
Iran's Supreme Leader rebuffs President Trump
JOAN VENNOCHI
The chill on speech during COVID-19 hurt the country
EDITORIAL
The first thing we do, let’s kill all the (Democratic) lawyers …
Nancy Gertner
Republican calls to impeach judges are dangerous and absurd
DAVID SHRIBMAN, CARINE HAJJAR, JOAN VENNOCHI, AND JAMES DAO
Musk and Trump: Imperfect together?
Most Read on bostonglobe.com
Two transgender girls, six federal agencies. How Trump is trying to pressure Maine into obedience.
Connecticut woman charged with imprisoning and starving stepson for over 20 years
End of an era: The Pit, a landmark of Harvard Square, is demolished
Spotlight | Snitch City: Rogue New Bedford police officer exploited a secret system
New England schools and food programs take ‘devastating’ hit after USDA funding cuts
Four finalists emerge in bidding to purchase Celtics
Red Sox have the top of the batting order set, at least
More recent News
About 100 riders evacuated after Green Line trolley rolls backward, becomes ‘hitched’ to trolley at Park Street station
Shortly before 7:30, a stopped Green Line trolley at Park Street rolled backward and hitched to the trolley behind it, officials said.
Shaw’s closing stores on the North Shore and in New Hampshire as it cuts underperforming locations
Shaw’s parent company, Albertsons, had planned to merge with rival Kroger in a $25 billion deal that was blocked in December on antitrust grounds.
In Pennsylvania, a meteorite landed in a carton of ice cream. Brown University helped ID the out-of-this-world topping.
The space rock smashed through a car window in May 2023, leaving a mystery behind in its trail.
Missing Fitchburg couple and 5 children found in Texas, mother and her boyfriend arrested on kidnapping charges
Ruth Encarnacion, 30, and Isael Rivera, 31, remain in custody at the Hill County Jail in Hillsboro, Texas, awaiting extradition to Massachusetts, jail authorities said Wednesday.
Person hospitalized after e-bike battery pack explosion in Holyoke, officials say
Investigators determined that the owner of the battery was attempting to carry it outside when it exploded, sending the person to Baystate Medical Center and then to Massachusetts General Hospital with serious injuries.
Stunning video shows snowboarder’s narrow escape from avalanche on Mount Washington
The Mount Washington Avalanche Center reported “multiple natural and snowboarder-triggered avalanches” Tuesday.
Recommended reads
BRRRRRRRRRR. A ban on gas-powered leaf blowers is arriving in Cambridge.
Some are more ready than others for the transition to the greener but less-powerful electric equivalent.
BETH TEITELL
Musk rage has some Tesla owners turning against their cars — and even each other
Tesla faces protests, vandalism, and plunging prices amid Elon Musk backlash.
Health care spending in Massachusetts soared in 2023. Here’s what’s to blame.
The one-year increase was the second highest since the state established its benchmark to rein in expenditures in 2013.
DEVRA FIRST | DINING REPORT
Two new Irish pubs to visit for St. Patrick’s Day
Here’s what you’ll find at McGonagle’s Irish Pub & Restaurant and Sweeney’s on Boylston.
Culture & Lifestyle
‘Long Bright River’ is best when it offers a humane look at the opioid crisis
What happened to Hamlet before ‘Hamlet’?
Where to see Celtic music around Boston for St. Patrick’s Day
Sufferin’ succotash, it’s a Looney Tunes movie to love!
Special Projects
Broken Promises, Unfulfilled Hope
The Boston Globe explores the legacy of Boston’s busing era.
A Globe Spotlight Team report on Steward Health Care
A Boston Globe Spotlight Team review found the Steward Health Care hospital system plagued by staggering neglect at the hands of executives.
The Boston Globe’s Best of the Best
Our ultimate guide to more than 200 winners for Boston's best food, drinks, and fun things to do.
Nightmare in Mission Hill
The story of how a murder in Mission Hill — the Carol Stuart shooting — terrorized and wounded a community of innocent people.
Support Real Journalism
Subscribe to the Globe for just 99 cents
Subscribe Now
FROM OUR PARTNERS
product by Studio/B.
What is this?
This content was produced by Boston Globe Media's
Studio/B
in collaboration with the advertiser. The news and editorial departments of the Boston Globe had no role in its production or display.
product by BG BRANDLAB.
What is this?
This content was produced by Boston Globe Media's
Studio/B
in collaboration with the advertiser. The news and editorial departments of the Boston Globe had no role in its production or display.
Opinion, ideas, and commentary
CARINE HAJJAR
‘False and a sham’: Lawsuit targets Maine Democrats for silencing a dissenter
IDEAS | MICHELINE MAYNARD
Eggs are to Trump what gas was to Biden — only worse
RENÉE GRAHAM
Note to Democrats: Decorum will not defeat fascism
EDITORIAL
Six months later, no answers on death of State Police recruit
Robert Kuttner
A recession? You can thank Trump for that.
IDEAS | CARINE HAJJAR
Lebanon’s biggest problem is not Israel
Metro
About 100 riders evacuated after Green Line trolley rolls backward, becomes ‘hitched’ to trolley at Park Street station
Shortly before 7:30, a stopped Green Line trolley at Park Street rolled backward and hitched to the trolley behind it, officials said.
Connecticut woman charged with imprisoning and starving stepson for over 20 years
Kimberly Sullivan, 56, of Waterbury, was arrested Wednesday, weeks after her 32-year-old stepson set fire to her home in a desperate bid to escape, police said.
Federal student loan site down Wednesday, a day after layoffs gutted Education Department
Hundreds of users reported FAFSA outages starting midday Wednesday, saying they were having trouble completing a form that is required for financial aid at colleges nationwide.
YVONNE ABRAHAM
Does the separation of Church and State still matter in Quincy?
Two monumental religious statues proposed by Quincy Mayor Thomas Koch for the city’s new police headquarters are all kinds of wrong.
Sports
THUNDER 118, CELTICS 112
Thunder pose looming threat after halting Celtics’ five-game win streak at TD Garden
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander led the Thunder (54-12) with 34 points. Jayson Tatum had 33 for the Celtics (47-19).
GARY WASHBURN | ON BASKETBALL
The Celtics didn’t answer the bell physically, a painful lesson that needs to be addressed
Coach Joe Mazzulla and Jaylen Brown agreed: The Thunder were the more aggressive, physical team, and that's why they won Wednesday night's showdown at TD Garden.
Celtics notebook
Kristaps Porzingis (illness) sits out Celtics home game vs. Thunder
Porzingis has not played since the Celtics lost to Detroit on Feb. 26.
HIGH SCHOOLS
Six high school takeaways as boys’ and girls’ basketball championships are set, plus new football coaches
NFL
Report: 49ers agree to a two-year contract with QB Mac Jones
MEN'S HOCKEY EAST PLAYOFFS
Dylan Hryckowian, Northeastern knock out Merrimack in double OT in Hockey East playoffs
Columnists
Christopher L. Gasper
Christopher L. Gasper is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at
christopher.gasper@globe.com
. Follow him
@cgasper
and on Instagram
@cgaspersports
.
Does Bruins management have the gumption to make a major trade and remake the team? History says no.
Dan Shaughnessy
Dan Shaughnessy is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at
daniel.shaughnessy@globe.com
. Follow him
@dan_shaughnessy
.
Red Sox staffer’s disrespect of Hall of Famer Jim Rice is unacceptable … yet accepted in today’s MLB
Tara Sullivan
Tara Sullivan is a Globe columnist. She can be reached at
tara.sullivan@globe.com
. Follow her
@Globe_Tara
.
Brad Marchand is the last link to a bygone Bruins era. What he did in Boston won’t be forgotten.
Gary Washburn
Gary Washburn is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at
gary.washburn@globe.com
. Follow him
@GwashburnGlobe
.
The Celtics didn’t answer the bell physically, a painful lesson that needs to be addressed
Business
Vaccinating poultry could help cut soaring egg prices but US remains hesitant
Chicken meat producers remain the most resistant to vaccines because of concerns they could harm meat exports, which totaled nearly $4.7 billion last year.
A government program made tax filing free and more efficient. Musk and DOGE may get rid of it anyway.
Direct File was rolled out as a pilot program in 2024 after the IRS was tasked with looking into how to create a “direct file” system as part of the money it received from the Inflation Reduction Act signed into law by former president Joe Biden in 2022.
Canada and the EU swiftly retaliate against Trump’s steel and aluminum tariffs
Trump vows to take back ‘stolen’ wealth as tariffs on steel and aluminum imports go into effect
Business columnists
Shirley Leung
Shirley Leung is a Business columnist. She can be reached at
shirley.leung@globe.com
.
Another challenger for Michelle Wu? Developer Thomas O’Brien considering jump into mayoral race.
Larry Edelman
Larry Edelman can be reached at
larry.edelman@globe.com
.
Housing costs are up, gas is down, eggs are way up: Inflation cools nationally but prices rise in New England
Jon Chesto
Jon Chesto can be reached at
jon.chesto@globe.com
. Follow him
@jonchesto
.
Hydro-Quebec cut off electricity exports on main power line into New England. What happened?
Hiawatha Bray
Hiawatha Bray can be reached at
hiawatha.bray@globe.com
. Follow him
@GlobeTechLab
.
The new iPhone is AI-ready. So where’s the AI?
Sean P. Murphy
Got a problem? Send your consumer issue to
sean.murphy@globe.com
. Follow him
@spmurphyboston
.
Should you sell all your stock? Buy a car now? Don’t panic: Here’s how to handle the economic turbulence.
Scott Kirsner
Scott Kirsner can be reached at
kirsner@pobox.com
. Follow him
@ScottKirsner
.
He started covering Boston’s innovation scene just before the dot-com bust. 25 years later, he’s more worried than ever.
Get The Globe's Most Popular
A daily newsletter listing the Globe's 10 most popular stories at that moment.
Enter Email
Sign Up
magazine
PERSPECTIVE
The sea slug’s improbable lesson for life in the Trump era
Miss Conduct Classics
Advice needed: My friend offered to treat me with alternative medicine. Um, no?
Your Week Ahead
Five things to do around Boston, March 10-16
Arts issue
Gen-Zers are turning to DVDs instead of streaming their favorite movies
metro
A guide to St. Patrick’s Day parades around New England
Man pleads guilty to manslaughter in the 1980 killing of woman in Boston hotel
R.I. legislators debate Trump’s impact on business, the budget, and the Washington Bridge
sports
Men’s Hockey East tournament scores and schedule: See results from opening round
MIAA tournament info: See the hockey and basketball championship schedules, and how to get tickets
Gianah Estevez, Worcester South girls’ basketball had a few reasons to celebrate Division 2 semifinal win
business
Steel and aluminum are fundamental to Americans' lives. Trump’s tariffs could upend industries and consumers.
US arms flow to Ukraine again as the Kremlin mulls a ceasefire proposal
GE Vernova CEO sees order backlog stretching into 2028
politics
Follow live updates on the Trump administration
FEMA launches review of migrant shelter aid, suggesting smuggling laws were violated
A government program made tax filing free and more efficient. Musk and DOGE may get rid of it anyway.
Nation
Yale suspends scholar after AI-powered news site accuses her of terrorist link
Trump’s setbacks raise a question: Should one judge set national policy?
At Columbia, tension over Gaza protests hits breaking point under Trump
World
Rubio could face an unfriendly reception from close G7 allies over Trump’s policies
Captain of ship that hit North Sea tanker is Russian, company says
In Trump’s shadow, Greenland votes for a new government
opinion
Duck and cover: The Trump economy takes ghastly shape
There’s bitter irony in Trump’s targeting of Columbia protester
Note to Democrats: Decorum will not defeat fascism
lifestyle
Musk rage has some Tesla owners turning against their cars — and even each other
Michelle Obama and her brother to launch a podcast with weekly guests
After four years and two near-misses, a gym crush works out
food & dining
Two new Irish pubs to visit for St. Patrick’s Day
Chef Tony Susi will open Little Sage, a reincarnation of a popular Boston Italian restaurant
Fresh ideas for Lenten meals
travel
Virgin Atlantic cancels flight but won’t refund Chase points
Obituary: Free checked luggage on domestic flights, 1925 - 2025
Southwest ditches ‘bags fly free’ policy in end of era for airline
Arts
Gardner Museum marks 35th anniversary of infamous heist with restored — and empty — frames
Juan Hamilton, sculptor and Georgia O’Keeffe protégé, dies at 79
The expertly curated, guaranteed-to-please, Globe spring arts calendar
Books
In ‘Firstborn,’ a much-wanted baby that wasn’t to be
Censorship harms those we should be trying to protect
A kiss, then a disaster — welcome to the world of Marcy Dermansky
Movies
Sufferin’ succotash, it’s a Looney Tunes movie to love!
The real star of the haunted-house movie ‘The Parenting’ is a 29-room mansion at Doyle Community Park in Leominster
‘Novocaine’ is a numbing experience
Television
‘The Apprentice’ heads to Prime Video in a very different era for its star
‘Long Bright River’ is best when it offers a humane look at the opioid crisis
In ‘Ludwig,’ murderers are no match for a professional puzzler
music
Where to see Celtic music around Boston for St. Patrick’s Day
A master of the kora comes to Somerville
Mexican rock band Maná announces a tour date at TD Garden
Theater/Dance
What happened to Hamlet before ‘Hamlet’?
Athol Fugard was a model for politically engaged playwrights
In ‘Parade,’ an old story finds new resonance
Health
‘Unlawful and dangerous suppression’: Harvard researchers sue Trump administration for erasing their work
Health care spending in Massachusetts soared in 2023. Here’s what’s to blame.
Vermont health officials report first confirmed case of measles this year
Obituaries
Thomas Moser, furniture designer guided by Shaker simplicity, dies at 90
Former NFL offensive lineman turned broadcaster Craig Wolfley dies at 66
Juan Hamilton, sculptor and Georgia O’Keeffe protégé, dies at 79