Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 3, 2021
Horse Races Now exists to help build connections between people and make the world more open and inclusive. In
        short—to build a world where anyone can belong anywhere. We are a community built on trust. A fundamental
        part of earning that trust means being clear about how we use your information and protect your human right to
        privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes how Horse Races Now, Inc. and its affiliates (“
we
,”
        “
us
,” or “
Horse Races Now
”), process personal
        information that we collect through the Horse Races Now Platform. Depending on where you live and what you are
        doing on the Horse Races Now Platform, the supplemental privacy pages listed below may apply to you. Please
        follow the links and review the supplemental information provided there with information about how we process
        personal information for those regions and services.
IMPORTANT SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
1. DEFINITIONS
Undefined terms in this Privacy Policy have the same definition as in our Terms of
      Service (“
Terms
”).
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2.1 Information needed to use the Horse Races Now Platform
.
We collect personal information about you when you use the Horse Races Now Platform. Without it, we may not be
      able to provide you with all services requested. This information includes:
Contact Information, Account, Profile Information
. Such as your first name, last name, phone
        number, postal address, email address, date of birth, and profile photo, some of which will depend on the
        features you use.
2.2 Information you choose to give us
.
You can choose to provide us with additional personal information. This information may include:
Additional Profile Information
. Such as gender, preferred language(s), city, and personal
        description. Some of this information as indicated in your account settings is part of your public profile page
        and will be publicly visible.
Address Book Contact Information
. Address book contacts you import or enter manually.
Other Information
. Such as when you fill in a form, add information to your account, respond
        to surveys, post to community forums, participate in promotions, communicate with our customer care team and
        other Members, or share your experience with us. This may include health information if you choose to share it
        with us.
2.3 Information Automatically Collected by Using the Horse Races Now Platform
.
When you use the Horse Races Now Platform and Payment Services, we automatically collect personal information.
      This information may include:
Geo-location Information
. Such as precise or approximate location determined from your IP
        address or mobile device’s GPS depending on your device settings. We may also collect this information
        when you’re not using the app if you enable this through your settings or device permissions.
Usage Information
. Such as the pages or content you view, searches for Listings, bookings you
        have made, and other actions on the Horse Races Now Platform.
Log Data and Device Information
. Such as details about how you’ve used the Horse Races
        Now Platform (including if you clicked on links to third party applications), IP address, access dates and
        times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers,
        crash data, cookie data, and the pages you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Horse Races
        Now Platform. We may collect this information even if you haven’t created an Horse Races Now account or
        logged in.
Cookies and Similar Technologies as described in our Cookie Policy
.
Payment Transaction Information
. Such as payment instrument used, date and time, payment
        amount, payment instrument expiration date and billing postcode, PayPal email address, IBAN information, your
        address and other related transaction details.
2.4 Personal Information We Collect from Third Parties
.
We collect personal information from other sources, such as:.
Third-Party Services
. If you link, connect, or login to the Horse Races Now Platform with a
        third party service (e.g. Google, Facebook, WeChat), you direct the service to send us information such as your
        registration, friends list, and profile information as controlled by that service or as authorized by you via
        your privacy settings at that service.
Background Information
. For Members in the United States, to the extent permitted by
        applicable laws, we may obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender
        registrations. For Members outside of the United States, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and with
        your consent where required, we may obtain the local version of police, background or registered sex offender
        checks. We may use your information, including your full name and date of birth, to obtain such reports.
Enterprise Product Invitations and Account Management
. Organizations that use our Enterprise
        products may submit personal information to facilitate account management and invitations to use enterprise
        products.
Referrals and co-travelers
. If you are invited to the Horse Races Now Platform such as a
        co-traveler on a trip, the person who invited you can submit personal information about you such as your email
        address or other contact information.
Other Sources
. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional
        information about you, such as references, demographic data or information to help detect fraud and safety
        issues from third party service providers and/or partners, and combine it with information we have about you.
        For example, we may receive background check results or fraud warnings from identity verification service
        providers for use in our fraud prevention and risk assessment efforts. We may receive information about you and
        your activities on and off the Horse Races Now Platform, or about your experiences and interactions from our
        partners. We may receive health information, including but not limited to health information related to
        contagious diseases.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
If you reside outside of the United States click contact us to learn about our legal bases for
            collection and processing personal information.
3.1 Provide, Improve, and Develop the Horse Races Now Platform
. We use personal information to:
enable you to access the Horse Races Now Platform and make and receive payments,
enable you to communicate with other Members,
perform analytics, debug and conduct research,
provide customer service,
send you messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications,
personalize and customize your experience based on your interactions with the Horse Races Now Platform, your
        search history, your profile information and preferences, and other content you submit, and
3.2 Create and Maintain a Trusted and Safer Environment
. We use personal information to:
detect and prevent fraud, spam, abuse, security and safety incidents, and other harmful activity,
study and combat discrimination consistent with our Nondiscrimination Policy,
conduct security investigations and risk assessments,
verify or authenticate information provided by you,
conduct checks against databases and other information sources, including background or police checks,
comply with our legal obligations, protect the health and well-being of our Guests, Hosts, Hosts’
        employees and members of the public,
resolve disputes with our Members,
enforce our agreements with third parties,
comply with law, respond to legal requests, prevent harm and protect our rights (see section 4.5)
enforce our Terms and other policies (e.g. Nondiscrimination Policy), and
in connection with the activities above, we may conduct profiling based on your interactions with the Horse
        Races Now Platform, your profile information and other content you submit to Horse Races Now, and information
        obtained from third parties. In limited cases, automated processes could restrict or suspend access to the Horse
        Races Now Platform if such processes detect activity that we think poses a safety or other risk to Horse Races
        Now, our community, or third parties. If you would like to challenge the decisioning based on the automated
        process, please contact us via the Contact Information section below.
3.3 Provide, Personalize, Measure, and Improve our Advertising and Marketing
. We may use
      personal information to:
send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information based on your preferences and
        social media advertising through social media platforms,
personalize, measure, and improve our advertising,
administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or
        events sponsored or managed by Horse Races Now or its third-party partners,
analyze characteristics and preferences to send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising and other
        information that we think might be of interest to you, and
invite you to events and relevant opportunities.
3.4 Provide Payment services
. Personal information is used to enable or authorize third parties
      to use Payment Services:
Detect and prevent money laundering, fraud, abuse, security incidents.
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments.
Comply with legal obligations (such as anti-money laundering regulations).
Enforce the Payment Terms and other payment policies.
With your consent, send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of
        interest to you based on your preferences.
Provide and improve the Payment Services.
4. SHARING & DISCLOSURE
If you reside outside of the United States, learn about safeguards we rely on
        for transferring personal information to recipients outside of the EEA.
4.1 Sharing With Your Consent or at Your Direction
.
Where you provide consent, we share your information as described at the time of consent, such as when
      authorizing a third-party application or website to access your Horse Races Now account or participating in
      promotional activities by Horse Races Now partners or third parties.
Where permissible with applicable law, we may use certain information about you, such as your email address,
      de-identify it, and share it with social media platforms, to generate leads, drive traffic to Horse Races Now or
      otherwise promote our products and services.
4.2 Complying with Law, Responding to Legal Requests, Preventing Harm and Protecting our Rights
.
We may disclose your information to courts, law enforcement, governmental or public authorities, tax authorities,
      or authorized third parties, if and to the extent we are required or permitted to do so by law or where disclosure
      is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with our legal obligations, (ii) to comply with a valid legal request or to
      respond to claims asserted against Horse Races Now, (iii) to respond to a valid legal request relating to a
      criminal investigation to address alleged or suspected illegal activity, or to respond to or address any other
      activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal or regulatory liability (more information on
      Horse Races Now’s Law Enforcement Guidelines here), (iv) to enforce and administer
      our agreements with Members, or (v) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Horse Races
      Now, its employees, its Members, or members of the public. For example, if permitted due to the foregoing
      circumstances, Host tax information may be shared with tax authorities or other governmental agencies.
Where appropriate, we may notify Members about legal requests unless: (i) providing notice is prohibited by the
      legal process itself, by court order we receive, or by applicable law, or (ii) we believe that providing notice
      would be futile, ineffective, create a risk of injury or bodily harm to an individual or group, or create or
      increase a risk of fraud upon or harm to Horse Races Now, our Members, or expose Horse Races Now to a claim of
      obstruction of justice.
For jurisdictions where Horse Races Now facilitates the collection and remittance of Taxes where legally
      permissible according to applicable law, we may disclose Hosts’ and Guests’ information about
      transactions, bookings, Accommodations and occupancy Taxes to the applicable tax authority, such as Host and Guest
      names, Listing addresses, transaction dates and amounts, tax identification number(s), the amount of taxes
      received (or due) by Hosts from Guests, and contact information.
In jurisdictions where Horse Races Now facilitates or requires a registration, notification, permit, or license
      application of a Host with a local governmental authority through Horse Races Now in accordance with local law, we
      may share information of participating Hosts with the relevant authority, both during the application process and,
      periodically thereafter, such as the Host’s full name and contact details, Accommodation address, tax
      identification number, Listing details, and number of nights booked.
4.3 Service Providers
.
We share personal information with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers to help us run our business,
      including service providers that help us: (i) verify your identity or authenticate your identification documents,
      (ii) check information against public databases, (iii) conduct background or police checks, fraud prevention, and
      risk assessment, (iv) perform product development, maintenance and debugging, (v) allow the provision of the Horse
      Races Now Services through third-party platforms and software tools (e.g. through the integration with our APIs),
      (vi) provide customer service, advertising, or payments services, (vii) process, handle or assess insurance claims
      or similar claims, or (viii) facilitate non-profit and charitable activities consistent with Horse Races
      Now’s mission. These providers are contractually bound to protect your personal information and have access
      to your personal information to perform these tasks.
4.4 Business Transfers
.
If Horse Races Now undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets,
      bankruptcy, or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer or share some or all of our assets, including your
      information in connection with such transaction or in contemplation of such transaction (e.g., due diligence). In
      this event, we will notify you before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different
      privacy policy.
4.5 Corporate Affiliates
.
To support us in providing, integrating, promoting and improving the Horse Races Now Platform, Payment Services,
      and our affiliates’ services, we may share personal information within our corporate family of companies
      that are related by common ownership or control. Some examples are:
Sharing with Horse Races Now, Inc
. Even if your country of residence is not the United
        States, your information will be shared with Horse Races Now, Inc. which provides the technical infrastructure
        for the Horse Races Now Platform.
Sharing with Horse Races Now Payments
. In order to facilitate payments on or through the
        Horse Races Now Platform, certain information as described in the “Outside of the United States”
        section, will be shared with the relevant Horse Races Now Payments entity.
Sharing with Horse Races Now GSL
. Even if your country of residence is not Japan, your
        information may be shared with Horse Races Now GSL which provides customer support and other business operation
        services to other Horse Races Now entities.
Sharing with Horse Races Now China
. Even if your country of residence is not China, some of
        your information will be shared with Horse Races Now China in the following circumstances:
Public data
. Information you share publicly on the Horse Races Now Platform.
The data sharing described above is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us to enable
      you to list or book Host Services in China and connect with Members in China, and vice versa. Where required under
      law or if you have expressly granted permission, Horse Races Now China will disclose your information to Chinese
      government agencies without further notice to you. We’ll notify you in advance in specific situations where
      we apply any practices that differ from what is described in this Privacy Policy (including practices pertaining
      to disclosures to government agencies).
5. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
5.1 Analyzing your Communications
.
We may review, scan, or analyze your communications on the Horse Races Now Platform for reasons outlined in the
      “How We Use Information We Collect” section of this policy, including fraud prevention, risk
      assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research, analytics, enforcing
      our Terms of Service, and customer support purposes. For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we
      scan and analyze messages to mask contact information and references to other sites. In some cases, we may also
      scan, review, or analyze messages to debug, improve, and expand product offerings. We use automated methods where
      reasonably possible. Occasionally we may need to manually review communications, such as for fraud investigations
      and customer support, or to assess and improve the functionality of these automated tools. We will not review,
      scan, or analyze your messaging communications to send third-party marketing messages to you and we will not sell
      reviews or analyses of these communications.
5.2 Linking Third-Party Accounts
.
You can link your Horse Races Now account with certain third-party services like social networks. Your contacts
      on these third-party services are referred to as “Friends.” When you direct the data sharing by
      creating this link:
some of the information provided to us from linking accounts may be published on your public profile,
your activities on the Horse Races Now Platform may be displayed to your Friends on the Horse Races Now
        Platform and/or that third-party service,
a link to your public profile on that third-party service may be included in your Horse Races Now public
        profile,
other Horse Races Now users may be able to see any Friends that you may have in common with them, or that you
        are a Friend of their Friend if applicable,
other Horse Races Now users may be able to see any schools, hometowns or other groups you have in common with
        them as listed on your linked social networking service,
information you provide to us from the linking of your accounts may be stored, processed and transmitted for
        fraud prevention and risk assessment purposes, and
publication and display of information that you provide to the Horse Races Now Platform through this linkage
        is subject to your settings and authorizations on the Horse Races Now Platform and the third-party service.
5.3 Third-Party Partners & Integrations
.
Parts of Horse Races Now may link to third-party services, not owned or controlled by Horse Races Now, such as
      Google Maps/Earth. Use of these services is subject to the privacy policies of those providers, such as
Google Maps/Earth Additional Terms of
        Use
,
Google Privacy Policy
(see
here
for more information on how Google
      uses information), and
Citi
        Privacy Policy
. Horse Races Now does not own or control these third parties and when you interact with them
      you are providing your information to them.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
You can exercise any of the rights described in this section consistent with applicable law. Contact us
for
      information on data subject rights requests and how to submit a request. Please note that we may ask you to verify
      your identity and request before taking further action on your request.
6.1 Managing Your Information
.
You can access and update some of your personal information through your Account settings. If you connected
        your Horse Races Now Account to a third-party service, like Facebook or Google, you can change your settings and
        unlink from that service in your Account settings. You are responsible for keeping your personal information up
        to date.
6.2 Data Access and Portability
.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request certain copies of your personal information or
        information about how we handle your personal information, request copies of personal information that you have
        provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and/or request that we transmit this
        information to another service provider (where technically feasible).
6.3 Data Erasure
.
You can request that your personal information be deleted by contacting info@horseracesnow.com. All inquires will be responded to within 72 hours. You will receive confirmation of the deletion of your personal information via email.
7. SECURITY
While no organization can guarantee perfect security, we are continuously implementing and updating
        administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized
        access, loss, destruction, or alteration.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with applicable law. If we do so,
        we will post the revised Privacy Policy and update the “Last Updated” date at the top. In case of
        material changes, we will also provide you with notice of the modification by email at least thirty (30) days
        before the effective date. If you disagree with the revised Privacy Policy, you can cancel your Account. If you
        do not cancel your Account before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes effective, your continued access
        to or use of the Horse Races Now Platform will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
9. CONTACT INFORMATION AND RESPONSIBLE Horse Races Now ENTITIES
For questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Horse Races Now’s the handling of personal
        information. If you reside in the United States contact Horse Races Now, LLC., Legal Privacy, 2651 Russell Cave
        Road
Lexington, KY 40511.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/privacy.html:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.citibank.com/tts/sa/tts-privacy-statements/index.html:
TTS Privacy Statements – Cash and Trade
Privacy Statements - Cash and Trade
Privacy Statements – Commercial Cards
Asia Pacific
Australia
Citi Privacy Statement - Australia
Bangladesh
Citi Privacy Statement - Bangladesh
China
Citi Privacy Policy - China
China CitiDirect Privacy Notice
Hong Kong
Citi Privacy Statement – Hong Kong
India
Citi Privacy Statement - India
Indonesia
Citi Privacy Policy - Indonesia
Malaysia
Citi Personal Data Privacy Notice - English
Citi Personal Data Privacy Notice - Malay
New Zealand
Citi Privacy Statement - New Zealand
Philippines
Citi Privacy Policy - Philippines
Singapore
Citi Privacy Policy - Singapore
South Korea
Citibank Korea's Privacy Policy (Korean)
Citibank Korea's Privacy Policy (English)
Disclose on the Credit Information Utilization Status (Korean)
Sri Lanka
Citi Privacy Statement - Sri Lanka
Taiwan
Notification Letter of Collection, Processing and Use of Personal Information by Citibank Taiwan Limited
Local Contact Number: +886 2 2576-6966
Thailand
Citi Privacy Statement – Thailand
Vietnam
Citi Privacy Statement - Vietnam
Europe
Russia
Citi Privacy Statement - Russia
EEA, Switzerland, United Kingdom and Jersey
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - English
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Bulgarian
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement- Czech
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Deutsch
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Francais
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Italiano
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Magyar
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Romanian
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Slovak
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. - Polish
TTS EEA, Switzerland & UK Privacy Statement - Bank Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. - English
Japan
Japan
Citi Privacy Policy - Japan
Japan
Citi Privacy Statement - Japan - Japanese
(Note: Please refer to the link for Citibank, N.A., Tokyo branch)
Latin America
Argentina
Citi Privacy Statement - Argentina
Brazil
Citi Privacy Statement - Brazil
Colombia
Citi Privacy Statement - Colombia
Dominican Republic
Citi Privacy Statement - Dominican Republic
Mexico
Citi Privacy Statement - Mexico
Venezuela
Citi Privacy Statement - Venezuela
Bahamas
Citi Privacy Statement
Costa Rica
Citi Privacy Statement
Ecuador
Citi Privacy Statement
El Salvador
Citi Privacy Statement
Guatemala
Citi Privacy Statement
Haiti
Citi Privacy Statement
Honduras
Citi Privacy Statement
Jamaica
Citi Privacy Statement
Panama
Citi Privacy Statement
Paraguay
Citi Privacy Statement
Peru
Citi Privacy Statement
Puerto Rico
Citi Privacy Statement
Trinidad & Tobago
Citi Privacy Statement
Uruguay
Citi Privacy Statement
Middle East & North Africa
Bahrain
Citi Privacy Statement - Bahrain
Israel
Citi Privacy Statement - Israel
Turkey
Information on the Protection of Personal Data
UAE
Citi Privacy Statement – ADGM
Citi Privacy Statement – UAE & DIFC
North America
Canada
Citi Privacy Statement - Canada
United States
Citi Institutional Clients Group (Citi ICG) Privacy Notice
California Supplemental Provision and Notice at Collection
California Privacy Hub
Sub-Sahara Africa
Kenya
Citi Privacy Statement - Kenya
Nigeria
Citi Data Protection Statement - Nigeria
South Africa
Citi Privacy Statement - South Africa
Uganda
Citi Data Protection Statement - Uganda