Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 26 September 2024.
Airtasker manages the information that we collect from you in accordance with applicable privacy legislation. In this Privacy Policy, "Airtasker", "we", "our" and/or "us" means:
(i) where you reside in any country in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, Airtasker UK Limited; and
(ii) where you reside anywhere outside the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom: Airtasker Limited, an Australian company.
Company details for each of the Airtasker companies is set out in the Contact Us section below.
This Privacy Policy describes how Airtasker collects, uses, shares and handles your personal data, and sets out the rights and obligations that both you and Airtasker have in relation to your personal data. Country specific terms in Appendix A shall also apply to this Privacy Policy.
By accessing
www.airtasker.com
or our mobile application (together, the "Services") you accept and agree to the
Terms and Conditions
of Airtasker's user agreement ("User Agreement"), and acknowledge that your personal data may be collected, used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Except for any terms that are defined in this Privacy Policy then all other defined terms shall have the same meaning as that defined in the User Agreement. Note that under Airtasker's Terms and Conditions, you must not use the Services if you are under 18 years old.
Airtasker may, from time to time, modify this Privacy Policy (and update the web page on which it is displayed). If we materially change the ways in which Airtasker uses or shares your personal data previously collected from you through the Services, Airtasker will notify you through your Airtasker account, your registered email address or other communication. You should check that account regularly.
1. Collection of Your Personal Data
Information we collect directly from you
Airtasker collects personal data when you pre-register with Airtasker. This includes your full name, email address and location. In circumstances where the below information is not provided to us, we may be unable to provide the Services to you and carry out our contractual obligations with you.
Airtasker collects personal data when you register with Airtasker. This includes:
your name, address, email address, phone number and other contact details;
your birth date and gender;
your credit card and account details, which are processed by a third-party service provider that handles payments for us;
your location and the location where you are interested in performing tasks; and
your occupation, work experience, resume, qualifications, education, post tasks, earn money preferences, skillset, interests and other information relevant for your fitness for tasks.
If you register in certain countries, we also give you the option of providing a photo or video to be associated with your Airtasker user ID. If your personal details change, it is your responsibility to update your Airtasker account with those changes, so that we can keep our records complete, accurate and up to date.
To enable us to improve our existing services, to create new service features, and to serve you and others with targeted marketing communications, Airtasker collects information about the way you use the Services, including the transactions you enter into on the Services, your feedback rating (including any references requested using our 'Reference' feature), the bids you make, the comments you post, and the transactions you enter into with our valued affiliate service providers.
You may apply through our job application submission form provided by a third-party service provider. If you do so, we collect the information you make available to us through your application submission, such as your resume, links to other online profiles, and other information you choose to provide.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
Airtasker may also receive and record the following information from your internet browser and computer, including through cookies and similar technologies, when you use the Services:
computer and connection information such as statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Services, referral URL, IP address, unique device ID, browsing history and web log information; and
information about your use of the Services, including the date and time you visit the Services, the areas or pages that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Services, the number of times you return to the Services, other clickstream or website usage information, and emails that you open, forward or click-through to the Services.
If you use a location-enabled Airtasker service, if you allow us, we receive and process information about your precise location (for example, through GPS signals sent by your mobile device). We may also collect the precise location of your device when the app is running in the foreground or background or when the app is closed. We may also use a range of different technologies to confirm your location. When you use the Services, we also infer the general location of your device and the geographic regions our users come from. For example, your IP address may indicate your general geographic region.
For more information on how we use cookies and other similar tracking technologies, please see the section on Cookies and Similar Technologies below.
Information we obtain from other sources
In addition to data collected from your submissions, we also receive data from certain third parties, such as social media sites that you connect to your account (including Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and any other site you which you enable from time to time) as well as from identity verification service providers and other Airtasker group companies.
We work with third party verification providers to perform police history checks or background checks on taskers, and receive publicly available information such as court decisions.
We may also receive additional information about you from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you.
What other information users can see about you
You are not anonymous to us when you log into the Services or post any content (including tasks, items to be supplied, bids, comments or feedback) on the Services or any associated forum.
When you:
use the Services to post a task or item to be supplied, or make a bid, or comment on a bid, or provide feedback on other users; or
otherwise communicate in a public forum on the Services,
your user ID and all the material that you post is visible and searchable to us, other Airtasker users and is also publicly available to other internet users. We strongly encourage you to use caution and discretion when posting and carefully consider whether and what to post or how you identify yourself on the Services.
Airtasker does not in any way control, and does not accept any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, the disclosure or use of personal data which is voluntarily posted by you in a publicly accessible area of the Services.
2. How We Use Your Personal Data
Airtasker may use the information we collect for the following purposes:
Identification and authentication
Legal ground(s) for use: We need to perform this function in order to allow you to access the Services.
To protect Airtasker and the users of the Services
Legal ground(s) for use: It is in our (and users) legitimate interests to ensure that the Services are secure.
To customise the content and any advertising displayed on the Services and permit content on the Services (such as postings, marketing or third party advertisements) to be targeted, on an aggregate basis, to the users for whom it is most likely to be relevant
Legal ground(s) for use: It is in our legitimate interest to provide you with content and advertisements that are tailored to your interests.
To improve the Services and develop new service features
Legal ground(s) for use: We need some of your personal data in order to provide the services to you; it is in our legitimate interests to provide you the best possible services.
To provide, maintain and protect the Services and to verify the identity of authorised users of the Services
Legal ground(s) for use: We need to perform this function in order to provide a safe and secure environment for our users and we have legitimate interests in protecting the integrity of the Services we offer.
Providing your information to a user with whom you have or had a contract facilitated by Airtasker
Legal ground(s) for use: We need to use your personal data in this way to provide the Services you request.
As required by law, order of a court, tribunal or regulator or if Airtasker reasonably believes that the use or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary for enforcement related activities
Legal ground(s) for use: On such occasions, we are required by law to process your personal data.
To ensure that Airtasker receives payment of the fees due to it
Legal ground(s) for use: We need to use your personal data in this way to fulfil a contract between you and us.
To contact you to inform you about promotions or upcoming changes or improvements to the Services
Legal ground(s) for use: We only contact you for marketing purposes with your consent; we may contact you regarding changes in the Services because it is in our legitimate interests to keep you informed about service changes that may affect you. See section below for further detail about marketing.
To contact you to administer our User Agreement
Legal ground(s) for use: For example, we may notify you of a breach, or action a request for a take down notice in response to a claim of copyright infringement.
To conduct research
Legal ground(s) for use: It is in our legitimate interests to improve the Services through user questionnaires and feedback requests via the Services.
To expand our user base, including marketing communications to be targeted to potential users
Legal ground(s) for use: It is in our legitimate interest to inform potential users about the Services we offer.
To develop our relationships with affiliate service providers and provide or arrange internal or external verification services obtained by you via the Services
Legal ground(s) for use: It is in our legitimate interests to engage service providers and verification services.
To generate data reports on an aggregated, non-personally identifiable basis, for both internal and third party use, but subject to any applicable laws (for example, we may show advertisers or investors trends relating to the general use of the Services); and
Legal ground(s) for use: It is in our legitimate interests (and the interests of our partners and affiliates) to understand how you and other users engage with the Services.
Your contact information may also be used for accounting, invoicing and billing purposes, marketing purposes, by third party service providers to Airtasker, and to respond to any enquiry you make
Legal ground(s) for use: It is in our legitimate interests to engage service providers to assist us in delivering the Services you request.
When you contact Airtasker, we may keep a record of the communication(s) between you and Airtasker to help resolve any issues you might have
Legal ground(s) for use: We retain information when we are required to do so by law and because it is in our legitimate interests to protect our legal rights.
If other user(s) of the Services already have your userID (or other information identifying you), and you have chosen to upload a photo or other personal data to your Airtasker account, we may show those user(s) that personal data
Legal ground(s) for use: We display your photo to other users who have your userID only with your consent, which you supply by uploading your photo.
The Services allow you to review your experience dealing with others on the Services, who may in turn leave reviews about you. We compile these reviews to provide an aggregate rating for each user, which will publicly appear along with your profile. Please be aware that other users may rely on this rating when deciding whether to engage with you.
Profiling and data analytics
We (or our service providers on our behalf) may collate information about you and your preferences, to identify market segments and use that information for data analytics and direct marketing.
We (or our service providers on our behalf) may use your name, street address, email address, phone number, and data collected from cookies and similar technologies about how you use the Services (including tasks created and certain actions taken on the site) to conduct data analytics, including the creation of look-alike audiences. We use the results of data analytics for marketing, product and service development, and policy development.
We do not use sensitive information for data analytics.
3. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Airtasker uses cookies and similar tracking technologies for a number of purposes including to access your information when you sign in, keep track of your preferences, direct specific content to you, report on Airtasker's user base, and to improve Airtasker's services. We also use cookies or anonymous identifiers when you interact with our affiliate service providers (for example, when you integrate your Airtasker account with your Facebook profile) and as further described below.
We use the following types of cookies and similar technologies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of the Services. This includes technologies that allow you access to our website, services, mobile app or that are required to identify irregular site behaviour, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security, or that allow you to make use of our functions such as saved search or similar functions.
If you change the settings on your internet browser to block or restrict cookies (including cookies associated with the Services), or to indicate when a cookie is being set by Airtasker, the Services may not work as intended. You should remember that, while you may still be able to use the Services if your cookies are disabled, the Services may not function properly on your device and you may not be able to take advantage of certain Airtasker features.
Functionality Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using the Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our website, keeping you signed in as you browse or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our website and mobile app.
Performance Analytics Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to assess the performance of the Services. We use this information to analyse and help us understand how you and other visitors use the Services so we can improve the content or layout of the Services. We also use this information to track the number of our visitors and analyse the popularity of the features we offer.
Advertising Cookies
We may use first-party or third-party cookies and similar technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
You may reject first-party advertising cookies and similar technologies through your browser settings (as described below). To learn more about the use of cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to control or opt out of the collection and use of the data by these third party tools, visit
here
.
Browser and System Controls
You may set your browser or operating system to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but you may not be able to use certain features on the Services which require such cookies. Each browser and operating system is a little different, so please check your browser or operating system's settings or help section to learn more about how to delete or disable cookies and tracking.
If you wish to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available
here
, and you can manage your Google accounts
here
.
4. How We Share Your Personal Data
Airtasker may disclose the information we collect from you as follows:
Airtasker Affiliates. We may share your personal data with our affiliated companies.
Service Providers. We share your personal data with third party service providers that provide business, verification, professional or technical support functions for us, help us operate our business and the Services, or administer activities on our behalf.
Analytics Partners. We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Advertising Partners. We work with third party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative
(https://optout.networkadvertising.org)
or the Digital Advertising Alliance
(https://optout.aboutads.info)
. If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies. You can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps.
Other Third Parties. We may share your personal data with other third parties who participate in Airtasker marketing initiatives, as authorised by you or on an aggregate basis, and with consultants, advisors and analytics providers as necessary to measure and improve the Services we provide to you. We do not rent, sell, or share information about you with non-affiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
Sharing Between Users. We may share information, such as ratings and reviews about you, with other users who are looking for taskers on the Services. We may share this information with a user in situations where a user is independently wanting to undertake legal proceedings or action against you and has requested information about you from us. We may also share your personal data with other users where we are required or authorised by or under applicable law or a court/tribunal order or where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Legal Matters & Safety. We may share your personal data with third parties to respond to judicial process or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted or required by law. We may also share your personal data with third parties if we believe there has been a violation of our
Terms and Conditions
, our rights, or the rights of any third party, or we are otherwise permitted or required to do so by law.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets. In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, your personal data may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with the transaction.
With Your Permission. We may share your personal data with any other third party with your consent or as necessary to deliver a service you requested.
5. Security
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. We take reasonable steps to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure, however we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information, or that our systems will be completely free from third party interception or are incorruptible from viruses. We cannot and do not guarantee that information you send from your computer to us over the Internet will be protected by any form of encryption (encoding software). In light of this, we cannot and do not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of your personal data, including payment and account details. You transmit your personal data to us at your own risk. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the security of your passwords and/or account information.
6. Third Parties
The Services may contain links to third party websites including the networks of our valued affiliate service providers, advertisers, and PayPal, or make available services obtained from third parties, including verification services by third party verification providers. If you follow a link to any of these websites, for instance PayPal payment system, or use any services obtained from third party service providers via the Services that requires you to provide personal data directly to such third parties (for instance third party verification providers), note that they have their own privacy policies. If you use the Services to link to another site, or use a service obtained from a third party service provider via the Services, you will be subject to that site's or third party's terms and conditions of use, privacy policy and security statement. We strongly encourage you to view these before disclosing any of your personal data on such sites. Airtasker does not control, and does not accept any responsibility or liability for, the privacy policy of, and use of personal data by, any party other than Airtasker, including any user of the Services, the operators of any website to which the Services link, or third party service providers to whom you directly provide your personal data (including sensitive information if relevant) to.
7. International Transfers
When you use the Services, some of your personal data may be transferred to other Airtasker group companies (such as our headquarters in Australia) outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom in countries that do not have equivalent data protection laws to the EEA or the United Kingdom. We may also engage service providers for the purposes detailed above that are located outside the EEA or the United Kingdom. We take steps to ensure your personal data is safe and secure when transferring it outside of your country of residence. For more information, please contact us using the relevant details provided below. In particular if the recipient is in a country that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or under UK regulation, we may enter into the 'standard contractual clauses' with the recipient. For this reason, Airtasker UK Limited has entered into 'standard contractual clauses' with Airtasker Limited. These are contractual clauses that contain standard commitments approved by the EU Commission and UK Government protecting the privacy and security of the information transferred.
8. Marketing
When you register on the Services you may be given the opportunity to elect ("opt-in") or decline (“opt-out”) to receive updates on our latest services, news and special offers, and those of our valued affiliate service providers ("Marketing Material"), via your Airtasker account, personal e-mail address, post or telephone. If you conclude a transaction on the Services, you may also be given the opportunity to opt- in to receive Marketing Material from Airtasker and our valued affiliate service providers.
Once you opt-in to receive Marketing Material, you may, at any time, opt-out of receiving Marketing Material. To opt-out go to the 'Manage Account' link on the Services, choose 'Settings', then 'Notification Settings' and update your preferences. You can also click on the "unsubscribe" link in any email containing Marketing Material that we send you, or you can request an opt-out by emailing Airtasker using the contact information provided on the Services. If you no longer consent to receiving Marketing Material then you must opt-out in one of these ways.
Airtasker may contact you as the result of a referral by another user of the Services who has provided us with contact information, such as your name and email address. The use of contact information received in connection with a referral will be governed by this Privacy Policy. You may, at any time, opt-out of Airtasker's referral system by emailing Airtasker using the contact information provided on the Services.
Airtasker reserves the right to send you administrative and account-related messages even if you opt out of receiving Marketing Material.
9. Your Rights and Choices
Rights in Certain Countries. In the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and certain other countries, users may have the right to access, edit, update, restrict processing and/or delete the personal data that we hold about you.
To receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you, in a portable format, please complete the data access request form located
here
.
If you would like us to delete the personal data that we hold about you (which includes permanently deleting your account), please follow the steps set out
here
.
Where we process your personal data with your consent, you may withdraw it at any time. You may also have a right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. These rights may be limited in some circumstances, for example, if:
we are legally permitted or required to deny you access to, and/ or to retain, the information because we are subject to a legal requirement or have a compelling legitimate interest; or
you make a request that is unreasonably repetitive, requires Airtasker to make a disproportionate effort, risks the privacy of others, or there are other valid reasons why we cannot comply.
We need to prevent information in our systems from being accidentally or maliciously destroyed. This means that, where you delete information from the Services, residual copies of that information on our active servers, as well as any corresponding information on our back-up systems, may not be immediately deleted.
If you have concerns about how we handle your personal data or require further information, please email Airtasker using the contact form provided on the Services or using the contact details provided below. If you have unresolved complaints, you have the right to complain to a regulator / local data protection authority in your jurisdiction. Please see the country specific terms in Annexure A to this Privacy Policy for additional relevant details.
Location Information. You can prevent your device from sharing precise location information at any time through your device’s operating system settings.
Do Not Track. There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
10. Retention
We retain your personal data for as long as is necessary with regard to the purposes for which it was collected or lawfully further processed, or for as long as may be necessary in light of our legal obligations or in order to allow us to pursue, defend or exercise legal claims.
When deciding what the correct time is to retain your personal data, we take account of:
legal and regulatory requirements and guidance;
limitation periods that apply in respect of taking legal action;
our ability to defend ourselves against legal claims and complaints;
good practice; and
the operational requirements of our business.
When we no longer require your personal data (and in accordance with applicable laws), we will take steps to delete, destroy or anonymise that information.
11. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal data from children under 18 years of age, and no part of the Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal data in violation of this Privacy Policy, please alert us using our contact information below.
12. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the manner in which we process your personal data, please contact us:
For persons who reside within the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom,
you can contact: Airtasker UK directly at privacy@airtasker.com, or Airtasker UK Limited, at 2 Old Bath Road, Newbury, RG14 1QL; or Airtasker’s UK GDPR Representative, EDPO UK Ltd, by using EDPO’s online request form:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
, or by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom.
For persons who reside outside of the EEA and the United Kingdom:
privacy@airtasker.com, or Airtasker Ltd, ACN 149 850 457, at Level 6, 24-28 Campbell Street, Haymarket NSW 2000.
APPENDIX A:
COUNTRY SPECIFIC TERMS
1. Australian Privacy Terms
If you are a user who has your Airtasker Platform account in (or the Services are performed in) Australia then the following terms will also apply to or may vary this Privacy Policy, to the extent specified:
a. a reference to 'personal data' shall also mean 'personal information' as defined in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth);
b. a reference to 'sensitive information' has the same meaning given to it in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth);
c. if we collect, use or disclose any information from you in accordance with this Privacy Policy that is also sensitive information (such as information relating to police checks conducted on users), then we will seek consent directly from you each time we collect, use or disclose your sensitive information, including for direct marketing purposes. We will not use or disclose your sensitive information for any other purpose unless the purpose is directly related to the primary purpose for which your sensitive information was collected;
d. Access and correction of your personal information: You are entitled to request access to any of your personal information that we hold. To make a request, please contact us using the relevant contact details provided above. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You can help us to do so by letting us know if you notice errors or discrepancies in information we hold about you and by informing us of any change in your personal details. If you consider any personal information we have about you is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, you are also entitled to request correction of the information. After receiving a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to correct your information. We may decline your request to access or correct your information in certain circumstances in accordance with applicable privacy laws. If we do refuse your request, we will provide you with a reason for our decision. In addition, in the case we refuse your request for correction, we will include a statement about your request with the personal information we store; and
e. Complaints about the handling of your personal information: If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we have handled your personal information, please contact us using the relevant contact details provided above. Please also contact us if you have a complaint about privacy. If you make a complaint about privacy, the following will occur:
We will first consider your complaint to determine whether there are simple or immediate steps which can be taken to resolve the complaint.
If your complaint requires more detailed consideration or investigation:
we will acknowledge receipt of your complaint within a week and endeavour to complete our investigation into your complaint promptly; and
we may ask you to provide further information about your complaint and the outcome you are seeking.
We will then typically gather relevant facts, locate and review relevant documents and speak with the individuals involved.
In most cases, we will respond to your complaint within 30 business days from when we receive your complaint. If the matter is more complex or our investigation may take longer, we will let you know.
If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, or you believe that we have breached applicable laws with regard to the handling of your personal information, you may be able to make a complaint to the Office of the Australia Information Commissioner (“OAIC”). The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992, or you can fill out this form to make a complaint about our handling of your personal information. Full contact details for the OAIC can be found online at www.oaic.gov.au.
2. New Zealand Privacy Terms
If you are a user who has your Airtasker Platform account in (or the Services are performed in) New Zealand then this Privacy Policy does not limit or exclude any rights that You have or may have under the Privacy Act 1993 (Privacy Act). For further information on this Act, please see
www.privacy.org.nz
.
3. Singapore Privacy Terms
If you are a user who has your Airtasker Platform account in (or the Services are performed in) Singapore then this Privacy Policy does not limit or exclude any rights that You have or may have under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 of Singapore. For further information on this Act, please see
https://www.pdpc.gov.sg/
.
4. United Kingdom and European Economic Area Privacy Terms
If you are a user who has your Airtasker Platform account in (or the Services are performed in):
the United Kingdom (“UK”) then this Privacy Policy does not limit to exclude any rights that you have or may have under the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the “UK GDPR”, which incorporates the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 in the UK by virtue of section 3 of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or
the European Economic Area (“EEA”) then this Privacy Policy does not limit or exclude any rights that you have or may have under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“EU GDPR”).
For clarity, our obligations under the UK GDPR and the EU GDPR only apply where and to the extent the UK GDPR or the EU GDPR applies (as applicable). Airtasker UK Limited is the data controller for the purposes of the UK GDPR and the EU GDPR (as applicable).
If the UK GDPR or the EU GDPR applies to you, we may process your personal data using the following legal bases:
performance of a contract: where we need to perform a contract which we are about to enter into or have entered into with you as a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such contract;
legal obligation: the processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations;
legitimate interests: the processing is necessary for our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests; or
consent: you have given your express consent that we may process your information for these specific reasons.
If the UK GDPR or the EU GDPR applies to you and we process sensitive or special category personal data we will also ensure we are permitted to do so under applicable privacy laws. We rely on the following conditions to do so:
we have your explicit consent;
the processing is necessary for us to comply with our obligations as an employer;
the processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interests;
the processing is necessary to protect your (or someone else’s) vital interests where you are physically or legally incapable of giving consent; or
the processing is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
We use automated decision making and profiling in limited circumstances. However, such automated decision making or profiling will never be used in circumstances where it may have a legal or similarly significant impact on you.
Whenever we transfer personal data outside of the EEA or the UK, we ensure at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your personal information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by the EU Commission or the UK Government (as applicable); or
we may enter into standard contractual clauses (or equivalent measures) with the third parties located outside of the EEA or the UK (as applicable).
If the UK GDPR or the EU GDPR applies to you and you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, or you believe that we have breached applicable laws and regulations with regards to the handling of your personal data, you may be able to file a complaint with the regulator / local data protection authority in your jurisdiction. If you are located in the UK, the UK GDPR gives you the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office who may be contacted as
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
. If you are located in the EEA, the EU GDPR gives you the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the member state in which you are located.
If the UK GDPR or the EU GDPR applies to you, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data (where applicable):
Access
: you have the right to request a copy of any personal information we hold about you, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.  If you would like to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you, in a portable format, please  complete the data access request form located
here
Rectification
: you have the right to the rectification of your personal information, if you consider that it is incomplete or inaccurate.
Deletion
: you have the right to request that we delete certain personal information that we process about you, except we are not obliged to do so if we need to retain such personal information in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. If you would like us to delete the personal data that we hold about you (which includes permanently deleting your account), please follow the steps set out
here
.
Restriction
: you have the right to request restriction to our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Portability
: you have the right to ask us to transfer a copy of certain personal information to you or to another service provider or third party where technically feasible.
Objection
: you have the right to object to your personal information being processed for a particular purpose (including direct marketing) or to request that we stop processing your information. You also have the right to object to certain decisions being taken by solely automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.
Complaint
: As noted above, if you are unhappy with our treatment of your personal information, and you have contacted us as set out below, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority.
When you exercise any of these rights we will respond within a reasonable period and in any event within one month (in compliance with the UK GDPR and the EU GDPR). Please note that in some circumstances we have the right to extend the period within which we respond to your rights request by up to two months.
If you have consented to our processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw, at any time, any consent that you have previously given to us for use of your personal information. In certain circumstances even if you withdraw your consent we may still be able to process your personal information if required or permitted by law or for the purpose of exercising or defending our legal rights or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
To make a request to exercise any of these rights (where applicable) in relation to your personal data, please contact us using the relevant contact details above.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacy.org.nz/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Nau mai, haere mai
Your privacy is precious; let us help you protect it.
Speaker applications are open for Privacy Week 2025
Privacy Amendment Bill – what you need to know
Biometrics Code consultation
Use our response calculator
Send an enquiry
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
Notify Us of a breach
Make a privacy complaint
What's new on the website?
down arrow
Make a privacy complaint
We're keen to work with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to
complain directly to the business or organisation that you feel has breached your privacy.
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with them,
then you can complain to us
. We aim to ensure that you're treated fairly, whatever your background or circumstances. We work in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1993.
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
(external link)
.
Use our Response Date Calculator for access and correction requests
.
Answer your questions about privacy breaches
.
Fill in our online enquiry form
.
Make a privacy complaint to us
(external link)
.
We review all the complaints we receive. If we can resolve them quickly, we will. If your case requires a complicated or comprehensive investigation, then owing to high volumes, the wait time for an investigator is up to six months.
Privacy Amendment Bill: what you need to know
The Privacy Amendment Bill is making its way through Parliament, and we know organisations are starting to think about how this will impact them. We’ve put together key information on the Bill, which we’ll update as it progresses.
Read more about our upcoming guidance, how you can be involved or ask for what you need, and what the timing looks like for this work
(external link)
.
Agencies: report a data breach
If you're an organisation and have a privacy breach that is likely to cause anyone serious harm, you are legally required to notify us and any affected persons as soon as you can.
As a guide, our expectation is that a breach notification should be made to our Office no later than 72 hours after agencies are aware of a notifiable privacy breach.
Work out whether you need to notify us
.
How long is 72 hours
(external link)
?
Do I need to notify my privacy breach
(external link)
?
Notify Us of a privacy breach
Commissioner to proceed with biometrics privacy code
The Privacy Commissioner will proceed with developing a privacy code of practice to create specific rules for agencies using biometrics.
We’ve made several important changes to the draft code since our last consultation and are giving people a further chance to have their say. Consultation is open now until 14 March 2025.
Learn more about the code and have your say
(external link)
.
Use our free e-learning tools
We can help you and your workmates learn about privacy, or sharpen your skills with our free e-learning tools. There are 10 free courses to choose from, and they are all run as online learning modules. Learn at your own pace and receive a certificate of completion.
Topics range
from Privacy 101 to specialist topics like health and education. You can learn more about reporting privacy breaches, approved information sharing agreements (AISA) and more.
Get learning with our e-learning modules
(external link)
.
Our news and views
Read our latest media releases and news.
Subscribe to Privacy News, our free monthly newsletter.
See case notes and court decisions.
Order free brochures for your customers or clients.