Privacy Policy
People under eighteen years of age are not eligible to use our web sites (the "Site") and downloadable
                                applications (the "Application") (collectively, "Wildec LCC").
About Meet24 and information we collect.
We collect personal profile and location information on our members.
                                        When you download and install the Application, you agree to share your location with
                                        Meet24
                                        on a continuous and periodic basis. Your location may be transmitted off of your mobile device
                                        when the Application is closed. The location will be used to measure your proximity to other
                                        users and cause notifications to be sent to other users notifying them that you are proximate to them.
                                        The messaging to other users with whom you are matched may include your (real-time) distance from
                                        them as well as your profile and photograph. Meet24
                                        will never share your exact location with another user. We don't share your email address, mobile
                                        phone number, billing information, or account password with another user under any circumstances.
                                        All other information you provide us may be revealed in your profile and be accessible to other members.
In the course of using Meet24, we automatically
                                        track certain information such as your IP addresses and email addresses. Many sites automatically collect
                                        this information.
Upon your request, we will remove collected information from your account. To make this request, please contact wildecllc@gmail.com.
Our Use of Your Information.
We internally use personally identifiable information of our users to improve our marketing efforts, to statistically
                                        analyze Meet24 usage, to improve our content and product
                                        offerings as well as to customize the Meet24's content and layout.
We also may send account updates, periodic informational updates or marketing messages to our members via email, SMS
                                        or the native messaging capabilities of your device. You may choose at any time to remove yourself from receiving such
                                        messages by changing your preferences in your account settings.
We use personally identifiable information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement.
Our Sharing of Your Information.
We DO NOT sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party without your permission.
                                        In the future, we may disclose information in the aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional
                                        purposes. However, in these situations, we DO NOT disclose to these entities any information that could be used to
                                        personally identify you.
Meet24 intends to cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe
                                        that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or
                                        legal process served on the Meet24.
Your use of Other Users' Information.
You may not use other user's information for commercial purposes, to spam, to
                                        harass, or to make unlawful threats. Meet24 reserves the
                                        right to terminate the accounts of those who misuse other user's information or who otherwise violate
                                        the Meet24 Terms of Use.
Control of Your Password.
You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any
                                        third parties. If, despite the foregoing, you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial
                                        control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions
                                        taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should
                                        immediately change your password.
Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information.
Once you register, you will be able
                                        to review and change much of your personally identifiable information at
                                        Meet24 including your email, city, state, zip code,
                                        password, and profile. Please promptly update your information if it changes by logging in to your
                                        account. We strongly urge you to periodically change your password to help reduce the risk of
                                        unauthorized access to your account information. Upon your request, we will remove your credit card
                                        billing information from your account. To make this request, please contact Customer Service. We may
                                        retain in our database information, including credit card information, you have requested to remove in
                                        some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, comply with Credit Card Merchant
                                        Banking and Association Agreements, enhance security, reduce fraud, comply with Federal and State Law, and
                                        to enforce our Terms of Use Agreement.
                                        We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may
                                        employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure
                                        advertising effectiveness. If and when we do this, we'll revise this Privacy Policy and provide
                                        more information about this practice and your choices regarding it.
If you have any questions or comments, please email us at support@meet24.com.