This policy was last updated on 02/04/2025.
This is the privacy policy (“policy”) for
scientificamerican.com
and the Scientific American mobile apps (collectively our “web properties”), which are operated and provided by Springer Nature America, Inc. (
we
,
us
and
our
). Springer Nature America, Inc. (
Scientific American)
is located at 1 New York Plaza New York, NY 10004
.
We can also be contacted at sadigital@sciam.com.
We will only use the personal data gathered over this website as set out in this policy. Below you will find information on how we use your personal data, for which purposes your personal data is used, with whom it is shared and what control and information rights you may have.
I. Summary of our processing activities
We publish magazines, eBooks, news and data. Some of this material is freely available, some of it is only available to subscribers. The following summary offers a quick overview of the data processing activities that are undertaken on our website. You will find more detailed information under the indicated sections below.
When you visit our web properties for informational reasons without setting up an account, only limited personal data will be processed in order to service your request (see III).
If you are identified as belonging to a customer organization then we collect information in order to be able to provide usage reporting to that customer.
If you register for one of our services or subscribe to our newsletters, further personal data will be processed in the scope of such services (see IV and V).
Furthermore, your personal data will be used to provide you with relevant advertising for our services and products (see VII) and for statistical analysis that helps us to monitor the performance of our internet properties, improve those properties, and personalize your experience (see VIII). Additionally, we improve your website experience with third party content (see IX).
Your personal data may be disclosed to third parties (see X) that might be located outside your country of residence; potentially, different data protection standards may apply (see XI).
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to secure your personal data (see XII) and retain your personal data only as long as necessary (see XIII).
Under the legislation applicable to you, you may be entitled to exercise certain rights with regard to the processing of your personal data (see XIV).
II. Definitions
Personal data:
means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier.
Processing:
means any operation which is performed on personal data, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or any kind of disclosure or other use.
III. Informational use of our web properties
When you visit our web properties for informational reasons, i.e. without registering for any of our provided services listed under IV and without providing us with personal data in any other form, we may automatically collect additional information about you which will contain personal data only in limited cases and which is automatically recognized by our server, such as:
Examples might include:
- your IP address;
- your device type, name and IDs;
- the date and time of your requests;
- the content of your requests;
- information on your browser version;
- your screen resolution;
- information on your operating system, including language settings.
We use such information only to assist us in providing an effective service (e.g. to adapt our web properties to the needs of your device or to allow you to log in to our web properties), and to collect broad demographic information for anonymized, aggregated use.
If you are identified by IP or equivalent method as belonging to a customer organization such as university or a company then we will also collect the identity of that organization and use it to create usage reports which show the organization how much of the content we publish is being read by their students, members or employees. This information does not contain anything related to a personal login unless (a) you are a nominated administrator for that organization or (b) your organization specifically requires it as a part of a usage-based access contract.
The personal data automatically collected is necessary for us to provide the website, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR, and for our legitimate interest to guarantee the web properties’ stability and security, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR.
IV. Registration for our services
Access to subscription content is provided via a variety of mechanisms such as IP site licenses, login via third party federated identity providers or by a personal account with us. If your access to our content is provided by an organization or an institution like a university or a company then they choose the access method on your behalf. A personal account is required to purchase content directly from us, or to receive personal services like newsletters and alerts.
If you need to create a personal login with us then we will store and process the following:
- Information (such as your name, user name and email address) that is provided by registration;
- Information in connection with an account sign-in facility (e.g. log-in and password details);
- Communications sent by you (e.g. via e-mail or website communication forms).
The information that is necessary for the performance of the service is labeled accordingly. All further information is provided voluntarily.
We will process the personal data you provide to:
Examples might include:
- Identify you at sign-in;
- Provide you with the services and information offered through the website or which you request;
- Administer your account;
- Communicate with you;
- (behavioral) Advertising and profiling
- Facilitate attendance of conference
- Provide access (where appropriate) to other Springer Nature group content if you so request
For this, the legal basis is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR. The use of your personal data for behavioral advertising and profiling is done with consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR.
We use the personal data and contact data you provide by registration to inform you directly about our additional products and services and to improve your experience on our web properties. The use of your personal data for directly advertising related products and services is with consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR.
You can object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing at any time. We will then refrain from any processing to the extent it is related to such purposes. You may opt-out of direct marketing via opt-out links in any marketing communication or via user profile pages on the website (where available). You can also inform us about your objection by contacting our Data Protection Office at dataprotection@springernature.com.
We offer notification services such as table-of-contents or new book alerts. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can end this service by opting out via the link provided in each notification email. This notification service is based on your consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Registration data is kept until such time as an account deletion request is made. If such a request is received we will erase your data within 30 days. Statutory storage obligations or the need for legal actions that may arise from misconduct within the services or payment problems can lead to a longer retention of your personal data. In this case, we will inform you accordingly.
V. Information about the specific uses that require registration
1. Subscription store
For the use of our store you have to set up an account as described under IV. Your customer account retains your personal data for future purchases. You can change your personal data in your account’s settings. To delete your account, please contact customer service at help@sciam.com. If you have made a purchase with your account, your account cannot be deleted. However, we can render your account inoperable by removing your personal information, including your email address. We will not perform any action to your account without your expressed permission. This processing is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b.
When purchasing a product that requires shipping we may share the delivery data with a Contractor to provide shipment tracking to you. Such a transfer will be based on data processing agreements in accordance with Article 28 of the GDPR. Therefore, our Contractors will only use your personal data to the extent necessary to perform their functions and will be contractually bound to process your personal data only on our behalf and in compliance with our requests.
By statutory law we are required to retain the provided financial data in relation to transactions (including address, payment and order information) for ten years. However, after 2 years we will restrict the processing of your personal data to comply with the statutory requirements and will not process the personal data any further. Regarding this, the retention of your personal data is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c GDPR.
2. Article alerts and Newsletters
With your email address you can subscribe to our newsletters that provide you with the latest news about our products and services if you consent to receiving such newsletters.
You can further sign up for our newsletter via Facebook. For this purpose, we are using Facebook Lead Ads, a service by Facebook Inc., 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304 U.S. ("Facebook"). Lead Ads makes it even easier for you to sign up for our newsletter as the form will already be pre-populated via Facebook with your data and you only need to submit the form. Of course, you have the opportunity to amend and review the data before submission. For more information on how lead ads works see here -
https://www.facebook.com/business/ads/lead-ads
.
If you sign up for editorial newsletters on Facebook and consent to receiving marketing emails or Facebook advertisements, you may or may not receive Facebook advertisements about products or services from Scientific American.
If you reside in the EU please be aware that your personal data will be transferred back to Facebook to facilitate advertisements. Facebook processes this data also in countries outside of the EU where a different level of data protection applies and access to the data by authorities and public bodies is possible. With your consent, you also agree to the transfer to Facebook in third countries, including the USA.
The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR. Your email address will be retained as long as you subscribe to our newsletters.
You can unsubscribe from this service by opting out via the link provided in each newsletter. If you inquired about a product or service and no longer wish to be contacted, you can email
help@sciam.com
, citing the name of the product or service, and request that your email address be removed.
We utilize tools such as Amazon SES, SendGrid, and Klaviyo to send emails. If you do not wish for your data to be processed by these providers, please email
help@sciam.com
– however, if you do not allow for this processing you will not be able to access our web properties or newsletters. For additional information on the use your data by these providers, please refer to:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/privacy/privacy-notice
VI. Automated decision making
We do not use your personal data for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, however we do use your personal data to offer you content and services which we believe may be of interest and to improve your experience on our web properties.
VII. Online advertising, e-commerce and related tools
We use marketing services to provide you with offers. For this purpose, we place advertisements via advertising service providers that use cookies and/or web beacons that are activated when you visit our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the internet browser and allow recognition of a user. Web beacons are small image files, which allow log file recording and log file analysis. To present online advertising we use the services of, inter alia, Google AdExchange and AdSense, Microsoft Advertising. Respective advertisement is labeled as “ADVERTISEMENT” or “AdChoices”.
The cookies and web beacons enable our service providers to collect information about you and your behavior, e.g. IP address, browser information, information on user activities and click data, and to recognize visitors to our website under a pseudonym and only display products that are likely to be of interest to our visitors. Most of the tools use pseudonymised or aggregated data, e.g. shortened IP addresses. The data is used to analyze the use of our website and, thereby, improve and optimize the website and to display advertising tailored to your needs. We collect this data (to improve your website experience and to promote our products and services). You can update your preferences via the “Use of cookies/Do not sell my data” link in the page footer.
Personal data collected via first party cookies is based on consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR, to improve your website experience and promote our products and services. We collect this data via a cookie management tool; you can update your preferences via the “Use of cookies/Do not sell my data” link in the page footer.
Personal data collected via third party targeting cookies is based on your consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can update your preferences via the “Use of cookies/Do not sell my data” link in the page footer.
Please note that we neither have the control of the extent of personal data that is collected by the respective plug-in provider nor do we know the processing’s purpose or the period your personal data will be retained. Your personal data will be transferred to and processed inside and outside of the EEA.
XI.
It is possible that the above providers may disclose your personal data to its business partners, third parties or authorities.
You can prevent the installation of such a cookie (i) by a respective setting of your browser that blocks the installation of third party cookies, (ii) by deactivating the interest-related advertising under https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated, (iii) generally blocking cookies under https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996 or (iv) by deselecting the option for tracking cookies via the Springer Nature cookie preference centre.
Further information about the processing of your personal data in the provider’s course of operation is provided by its privacy policy. Moreover, you will be provided with further information with regard to your rights and settings concerning privacy. You can access the provider’s privacy policy by following these links:
Permutive
Appnexus
Pubmatic
Brightcom
Criteo
Rubicon Project
yieldmo
sovrn
lijit
gumgum
openx
Verizon
(
adtech.com
,
aolcloud.net
)
audienciad
Pulsepoint
onomagic
rhythmone
smartadserver
adform
adpone
richaudience
proper.io
x.adprime.co
media.net
Pubwise
Magnite
Pulsepoint
Smaato
Sonobi
ad-generation.jp
Rhythmo
smartadserver.com
yahoo
Index Exchange
ADman Media
emxdgt.com
Beachfront
improve digital
Mintegral
Onetag
MediaGo
Adyoulike
visiblemeasures.com
Undertone
iMDS
Amazon Ads
Kargo
Lemma
illumin
Cadent
On our web properties, we use the remarketing or “Similar audiences” feature of AdWords offered by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google”
Google uses cookies/tracking technologies, i.e., text files that are stored on your computer and that allow us to analyze your use of our web properties. Information generated by Cookies/tracking technology on your use of our web properties (including your IP address) will be transferred to a Google server in the U.S. and stored on that server. After that, the last three digits of the IP address will be deleted by Google so that it is no longer possible to clearly match this IP address with personal data. Google will use this information to analyze your use of the our web properties, to create activity reports for us and to provide additional services in connection with the use of the website and the internet. Furthermore, Google may transfer this information to third parties, if it is required to do so in accordance with statutory provisions or if third parties process data on behalf of Google.
Third party providers, including Google, place advertisements on websites on the internet. Third party providers, including Google, use stored cookies/tracking information to place advertisements based on previous visits of a user on this website.
For additional information on the anonymous analysis of your search behavior please refer to:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
You may object to data collection and storage for the purpose of remarketing at any time - this objection will be effective for the future, but not retroactively - by deactivating interest-based advertising in Google or by deactivating the services on the website of the Network Advertising Initiative. Note: in that case, you may not be able to use all features of our web properties anymore. By using this website, you grant your consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above.
Facebook Custom Audience
This Website uses retargeting tags and Custom Audience of Facebook Inc., 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304 U.S., hereinafter referred to as “Facebook”.
When you visit our web properties, remarketing tags will build a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. This way, Facebook learns that you have visited our web properties with your IP address. This will enable Facebook to match your visit of our pages with your user account. The information obtained this way can be used to display Facebook ads. Please note that we do not receive any information on the contents of data transferred and their use by Facebook.
With regard to the use of Custom Audience we would like to point out that Facebook and third parties use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect or gather information on this website. Based on the data gained we can make our Facebook activities more efficient and, e.g., arrange for contents or ads to be shown only to visitors of our web properties. The data collected this way will be encrypted and transferred to Facebook and is anonymous for us, e.g., we cannot see personal data of individual users.
We may also utilize other tools, such as Permutive, to build anonymous behavioral segments, and pass the status of membership of these segment(s) into the Facebook cookie. This will enable membership of these segments to be used when building Custom Audiences within Facebook.
For further information on the privacy policy of Facebook and Custom Audience please refer to https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ or https://www.facebook.com/business/a/online-sales/custom-audiences-website.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Custom Audience, you can deactivate custom Audience using this
link
.
We utilize tools such as Piano, Chargebee, Stripe and Auth0 by Okta to manage your subscriptions, identity, payments, and authorizations. If you do not wish for your data to be processed by these providers, please email
help@sciam.com
– however, if you do not allow for this processing you will not be able to access our web properties. For additional information on the use of your data by these providers, please refer to:
https://piano.io/privacy-policy/
https://www.chargebee.com/privacy/
https://stripe.com/privacy
https://www.okta.com/privacy-policy/
VIII. Analytics
OneTrust
We use Onetrust, a service provided by OneTrust LLC, Dixon House, 1 Lloyd's Avenue, London, EC3N 3DQ (“Onetrust”). We use Onetrust services to provide information about the cookies and other tracking technology used on our website and to manage user preferences on that behalf.
Onetrust places the following cookies on your computer:
OptanonAlert, OptanonConsent, _dc_gtm_UA-xxxxxxxx
This allows us to identify if the cookie banner is displayed, which choices you made and how to act upon those choices (Opt-in or Opt-out of cookie categories). These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences. To review your current settings please go to our Privacy Preference Centre. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
You can set your browser to block these cookies, but some parts of the site may then not perform as designed.
For more information about privacy policies and Onetrust, please refer to the Onetrust website: https://Onetrust.com/privacy-notice/.
For statistical analyses we use web analytics services such as Google Analytics, to collect information about the use of this site.
General tracking information
The tools collect information such as:
- Device and browser information (operating system information, Mobile device identifier, mobile operating system, etc.)
- IP address
- Asset accessed, URL click stream (the chronological order of our internet sites you visited)
- Geographic location
- Time of visit
- Referring site, application, or service
We use the information we get from the providers only to determine the most useful information you are looking for, and to improve and optimize our web properties.
We will track your behavior online for the purposes described above; this data will not be shared outside of Springer Nature and our processors as outlined below. You can stop this tracking using our Privacy Preference Centre. The legal basis for this processing is consent, Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit.a GDPR, to analyze our web properties’ traffic, improve the user’s experience and optimize the website in general.
We do not share information on your web behavior with any 3rd party providers without your explicit consent. Consent is provided by clicking the appropriate button on the web banner that appears on your first visit to the website. You can update or withdraw your consent by visiting our Privacy Preference Centre. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR and represents your consent to accepting 3rd party targeting cookies.
Depending on the provider the information generated about your use of the website may be transferred to and processed in third countries, e.g. the United States. For further information about the potential risks of a cross border data transfer please refer to section XI. The tools collect only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or any other identifying information, unless noted. The provider will use this information in order to evaluate your use of the web properties, to compile reports on website activities and to provide other services relating to website and internet use to us.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). On our behalf Google will use the information generated by cookies and IP address for the purpose of evaluating your use of our web properties, compiling reports on activity and providing other services relating to web property activity and internet activity in connection with the use of our web properties and according to your consent preferences. You can access the Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
The legal basis for processing is consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreement.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or by amending your preferences.
Chartbeat
We use Chartbeat, a web analytics service. On our behalf Chartbeat will use the information generated by a cookies and IP address for the purpose of evaluating your use of our web properties, compiling reports on activity and providing other services relating to web property activity and internet activity in connection with the use of the web properties and according to your consent preferences. You can access the Chartbeat privacy policy here:
https://chartbeat.com/privacy/
The legal basis for processing is consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreement.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or by amending your preferences.
Segment
We use Segment, a web analytics service and customer data platform. On our behalf Segment will use the information generated by cookies and IP address for the purpose of evaluating your use of our web properties, compiling reports on activity and providing other services relating to web property activity and internet activity in connection with the use of the web properties and according to your consent preferences. Depending on your usage, Segment may also possess your email address. You can access the Segment privacy policy here:
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
The legal basis for processing is consent, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreement.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or by amending your preferences.
IX. Third party content, social media plugins
The web properties may contain links to third parties. We are not responsible for the content and the data collection on respective third party properties; please check the privacy policy of respective websites for information of respective websites’ data processing activities.
1. Social Media plug-ins
We use the following social media plug-ins: Facebook, Twitter. This allows you to communicate with such services and like or comment from our web properties. Social media plug-ins enable a direct communication between your device and the servers of the social media provider, allowing the social media provider to communicate with you and collect information about you using our web properties. This processing is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR and represents our legitimate interest to improve your experience and to optimize our services.
Transfer of personal data takes place whether you have an account with the provider or not.
Please note that we neither have the control of the extent of personal data that is collected by the respective plug-in provider nor do we know the processing’s purpose or the period your personal data will be retained.
Further information about the processing of your personal data in the provider’s course of operation is provided via their respective privacy policy. Moreover, you will be provided with further information with regard to your rights and setting concerning privacy.
a. Facebook Social plugins
We use so-called social plugins („plugins“) of the social networking site facebook.com provided by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins can be identified by one of Facebook’s logos (white “f” on blue tile or a “thumps-up”-sign) or by the additional text “Facebook Social Plugin”. The list of Facebook Social Plugins and their appearance can be accessed via: http://developers.facebook.com/plugins.
If a user visits using such a plugin, the user’s browser directly connects to Facebook’s servers. The plugin and its content are made available directly on Facebook’s servers.
Due to the integration of the plugin Facebook collects the information that a user is visiting the corresponding property. If the user is logged in on Facebook at the moment he or she visits the property, Facebook may be able to connect the session to the user’s Facebook account. If the user interacts with the plugin – for example if he or she presses the like button or comments on something – the user’s browser transmits this information to Facebook. Facebook stores this information. If a user is not a member of Facebook, Facebook may collect and store the user’s IP-address. Facebook states that it only collects anonymized IP-addresses in Germany.
The reason for and scope of the data acquisition and information about the way in which the data is processed and used by Facebook, as well as the user’s rights in this respect and settings options for protecting the users privacy can be found under: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
If the user is a member of Facebook and does not wish Facebook to collect personal data via this homepage and to link this with his data stored on Facebook, the user needs to log off from Facebook before going to this homepage.
The user may also block Facebook’s plugins using add-ons for the user’s browser, for example the “Facebook Blocker“.
b. Twitter
We use the twitter-button. The button is provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. (“Twitter”) The buttons are marked using the text “Twitter” or “Follow” and a stylized blue bird. The button enables the user to share on Twitter or to follow the provider on Twitter.
If a user visits one of the properties using such a button, the user’s browser directly connects to Twitter’s servers. The Twitter-button and its content are loaded directly from Twitter’s servers. According to the provider’s knowledge, Twitter collects the user IP-address and the URL when the button is loaded from Twitter’s servers. However, this data is only be used for loading and displaying the Twitter-button.
Further information can be found in Twitter’s privacy statement under:
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
Should you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via the email address
dataprotection@springernature.com
.
2. Do Not Track
There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts web properties you visit that you do not want them to collect certain information about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that currently our website does not respond to these DNT signals from web browsers. At this time, there is no universally accepted standard for what a company should do when a DNT signal is detected.
X. Information sharing
Where personal data is disclosed to third parties for the purposes mentioned above the legal basis for the transfer of your personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b and f GDPR. Some of the recipients may reside outside the EEA. For further information about cross border transfer in general and transfers outside of the EEA see section on Cross border data transfers.
We may disclose your personal data to contractors who assist us in providing the services we offer through our web properties. Such a transfer will be based on data processing agreements (Art. 28 GDPR). Therefore, our contractors will only use your personal data to the extent necessary to perform their functions and will be contractually bound to process your personal data only on our behalf and in compliance with our requests.
In the event that we undergo re-organization or are sold to a third party, any personal data we hold about you may be transferred to that re-organized entity or third party in compliance with applicable law.
We may disclose your personal data if legally entitled or required to do so (for example if required by law or by a court order). The legal basis for this will be Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c GDPR (in conjunction with the respective national law).
1. Usage Reports
We may disclose anonymous aggregate statistics about users of our web properties in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personal data. We also supply standardized usage reports to institutional customers, also known as Counter Reports. For more information on Counter Reports - https://www.projectcounter.org/code-of-practice-sections/usage-reports/
In addition to the above mentioned reports and by special arrangement:
When you read research journals and eBooks or use database products, we will process your personal data to create usage reports. For journals and eBooks this will include your full text HTML and PDF downloads, your IP address and potentially your email address. This data is necessary for the usage report as it provides information on the usage and overall interest in a particular journal or group of journals or eBooks.
The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest to assess and evaluate the use of our content to be able to improve our services. We will retain this data securely for ongoing internal analysis and future reference.
We may share the usage data with licensee under whose license you are accessing and using our services, (e.g. your employer, the institution you are a member to, your university etc. “Licensee”). The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) 1 lit. f GDPR. The Licensee has a legitimate interest in using the usage data to assess and evaluate the economic efficiency of its license for our content. Based on this evaluation, the Licensee will be able to determine e.g. the necessity to obtain more licenses or reduce the number of licenses or to allocate costs internally. Further, the usage data may allow the Licensee to request contributions or funding. The Licensee is contractually limited to use the usage data for no other purposes than these economic efficiency assessment purposes.
In addition, we ourselves have a legitimate interest in enabling the Licensee to use the usage data to conduct respective evaluation and assessments is also in our interest as it makes our service more attractive for the Licensees.
If the Licensee resides outside the EEA, the transfer is safeguarded by a Commission’s adequacy decision such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. You can find further information about the aforementioned safeguards by contacting onlineservice@springernature.com.
You may object to the transfer of the usage data to the Licensee at any time without reason by sending an email to onlineservice@springernature.com.
XI. Cross border data transfers
Within the scope of our information sharing activities set out above, your personal data may be transferred to other countries (including countries outside the EEA) which may have different data protection standards from your country of residence. Please note that data processed in a foreign country may be subject to foreign laws and accessible to foreign governments, courts, law enforcement, and regulatory agencies. However, we will endeavor to take reasonable measures to maintain an adequate level of data protection when sharing your personal data with such countries.
In the case of a transfer outside of the EEA, this transfer is safeguarded by privacy the EU Model Clauses. You can find further information about the aforementioned safeguards by following this link
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
XII. Security
We have reasonable state of the art security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal data under our control. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to personal data. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via our web properties whilst it is in transit over the internet and any such submission is at your own risk.
XIII. Data retention
We strive to keep our processing activities with respect to your personal data as limited as possible. In the absence of specific retention periods set out in this policy, your personal data will be retained only for as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose for which we have collected it and, if applicable, as long as required by statutory retention requirements.
XIV. Your rights
Under the legislation applicable to you, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:
1. require (i) information as to whether your personal data is retained and (ii) access to and/or duplicates of your personal data retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
2. request rectification, removal or restriction of your personal data, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
3. refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time;
4. object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, that your personal data shall be subject to a processing. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your personal data or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing;
5. take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your personal data, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators;
6. require (i) to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side; where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller;
7. not to be subject to any automated decision making, including profiling (automatic decisions based on data processing by automatic means, for the purpose of assessing several personal aspects) which produce legal effects on you or affects you with similar significance; and/or
8
. Your California Privacy Rights
:
Please see
https://www.scientificamerican.com/page/california-consumer-privacy-statement/
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above or (ii) pose any questions or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting us using the contact details set out below.
XV. Minors
Our web properties are not directed at children and we do not knowingly collect any personal data from children under 16 years old. However, if the parent or the guardian of a child under 16 years old believes that the child has provided us with personal data, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us at dataprotection@springernature.com to request the deletion of this data from our files.
XVI. Contacting us
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments you have about this privacy policy or any requests concerning your personal data by email to our Group Data Protection Officer. You can contact our Group Data Protection Officer via dataprotection@springernature.com.
The information you provide when contacting us at dataprotection@springernature.com will be processed to handle your request and will be erased when your request is completed. Alternatively, we will restrict the processing of the respective information in accordance with statutory retention requirements.
XVII. Amendments to this policy
We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time by updating our web properties respectively. Please visit our web properties and check our respective current privacy policy. This policy was last updated on 02/04/2025.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 1
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/privacy/privacy-notice:
___
Home
/
Legal
/
Privacy
/
Privacy notice
Klaviyo Privacy Notice
Updated December 31, 2024
Thank you for your interest in Klaviyo! This Privacy Notice explains how information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable (“
personal information
”) is collected, used, disclosed, and otherwise processed by Klaviyo in connection with our services.
When we use the terms “
Klaviyo
”, “
Klaviyo Group
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
” in this Privacy Notice, we are referring to Klaviyo, Inc. and its affiliates. When we use the term “
Service
” or
“Services,”
we are referring to all of the services and product offerings that we offer as a controller, our website
https://www.klaviyo.com/
or any other Klaviyo Group product or service that posts or links to this Privacy Notice.
Klaviyo as a Data Controller
: For purposes of data protection laws, Klaviyo is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information collected through your use of our Service. This Privacy Notice applies only to instances where Klaviyo acts as a data controller.
Klaviyo as a Data Processor
:
In providing our Service, our customers may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about our customers’ end users (“
Customer Data
”). In such instances, Klaviyo acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), and we have contractually committed ourselves to process Customer Data on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the processing of Customer Data and we recommend you read the privacy notice of the respective customer if their processing concerns your personal information.
Table of Contents
How We Collect Your Personal Information
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising
Control Over Your Information
Privacy Rights
Children
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Australia Residents
Additional Disclosures for California Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents (United States)
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
EU, Swiss, and UK Representative
Back to top ⬆︎
1. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you interact with us, we are collecting personal information about you. Sometimes we collect personal information automatically when you interact with our Services and sometimes we collect the personal information directly from you. At times, we may collect personal information about you from third parties.
Personal Information You Provide
We may collect the following personal information you provide in connection with our Service:
Account Creation and Profile Information for a Klaviyo Account
. We may collect personal information that you provide when you register for an account (where available). This information includes your email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead.
Contract Data
. If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us, we may collect your name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
Payment and Transaction Information
. If you sign up for one of our Services requiring payment, we collect the information provided in connection with such payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors to process payments made to us. As such, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their privacy notice. We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Communications
. When you contact us through any method of communications, including through one of our website “Contact Us”, “Chat” or “Support” functions or you request a demo of the Klaviyo platform, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times.
Newsletter, Marketing Emails, and Blog
.
If you sign up to receive news or alerts from us, or subscribe to our blog, we may collect your email and applicable interests and communication preferences.
Klaviyo Academy
. If you sign up for training sessions via the Klaviyo Academy, we ask for your user’s name, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
Klaviyo Community
. If you wish to participate in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and find resources, insights and further support from other used, you may participate in the Klaviyo Community. In this case we may collect the following data: your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Partner
. If you apply to be a Klaviyo partner, we may collect personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions)
. If you fill out any forms or otherwise provide your information to us in connection with Klaviyo events, surveys, or other promotional events (including contests, sweepstakes, webinars, and trainings), as well as when you provide feedback to us, we may collect your contact information (such as your name, email, and phone number), your organization company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
As is true of most digital platforms, we and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit, interact with, or use our Service and emails. Such information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5 (together “
cookies
”). This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our Services and also allows us to monitor and analyze how you use and interact with our Services so that we can continue to improve our Services. It also helps us and our partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you.
Specifically, we may collect the following information:
Log Data
:  Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data
:  Including the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: Web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  Including your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data
: If you have an account to use the services we offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, initial marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifiers (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, integrations.
For more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Personal Information from Other Sources and Third Parties
We may also obtain personal information from third parties, which we may combine with personal information we collect either automatically or directly from an individual.
We may receive personal information from the following third parties:
Klaviyo Entities
: We may receive personal information from other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group.
Klaviyo
Business and Marketing Partners
. We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. The information we disclose may include your name, phone number, email address, company name and address, opportunity/interest details of your company, and information on whether your company is a current client of our partner.
Social
Media
: When an individual interacts with us through various social media networks, such as when someone “Likes” us on Facebook or follows us or shares our content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other social networks through, for example, the social media buttons embedded into our website, we may receive some information about individuals that they permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network. Individuals should always review and, if necessary, adjust their privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services.
Service
Providers
: Our service providers that perform services solely on our behalf, such as chat services, payout processing, and marketing providers, collect personal information and often share some or all of this information with us.
Back to top ⬆︎
2.  HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Fulfill our contractual obligations, to deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support);
Communicate with individuals, including via email, text message, social media and/or telephone and video calls;
Review our business performance;
Market and sell our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call,  text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e., WhatsApp);
Send gifts to you;
Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our client-base;
Process payment for our Services;
Conduct market research;
Opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation;
Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems;
Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business;
Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties;
Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity;
Process and deliver contest and sweepstakes entry and awards; and
Comply with legal obligations.
Back to top ⬆︎
3. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal information with and to third parties, as described below.
Service Providers
:
We share personal information with third party contractors and service providers, that are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms, and which may include processing payments, providing web hosting and maintenance services, technology support providers, email and messaging communications providers, analytics providers, data storage providers, and web and video hosting providers and developers. Any such service providers will be subject to confidentiality provisions, and be bound to only process the data on our behalf and under our instructions, unless such service providers act as their own controllers (e.g., in the case we seek advice from lawyers and tax consultants).
Klaviyo Group
:
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Klaviyo Group, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Klaviyo Group. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
Business and Marketing Partners
: We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
Advertising Partners
: We may share certain personal information (including information collected through cookies) with our advertising service providers and vendors in order to advertise our Services to you. For more information on how we collect and share this information, please see the
Online Advertising
section of this Privacy Notice.
Corporate Transaction
:
We may transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, change of control or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Legal Obligations and Rights
:
We may disclose personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
The Public/Other Klaviyo Community users, when you post content on the Klaviyo Community portion of the website
:
Remember, our websites allow you to connect and interact with others. In that case, your personal data may be visible to others as set out above under “Klaviyo Community”.
With Your Consent
: We may disclose personal information about an individual to certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction. For example, with an individual’s consent or direction we may post their testimonial on our website or service-related publications.
Back to top ⬆︎
4. ONLINE ADVERTISING
We may share (or we may permit these parties to collect) personal information with online advertising networks, social media companies, and other third-party services, including information about your use of our Service over time, so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on other websites or apps, or on other devices you may use.  Typically, though not always, the information we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including hashed data, clickstream information, browser type, time and date you visited the website and other information.  This information is used to display targeted ads on other websites, apps, or services. We or the online advertising networks use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests. We may also display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google, and others. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our services while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. For more information on our online practices specifically in relation to cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Back to top ⬆︎
5. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
Email Communications
. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Messaging Platforms
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via messaging platforms (such as WhatsApp), including to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. You can unsubscribe from these messages at any time by replying STOP in one of our messages.
SMS Text Messaging
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with you via text message, including (with your consent) to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. You can unsubscribe from marketing text messages at any time by replying STOP or clicking the unsubscribe link (where available) in one of our messages. For more information, please see our
Terms of Service
.
Modifying Account Information
. If you have a Klaviyo service account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information and profile picture) through the “Contact Information” tab in the “Account” section in your Klaviyo account. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support in the support portal through your Klaviyo account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
Back to top ⬆︎
6. PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable privacy law and the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
Right of access and portability
. You may have the right to obtain access to the personal information we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal information.
Right to correction
. You may have the right to require us to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to deletion
. You may have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to opt-out
. You may have the right to opt-out of certain processing activities. For example, you may have the right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, or the “sale” of your personal information to third parties in certain contexts. You may also have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes. Please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be in a position to continue providing our services to you.
Right to exercise control over sensitive personal information
.
You may have the right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive personal information.
Right to non-retaliation
. You may have the right to be free from retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the rights described above.
To exercise your rights
:
please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a jurisdiction that offers such right(s). In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request. Please note that notwithstanding any exercise of your rights described above by you, we may continue to collect, use, disclose or process your personal information where we are permitted or required to do so by law or requested or ordered to be do so by relevant authorities or law enforcement agencies.
To exercise your right to opt-out
: please submit a request, as follows:
Opt-out of targeted advertising (cookies opt-out), please use our cookie management tool:
Cookie Management Tool
Opt-out of data “sales”, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Unless you have exercised your right to opt-out, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or use your information for all the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including for targeted advertising. The third parties to whom we sell or disclose personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your right to opt-out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems. We may not process your request if we, in good faith, believe that the request is fraudulent. In such instances, we will send a notice to the requestor explaining our decision.
Back to top ⬆︎
7. CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
8. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain integrations or links to third party websites or services, including those of our business partners. By interacting with these third parties, you are providing information directly to the third party and not Klaviyo. Please note that Klaviyo is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy notices and online terms of those third parties to learn more about how they handle your personal information.
Back to top ⬆︎
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by adequately informing you via your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, or through other appropriate communication channels. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
Back to top ⬆︎
10. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Back to top ⬆︎
11. REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
This Privacy Notice is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Service, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you:
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS
These additional disclosures for Australian residents (“
Australian Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and applies solely to individuals in Australia (“
you
”).
These Australian Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individuals in Australia, either online or offline, within the Australian
Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (“
APPs
”) found in Schedule 1 of the
Privacy Act
.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these Australian Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the
Privacy Act
.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this Australian Disclosures notice, we mean information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion:
is true or not; and
is recorded in a material form or not.
A. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
The various ways in which your personal information is collected are described in Section 1 of our Privacy Notice, We may also collect your personal information if we record any phone calls or video calls (with your permission) between you and Klaviyo.
B. OVERSEAS TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information may be transferred to and stored in locations outside Australia where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located and the United Kingdom.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo to a location outside Australia, we ensure that: (i) personal information is transferred to countries recognized as having an equivalent level of privacy protection to Australia; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as contractual obligations.
C. STORING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers.
We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
D. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have various rights under the APPs.
Right to access and request
You have the right to request access to and/or the correction of your personal information held by Klaviyo. You can exercise these rights by contacting our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable time. If your request is refused, you will be provided with written reasons for the refusal and information about the mechanisms you can use to complain about the refusal.
Right to complain
You also have a right to make a privacy complaint to our Privacy Officer at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Our Privacy Officer will first consider your complaint to determine whether there are simple or immediate steps which can be taken to resolve the complaint. Our Privacy Officer will endeavor to complete the investigation into your complaint promptly. You may be asked to provide further information about your complaint and the outcome you are seeking. Our Privacy Officer will then typically gather relevant facts, locate, and review relevant documents, and speak with individuals involved.
In most cases, our Privacy Officer will investigate and provide a written response to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of the complaint. If the matter is more complex or the investigation may take longer, our Privacy Officer will let you know.
If you are not satisfied with Klaviyo’s response to your complaint, a complaint may be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”). The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992 or by using the contact details on the website
www.oaic.gov.au
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
These additional disclosures for California residents (“
CA Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our
Privacy Notice
and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California (“
consumers
” or “
you
”).
These CA Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “
CCPA
”)
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Notice
or as otherwise defined in the CCPA.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this CA Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
A. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes, as described in the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
and
How We Use Your Personal Information
sections of the
Privacy Notice
.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
. In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your first, middle and last name, email address, username, or other similar identifiers;
CA Customer Categories
, such as your name, phone number, and postal address;
Commercial Information
, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered;
Internet/Network Information
, such as device information, logs and analytics data;
Geolocation Data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information;
Sensory Information
, such as recordings of any phone calls or video calls (with your permission, as applicable) between you and Klaviyo;
Professional/Employment Information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information and other details contained in your resume;
Inferences
about your interests and preferences, generated from your use of our sites; and
Other Personal Information
, including information you submit into the feedback form and any communications between you and Klaviyo, as well as information we receive from social networking sites.
We collect this information from the following sources: directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our App or use our Services, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us. Please see the
How We Collect Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice for more information about the sources of personal information we collect.
B. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share personal information with third parties for business purposes. The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service providers and advisors; (iii) analytics providers; (iv) marketing and strategic partners; and (v) social networks.
In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we collect, explained in the
Collection and Use of Personal Information
section of these CA Disclosures, to third parties for a business purpose, as describe the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice.
C. SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As further described in the
How We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Notice, we may “sell” or “share” your personal information (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales or sharing (see
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out
below).
In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out: Identifiers, such as your name and email address, CA Customer Categories, such as your name and phone number, and Commercial Information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered.
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell or share the personal information include:
Business and Marketing Partners
Online Advertising Networks and Analytics Providers
Social Networks
We may also disclose personal information to third parties at your direction or upon your request, in connection with a corporate business transaction, or to comply with legal or contractual obligations, as described in our Privacy Notice.
D. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information that we have collected about you (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Access/Know
You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
• The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
• The categories of sources of the personal information;
• The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
• The categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
• The business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling the personal information.
The Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Correction
You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.
The Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us not to “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
You have the right to direct us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to certain purposes, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Control Over Automated Decision-Making / Profiling
You have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes.
The Right to Non-Retaliation
You have the right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights.
However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
“Shine the Light”
California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law, or the right to opt out of such practices (Civ. Code §1798.83).
E. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Exercise Your Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, and Right to Deletion
To exercise your
Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, or your Right to Deletion
: please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of the State of California. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone number, and/or date of last transaction on our Services.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales or Sharing for Targeted Advertising
Unless you have exercised your
Right to Opt-Out
, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. The third parties to whom we sell or share personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt-Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of personal information “sales,” you may submit a request by clicking the link below:
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising networks, social media companies and other third party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information (including preferences, geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud detection and reporting and may sell or share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. To learn more about how third parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to those activities, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (targeted advertising), you may submit a request by clicking on the following link to be added to our suppression list:
Cookie Settings
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise your California Privacy Rights on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has permission to submit a request on your behalf or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney.
For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
“Shine the Light” Disclosures
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out of this type of sharing, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Notice of Financial Incentives
In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale, retention, and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you will have to affirmatively opt-in to the program and you can opt-out of each program (i.e., terminate participation and forgo the ongoing incentives) prospectively by following the instructions in the applicable program description and terms. We may add or change incentive programs, and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above, so check them regularly.
Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal information is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation that may be realized by rewarding brand loyalty. We calculate the value of the offer and financial incentive by using the expense related to the offer.
Minors
We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Please contact us at
privacy@klaviyo.com
to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16.
If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS (UNITED STATES)
If you are a resident of the State of Nevada in the United States, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To opt out of this kind of future sales, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request
.
Back to top ⬆︎
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM, AND SWITZERLAND
Klaviyo Group maintains operations in Europe and may direct our services to individuals located in the EEA, UK and Switzerland. In these instances, the following additional disclosures apply to our processing of personal data.
When we use the term “
personal data
” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
CONTROLLERS
Klaviyo, Inc. is the controller of your personal data.
In addition, Klaviyo Ltd and Klaviyo Ireland Limited are jointly responsible to process your personal data for the following reasons: perform our contractual services, as further described below.
A. LEGAL BASES FOR THE PROCESSING
We use your personal data based on the following legal grounds according to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “
EU GDPR
”) or, where applicable, the “
UK GDPR
” as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 GDPR:
Category of Data Subject
Personal Data Processed
Purposes of Processing
Legal Basis for Processing
• Customers, where the customer is a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address. You may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead
Account creation and profile information for a Klaviyo account
• Performance of a contract
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information about how you heard about us.
• If your company enters into a contractual relationship with us
• Deliver the Services you have requested, including facilitating your messages to other users or groups and for account and contract management (including customer support)
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
We will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type). If custom billing is arranged, the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well.
Processing payments for the Services
• Performance of a contract
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times, applicable marketing interests and communication preferences
• Communications with customers and users of Klaviyo.
• Marketing and Sales of our Services to individuals, including through email, direct mail, phone, video call, text message, or through other forms of communications platforms (i.e. WhatsApp)
• To send gifts to you
• Conduct marketing research
• Opportunity tracking, conversion, and lead generation
• Legitimate interest to communicate with and market to customers
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your username, email, and password. You may add a profile picture. When using the platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured.
To facilitate joining and administration of the Klaviyo Academy
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Academy to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Your account credentials, your Klaviyo account ID, email address and partner ID. Your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the Community and badges based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be managed in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function. Moreover, you may add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the Community.
Klaviyo Community – to facilitate participation in the Klaviyo network with other account holders and as required to administer the Klaviyo Community.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Community to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Personal information that you provide when you sign up (where available). This information includes your name, email, title, business phone number, company name, company URL and office address.
• Participation in the Klaviyo Partner program.
• To process your application to become a Klaviyo Partner and to administer the Klaviyo Partner program.
• Legitimate interest in providing the Klaviyo Partner program to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Name, email, and phone number), your company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions).
• Legitimate interest in communicating with customers and users and administering promotions to customers and users
• Consent
• Customers, if a natural person
• Users (who may be customer employees)
Log Data
: your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, local and language settings; session logging, heatmaps and scrolls; screen resolution, ISP, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services.
Analytics Data:
the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyze the interaction between you and your customer using our Services.
Digital Behavioral Data
: web page interactions (clicks, hovers, focus, mouse movements, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Sites, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Sites.
Location Data
:  your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect.
Platform Data:
If you have an account to use the services we may offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, internal marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifies (such as Salesforce ID and Klaviyo ID), NPS/account sentiments, Klaviyo Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, and integrations
• Administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our Customer base
• Test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems Help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business
• Enforce our
Terms of Service
, resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties
• Prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity
• Review our business performance
• Legitimate interest in enhancing and improving the Klaviyo Services
• Consent
• Performance of a Contract
• Comply with Legal Obligations
B. HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will usually store the personal data we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes as set above, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal data:
Contract
.
Where we are processing personal data is based on contract, we generally will retain your personal data for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from our contractual relationship.
Legitimate Interests
.
Where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account your fundamental interests and your rights and freedoms.
Consent
.
Where we are processing personal data based on your consent, we generally will retain your personal data until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfil the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal data.
Legal Obligation
.
Where we are processing personal data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain your personal data for the period of time necessary to fulfil the legal obligation.
Legal Claim
. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim or intent to establish a claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data.
C. MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our Services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email or via messaging platform. For some marketing messages, we may use personal data we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
We may send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so or where we have relied on the soft opt-in rule (where applicable).  If you wish to unsubscribe from such communication, please see the details set out above under “Control over Your Information”.
D. STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Security
. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal data we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
International Transfers of your Personal data
. The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Klaviyo, Inc. is located.
In the event of a transfer by Klaviyo, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “
Contact Us
” section of the Privacy Notice.
E. YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right to deletion
. You have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain certain information about our processing of your personal data which includes:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal data without undue delay, such as if the continued processing of that personal data is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal data. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests. There may be compelling reasons for us continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason at any time
.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the EU, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in:
the UK, your local data protection authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
Switzerland, your local data protection authorities is the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
Ireland, your local data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission (
https://www.dataprotection.ie/en/contact/how-contact-us
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please submit a request by filling out our
P
rivacy Rights Request Form
.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing, we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights to verify your identity.
12. EU-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-US DPF, AND THE SWISS-US DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK PRINCIPLES
Klaviyo complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Klaviyo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Klaviyo’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In the context of an onward transfer, Klaviyo has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the EU-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Klaviyo shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Klaviyo proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S DPF Principles, Klaviyo commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the EU-U.S DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and the Swiss-U.S Data Privacy Framework Principles. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact:
Privacy@klaviyo.com
Klaviyo has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework program to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
here
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles,
here
.
13.  CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about how Klaviyo uses your personal data, you can contact us:
Directly at
privacy@klaviyo.com
.
Via our appointed EU Representative, the European Data Protection Office (“
EDPO
”), by contacting the EDPO
on their online webform at:
Ireland (EU GDPR):
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
UK GDPR:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
Swiss FADP:
https://edpo.com/swiss-data-request/
by mail at the applicable address set forth below:
Ireland (EU):
EDPO
Ground Floor
71 Lower Baggot Street
Dublin D02 P593
IRELAND
United Kingdom:
EDPO UK
8 Northumberland Avenue
London WC2N 5BY
UNITED KINGDOM
Switzerland:
EDPO Switzerland
Rue de Lausanne 37
1201 Geneva
SWITZERLAND
Back to top ⬆︎
Previous versions:
October 10, 2023
June 29, 2023
December 9, 2022
December 30, 2019
Sub-policy 3
https://piano.io/privacy-policy/:
Products
Services
Industries
Resources
Company
Get started
Privacy Policy
Platform Privacy Policy
Online Tracking Policy
Platform Privacy Policy
We, Piano Software Inc., Philadelphia, US and affiliated companies belonging to Piano group (collectively, “
Piano”
, “we”, “us”, “our”, or “we”), formerly known as
Piano Media
,
Press Plus
and
Tinypass
and now incorporating
Newzmate
,
Cxense
and
AT Internet
are committed, as data processor, to partnering with customers and users to help them understand and comply with data protection regulations (GDPR, ePrivacy, CCPA, LGPD …).
Piano provides online products for digital activities, as well as potential additional services on behalf, and based on instructions of the data controller, owners, and publishers of digital platforms – websites, mobile applications, or any other connected platform (“
Publishers
”).
We collect, process and store personal data and other information through our products – Composer , Analytics , DMP , VX , ID and ESP (“
Platform
”), or when providing our service to Publishers (“
Service
”).Personal Data Management on the Platform
To provide the Platform and/or perform the Service, Piano collect, process and store data on behalf of the Publisher. The answers to the following questions allow us to explain how we manage personal data on the Platform.
What kind of personal data do we collect?
Raw ID-type information: for instance, the user-terminal ID (cookie or mobile ID), that is transformed in a hashed visitor ID, or the IP address, that can be anonymized, to perform geolocation for instance
All standard business information provided by the products of the Platform: for instance, navigation data (browser and device type, type of events or content, …), behavior information (sources, navigation path, time spent on contents, …), information related to registered or subscribed users (first name, last name, email, …)
Additional and specific information that the Publisher can collect: based on the technology used to collect data (see following “
How do we collect personal data?
”), the Publisher can measure, collect, and analyze any business relevant information for him via our Platform
Composer, Analytics, and DMP collect by default pseudonymized information, but directly identifiable information can be added by the Publisher. VX, ID and ESP services are working with directly identifiable information.
We therefore consider by default all data collected, processed, and stored via our Platform as personal data according to GDPR art. 4.1.
What do we do with personal data?
We process the collected data to provide the information requested by the Publisher on the Platform: audience measurement data, content orchestration, account management, subscription processes, …
What are we not doing with personal data?
As data processor, and respecting the terms of contracts and the data processing agreement (DPA) signed with the Publisher acting as data controller, we do not:
Sell personal data to anyone;
Monetize personal data by other means;
Claim ownership over personal data;
Barter personal data for other services or products.
We do not knowingly process personal data relating to children less than 13 years of age (or 16 if the age of consent is higher in a particular country) or permit Publishers to provide us with such data. If we become aware that a Publisher has provided us with any personal data of children, we delete such data from our databases.
We do not knowingly process sensitive or special categories of personal data as defined in article 9 of the GDPR.
How do we collect personal data?
Personal data is collected via so called tagging libraries (mainly JavaScript on the web and SDK for native application) implemented by the Publisher on its online platforms. See
Cookies and Similar Technologies
below for further details on complementary data collection methods.
When a user/data subject visit a Publisher platform, and according to the legal basis chosen by the Publisher (see
Purpose of Processing and Legal Basis
below), https requests are sent to Piano servers to perform the service requested by the Publisher.
How long do we store personal data?
Depending on the product of the Platform, or regarding specific legal obligation to perform (e.g., for payment with VX), the data retention period can be different and always agreed in the contract with the Publisher acting as data controller. Analytics, for instance, has a predefined data retention period of 25 months with the opportunity for the Publisher to customize it.
For all products, all data is deleted at the end of the contract relationship with the Publisher.
Where do we store personal data?
Depending on the product used by the Publisher, the data collected from the end-user can be stored in different places. Please see the Piano Sub-Processors’ table in the
Sub-processors and Affiliates
paragraph below, to see where the data is stored/hosted.
Do we share personal data?
We, by default, do not share any data to anyone without the Publisher prior approval.
We, however, may share personal data, with all the adequate technical and organizational measures to protect it, in the following cases:
Intragroup:
Only if necessary and for specific purposes, we may share personal data within affiliated companies belonging to Piano group (see
Sub-processors and Affiliates
below). Our employees might have access to personal data on a strictly need-to-know basis typically governed and limited by function, role, and department of the particular employee. All affiliated companies belonging to Piano group concluded an intra-group data processing agreement (DPA) with EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
Service providers:
We use sub-contractors who might process personal data for us and to support us in providing the Platform and Services requested by the Publisher (see
Sub-processors and Affiliates
below).
Legal disclosures:
We may have to release personal data and other information we possess when necessary or appropriate to comply with the law; cooperate with law enforcement or national security requirements; respond to lawful requests; protect the rights of Piano or a Publisher, other Piano customers, and users, and third parties; or to enforce our terms of use. However, in doing so, we may:
Dispute demands for release to the extent we believe, in our sole discretion, are unwarranted, illegitimate, or overbroad.
Will notify Publishers of any requests unless we have some contradictory orders.
Piano never had to disclose any personal data for legal purposes so far.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
To provide the products of the Platform, Piano is using trackers, especially cookies on standard websites, or mobile IDs on native applications. Local storage, server-to-server request, clear gifs, pixel tags, web beacons or other similar technologies may also be used in some cases.
You can access some information about the trackers used on and across all products (
Composer, VX, ID, ESP, DMP, Analytics)
under to the following link:
Piano Cookie Descriptions
Users can control the use of trackers on their devices via the following means:
Use the opt-out mechanism on the dedicated online platform provided by the Publisher
Use the device appropriate configuration (browser or cellphone Operating System – Apple or Android mainly – settings)
Our third-party partners may also use tracker, cookies, or similar technologies, to provide users advertising based upon user´s browsing activities and interests. Users can opt out of interest-based advertising click
here
, or if located in the EEA click
here
.
Purpose of Processing and Legal Basis
Publishers can use the Piano Platform and the associated Services for the following main purposes:
Understand the audience
Optimize content
Engage the audience
Monetize the online platform
Based on the main purposes observed in the digital marketing world, the following table synthesized for each purpose, what Piano product is by default aimed for, and what is the by default legal basis for seen on our side for this purpose:
Purpose
Product
Legal Basis
Audience and Analytics
Analytics, DMP
Consent under GPDR or Exemption under ePrivacy
Content Personalization or Performance
Composer, ESP
Consent under GDPR
Advertising (personalized or not)
DMP
Consent under GDPR
“One to one relationship” (account management, subscription, newsletter, …)
VX, ID, ESP
Consent or Contract under GDPR
IMPORTANT:
as a data controller, the Publisher can decide to use one or several products of the Platform for other purposes that the one foreseen originally, as well as to choose whatever legal basis he interprets to be the best in his specific case.
Each Publisher signs a data processing agreement (DPA) with Piano to formalize these purposes and associated responsibilities.
International Data Transfers
Depending on the products of the Platform used by the Publisher, as well as the potential additional services requested by him, data may be transferred outside of original country where the data has been collected.
Please see the hosting option by product within the Piano Sub-Processors’ table in the
Sub-processors and Affiliates
paragraph below, as well as the ‘Do we share personal data?’ part of the
Personal Data Management on the Platform
above.
To meet with European requirements under the GDPR in terms of data transfers, Piano uses the following mechanisms:
EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) through the data processing agreement (DPA) signed with the Publisher as well as with sub-processors;
Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs) approved for both controller and processors transfers;
Additional technical measures as encryption, pseudonymization or anonymization of the data.
To meet the guidelines of the PIPEDA in the applicable Canadian provincial legislation, Piano recognizes and has controls in place to ensure that the privacy of personal information about an “identifiable individual” used in the course of “commercial activity” is protected and managed in the appropriate way.
Check the adequacy decisions under the GDPR, as well as the data protection around the world
here
.
Data Subject’s Rights
The GDPR, as many privacy laws around the word, empower data subject rights on its personal data. Piano’s Platform enable Publishers to apply these rights to what is applicable regarding the data collected for their purposes (see
Purpose of Processing and Legal Basis
above).
The following table list all the main applicable rights regarding online data that and end-user can request to Publishers, and where Piano provide standard solutions to these Publishers.
Data Subject Right
Product
Mean
Information
All
Via Publishers’ information (CMP, Privacy Policy, …)
Access
All
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Rectification
DMP, VX, ID, ESP
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Erasure
All
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Portability
All
Via a request to the Publisher’s DPO
Object
All
Via opt-out mechanism provided by the Publisher
Piano’s data protection team is able to support the process of applying a data subject right.
Please contact
privacy@piano.io
, or any other communication channel listed in
Data Protection Officer and Point of Contact
below, for any further information.
Data Breaches and Security Measures
Data Breaches
Piano maintains an incident response plan which governs the communication and process in the case of a data breach. Contractually this is covered between Piano and all Publishers, in the Master Service Agreement.
Security Measures
Piano security measures by pseudonymization and encryption of personal data; maintaining a detailed DRP to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services which in turn allows Piano to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident. Piano maintains a process for regularly testing, assessing, and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
For more information visit our
Security documentation
.
Sub-processors and Affiliates
Piano Sub-Processors
To support delivery of our Platform, we may engage and use data processors with access to certain Publisher’s Customer Data (“
Sub-processor
”).
The following table provides information about the identity, location, and role of core Sub-processors necessary to provide products of our platform:
Entity name
Sub-processing activities
Entity (hosting) country
Products
Amazon Web Services, Inc.*
Cloud Service Provider
USA (hosting option in the EU, US, Australia, and Japan)
Composer, VX, ID, ESP, Analytics (EU)
Braintree
Payment Provider
United States
Composer, VX, ID
Google Inc.
Cloud Service Provider (for logs only)
United States
Composer, VX, ID, ESP
Hetzner Online GmbH
Data center provider
Germany
DMP
Microsoft Azure
Cloud Service Provider (Operations)
United States (hosting EU, US, Japan)
ESP, DMP
Packet Host, Inc.
Data center provider
United States
DMP
Snowflake Computing, Inc.
Data platform solution
USA (hosted in the EU)
Analytics
SoftLayer Technologies, Inc. (IBM Cloud)
Data center provider
United States
DMP
* AWS is certified for following the CISPE code of conduct endorsed by the
EDPB
.
Piano may use the following Sub-processors to perform other services around the Platform:
Entity name
Sub-processing activities
Entity (hosting) country
Products
Agent Infinity, Inc.
Global technical support team
Philippines
All
Alchemer
Survey Collection for Strategic Consulting
United States
Composer, VX, ID for Strategic Services clients only
Enreach Solutions Oy
Data segmentation provider
Finland
DMP
Google Inc.
Cloud Service Provider
United States
Composer, VX, ID
Google Ireland, Ltd.
Data backup storage
Ireland
DMP
MailChimp, Rocket Science Group
Cloud-based Email Notification Services
United States
VX
Mailgun Technologies, Inc
Cloud-based Email Notification Services
United States
ESP
Mode Analytics
Analytics Visualizations
United States
Composer, VX, ID
Salesforce.com France SAS
B2B Marketing automation (marketing & product communications to prospects and customers)
United States
Analytics
Zendesk, Inc.
Cloud-based Customer Support Services
United States (hosted in the EU)
Composer, VX, ID, ESP, DMP, Analytics
Prior engaging any third-party Sub-processor, Piano performs diligence to evaluate their privacy, security, and confidentiality practices, and executes an agreement implementing its applicable obligations.
Piano Affiliates
Piano has offices located around the globe who, depending on the Service required by the Publisher, may process its data:
Entity Name
Country (GDPR transfer mechanism)
Applied Technologies Internet GmbH
Germany (EU)
Applied Technologies Internet SAS
France (EU)
Newzmate Sp. z o.o.
Poland (EU)
Piano Japan Co. Ltd
Japan (Adequacy decision)
Piano Software B.V.
Netherlands (EU)
Piano Software GmbH
Germany (EU)
Piano Software Inc.
United States of America (BCR)
Piano Software LTD
United Kingdom (Adequacy decision)
Piano Software Norway NUF
Norway (EEA)
Piano Software s.r.o
Slovakia (EU)
PSIEZE Data Analytics S.R.L.
Argentina (Adequacy decision)
SocialFlow Inc.
United States of America
Piano affiliates don’t have automatic access to all Platform data. The access of Platform data is managed and strictly limited to what is necessary. BCR details are available
here
.
Data Protection Officer and Point of Contact
For all questions related to our privacy policy and how Piano collects, processes and stores personal data, please feel free to contact the appointed Data Protection Officer (“
DPO
”):
Email:
privacy@piano.io
Mail: Attn: Piano Software Group DPO
Štefánikova 14
Bratislava, 811 05
Slovakia (EU)
For specific request by legal authorities, courts, government agencies, or parties involved in litigation for customer data, disclosures should include the following information:
The requesting party;
The relevant criminal or civil matter;
A description of the specific Publisher’s data being requested, including the relevant Publisher’s name and relevant authorized user’s name (if applicable).
Requests should be prepared and served in accordance with applicable law. All requests should be narrow and focused on the specific customer data sought. All requests will be construed narrowly by Piano, so please do not submit unnecessarily broad requests.
Piano will notify the Publisher before disclosing any of its data so that the Publisher may seek protection from such disclosure unless Piano is prohibited from doing so or there is a clear indication of illegal conduct or risk of harm to people or property associated with the use of such Publisher’s data.
Privacy Policy Change Log
This Platform Privacy Policy includes information previously incorporated in documents “Piano and GDPR” and “Privacy Policy” of Piano Group.
If you need information about previous wording of both documents, please visit following references:
Archive of Privacy Policies
Privacy Policy – Effective from Nov 1, 2020 - Apr 06, 2022
Privacy Policy – Effective from Jul 1, 2020 - Oct 31, 2020
Privacy Policy – Effective from Apr 1, 2019 - Jun 30, 2020
Privacy Policy – Effective from Feb 15, 2019 - Mar 01, 2019
Privacy Policy – Effective from Dec 01, 2018 - Feb 14, 2019
Privacy Policy – Effective from May 23, 2018 - Nov 30, 2018
Archive of "Piano and GDPR"
GDPR – Effective from Jan 29, 2021
GDPR – Effective from Dec 1, 2020
GDPR – Effective from Jun 24, 2020
GDPR – Effective from Apr 01, 2019
GDPR – Effective from Feb 15, 2019
GDPR – Effective from May 23, 2018
Online Tracking Policy
This Online Tracking Policy:
explains how Piano Software Inc., Philadelphia, US   and affiliated companies belonging to Piano group (collectively, “
Piano
”, “us”, “our”, or “we”) use cookies, pixels and similar tracking tools at Piano when using and operating our websites, social media profiles, applications, when we send out direct marketing communication or newsletters or generally when we communicate with our online audience;
mainly concerns websites related to the domain
www.piano.io
but also any other websites, channels, profiles or online tracking tools operated by us;
supplements and applies jointly with the Corporate Privacy Policy;
does not apply to provisions of our services (please see or
Platform Privacy Policy
) where we act as data processors for our clients and/or customers.
1. Us, our DPO and our contact details
The primary controller is
Piano Software, Inc.
, located at 111 S Independence Mall East, Suite 950, Philadelphia, PA 19106, US as the main Piano group entity. Piano group entity consists of other subsidiaries and affiliates listed in our Corporate or Platform Privacy Policy that operate their own websites or undertake their own online tracking. Generally, Piano group entities act as joint controllers when doing so (details can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules – Controller purposes). Therefore, this Online Tracking Policy covers any online tracking undertaken by any Piano group entity. Our group-wide DPO can be provided by email at:
privacy@piano.io
or by post at 111 S Independence Mall, Philadelphia, PA 19106, US.  .
What types of online tracking tools do we use?
Generally, we distinguish between online tracking tools that are necessary for provision of the information society service that the user requested (such as our websites, online profiles, newsletters) and those online tracking tools that are not necessary for provision of such service. Those necessary tools might be understood as “
necessary or functional tools
” and those other tools might be understood as “
analytical or advertisement tools
”.
We do not apply this Online Tracking Policy just to cookies but to any technology that might fall under Article 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive. EDPB explains in its
Guidelines 2/2023
that such regulation might cover: URL and pixel tracking; local processing; tracking based on IP only; intermittent and mediated Internet of Things (IoT) reporting; using unique identifiers.
In accordance with Article 5 (3) of the ePrivacy Directive, we rely on
prior consent
when using analytical or advertisement tools, unless the local law allow an exemption from this rule. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. With the necessary or functional tools, we do not rely on consent and generally rely on
contract performance or our legitimate interests
when processing your personal data.
What are our purposes of processing and legal bases?
We use online tracking use for the following purposes and based on the following legal grounds:
Purpose of processing
Online tracking tool
Legal basis
Provision of the information society service
Necessary or functional tools
Legitimate interest
Direct marketing and PR purposes
Analytical or advertisement tools
Consent or legitimate interest
The above purposes can be described in more detail as follows:
Purpose of the processing
Detailed description of the purpose
Provision of the information society service
Optimal functioning of the website.
Includes processing necessary and functional cookies and other tools used for basic functions of our websites, such as loading the next page, staying logged in, remembering selected language settings or configuration of active third-party plug-ins.
Website Security.
We use cookies and tools which contribute to the protection against bots and to activate the protection of websites against DoS / DDoS cyber-attacks. For example, Cloudflare is used to read and filter robot requests.
Basic website traffic measurement.
We obtain and evaluate basic statistics about the use of our websites, without the possibility of sharing them with a third party and using them for marketing analytics purposes. According to CNIL, such limited / basic traffic website measurement does not require opt-in consent.
Communication.
If you leave feedback or fill-out form on our websites to contact you, we regard this as a pre-contractual communication via our website or profiles that allow us to contact you either on the contract performance or legitimate interest basis.
Direct marketing & PR purposes
Personalized advertising.
Third-party tools (such as LinkedIn cookies, pixels, and SDKs) are used for targeting our advertising campaigns and displaying ads on social networks or other platforms.
Audience measurement.
We use analytics tools (such as Commanders Act, 6sense, LinkedIn, Salesforce Account Engagement, Google, Piano Analytics) to better understand and interpret customer data, the way they use our services and websites, or measure success of our advertising campaigns and then use them to target advertising. As part of this, customers may also be segmented into different demographic groups to which their ad campaigns are tailored.
Direct marketing communication (newsletter).
Sending out direct marketing communication generally requires consent. However, some local laws allow direct marketing communication without the consent of the existing customers. You can always opt-out from newsletter using a link in a footnote or by contacting us.
Raising awareness in an online environment.
We operate a number of social media profiles to raise awareness about us in an online environment. If you interact with us using these profiles, we use online tracking tools including cookies of platform providers to communicate, respond or otherwise interact with you.
Consent settings.
We use cookies and tools that remember your consent preference settings.
We rely on following legitimate interests:
Optimal functioning of the website;
Website security;
Basic website traffic measurement;
Communication based on filled out contact forms;
Direct marketing communication (newsletter) (where the consent is not required);
Raising awareness in an online environment;
Consent settings.
Which specific cookies do we use?
On this specific website (www.piano.io), we use the following cookies:
Cookie name
Expiry
Transfer to 3rd country
Purpose of processing: Provision of the information society service
Type of cookies: Necessary or functional
_ablocker
1 day
Unknown
_cfduid
session
Unknown
cookie_test
1 day
YES - Ecuador
CookieConsent
1 year
YES - USA
JSESSIONID
session
Unknown or n/a
tc_test_cookie
session
YES - USA
TCPID
1 year
YES - USA
visitor_id#-hash
1 year
YES - USA
_cf_bm
1 year
YES - USA
pa_privacy
13 months
YES - USA
Purpose of processing: Statistic cookies
_ls_sit
persistent
YES - Ecuador
_acid
13 months
YES - USA
_pcx
13 months
YES - Ecuador, USA
pa_user
session
YES - USA
uuid
2 years
YES - UK
Purpose of processing: Direct marketing & PR purposes
Type of cookies: Analytical or advertisement or statistics (marketing cookies)
_pat
30 days
n/a
pvi
1 day
n/a
tbc
2 years
n/a
cX_aft
persistent
YES - Ecuador
cX_lastP1Time
persistent
YES - Ecuador
cX_lst
persistent
YES - Ecuador
cX_s
session
YES - Ecuador
gd_session
1 day
YES - Ireland
gd_visitor
2 years
YES - Ireland
6suuid
400 days
n/a
cX_G
13 months
YES - Ecuador
cX_P
13 months
YES - Ecuador
gckp
1 year
YES - USA
pardot
session
YES - USA
Rep/rep.gif
session
No
v1/beacon/img.gif
session
YES - Ireland
visitor_id#
1 year
YES - USA
xbc
2 years
n/a
Type of cookies: Unclassified cookies
_ppabc
3 months
n/a
to_gaAccount
persistent
n/a
_fcus
13 months
n/a
FDLBCLTY
session
YES - USA
STXXXKEY_language
1 year
n/a
What online tracking tools and vendors we use?
We use the following online tracking tools and vendors.
Online tracking tool
Use
Vendors
Vendor's privacy policy
6sense
– Account based marketing platform which allows us to analyze anonymous buying behavior and engage with new accounts as they visit our websites.
Audience measurement
6Sense Insights, Inc.
450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA, 94105
Privacy policy
Facebook Pixel
- Allows better segmentation of the audience in order to personalize the editorial content and provide ads tailored to the audience on the Facebook social network.
Audience measurement & personalized advertising
Meta Platforms, Inc.
1601 Willow Rd Menlo Park, CA 94025
Privacy policy
Fjord Technologies (Commanders Act)
- Consent and Tag Management Platform
Consent settings
Commanders Act
3 Rue Taylor, 75010 Paris
Privacy policy
LinkedIn Insight Tag
- Allows for better audience segmentation to personalize editorial content and provide audience-specific ads on the LinkedIn social network.
Audience measurement & personalized advertising
LinkedIn Corporation
1000 W Maude Ave Sunnyvale, CA 94085
Privacy policy
Salesforce.com France SAS (Account Engagement)
– Allows us to automate marketing tasks such as sending emailing, publishing content, displaying forms, identifying and managing prospects etc. (Marketing automation)
Audience measurement & personalized advertising
Salesforce.com France SAS
3 Avenue Octave Gréard - 75007 Paris
Privacy policy
Piano Analytics
- Allows better segmentation of the audience in order to personalize the content and provide relevant information to the audience
Audience measurement
Piano Software, Inc.
111 S Independence Mall East, Suite 950 Philadelphia, PA 19106
Privacy policy
Google Ads
- Enables us to display our ads on third-party sites viewed by visitors who have already visited our website
Personalized advertising
Google LLC
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043
Privacy policy
Please read privacy policies of our vendors carefully. Our vendors provide services to as processors, however, some like Google, Meta/Facebook and Microsoft also declare controllership over your personal data. These vendors via their cookies or other online tracking tools, will collect and use your browsing data for their own purposes, in accordance with their privacy policy.
How to manage your consent?
Through the interaction with the "Manage cookies" or “Privacy Center” on our websites, you can change your consent preferences with online tracking tools at any time. By default, your consent preferences are turned off, i.e. your consent is not automatically granted or ticked. Only by changing this default settings, you grant us valid consent. If you allow cookies or grant us cookie-related consent anywhere on our website, these consents are granted for direct marketing & PR purposes, as explained above including Personalized advertising & Audience measurement.
The setting changes take effect immediately. You can also revoke your consent by making a request sent to
privacy@piano.io
, but this process is not immediate and automatic. We therefore recommend that you change the settings directly on the website as described above.
Change your consent preferences
How to prevent cookies from being stored on your device?
If you do not give your consent through our cookie pop-up (in terms of applicable types of cookies), these cookies will not be stored on your device. Disabled analytics and advertisement cookies have no impact on the functionality of the website. You can delete all types of cookies at any time through the settings of your internet browser, but if you delete even the necessary cookies, some settings and functions of our website may not work optimally.
In relation to specific analytics and advertisement cookies of third parties, it is also possible to use the so-called opt-out mechanisms by which you prevent the use of specific third-party cookies not only in relation to our website, but in general to the use of any other websites, or in relation to specific social networks that you use and have set up your own user account.
Google and many other third parties involved in displaying personalized behavioral advertising on the Internet
If you do not want to display personalized ads, you can use the initiative www.youronlinechoices.com.
By controlling preferences
, you can disable multiple cookies to display these ads in relation to the participating companies that use cookies. Turning them off does not mean that your ad will no longer be shown to you but will not be based on your behavior.
Facebook (Meta)
If you have your own Facebook account, you can also use the cookie management controls integrated directly into this social network, which are available here:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/cookie
At the same time, through the settings of your internet browser, it is possible to delete those cookies that are stored in your browser. Follow the information below, depending on which browser you're using:
Google Chrome
Safari (iPhone)
Safari (Mac)
Mozilla Firefox
Samsung Internet (Mobile)
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Opera
If you want to increase your protection against unauthorized monitoring of your device and behavior on the Internet through cookies (especially third parties), use the "Do Not Track" function (or Blocking third party cookies), which you can turn on according to the type of browser used according to the following instructions:
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Google Chrome
Safari
Opera
Do we transfer your data to third countries outside the EU / EEA?
Yes, but only to the minimal extent necessary for operation of our business or provision of services. Some of our suppliers, which we use when using cookies, have their registered office or their other group companies are established in the United States of America, which is generally considered to be a third country which does not guarantee an adequate level of the personal data protection. In many cases, the data may not physically leave servers located in the EU, but processing due to the supplier's location may be subject to the law of a third country. We therefore carry out these cross-border transfers only in strict accordance with the law (in particular the GDPR) and local data protection legislation and only if, in our conclusions and findings, sufficient risk mitigation measures and safeguards are taken for the protection of fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subjects, as required by the Court of Justice in Case C-311/18 (Schrems II).
With external vendors, we generally prefer to rely on the EU standard contractual clauses (the “EU SCC”) or vendor’s BCRs instead of EU-US Data Privacy Framework. Before the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, EU SCC were concluded practically with all our US-based sub-contractors or recipients (such as Google, Meta/Facebook, Amazon or Microsoft). Currently, many of these US-based vendors are on the “Data Privacy Framework List” with active certifications but with EU SCC still validly concluded with us. We refer to these concluded and valid EU SCC below.
We can also transfer personal data to our processors operating from Canada based on European Commission´s adequacy decision and we also rely on the European Commission's decision on adequacy in relation to Japan and Commission´s decision on adequacy in relation to UK
Supplier / Third-Party
Appropriate safeguards and supplementary measures for cross-border transfers to third countries
Google LLC, with registered seat 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy Mountain View, CA 94043, US
(Google Ads - Personalized advertising)
Google's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
New type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant decision of the European Commission (module 1 and module 2) and appropriate
additional measures
with further explanation of the settings.
Meta Platforms, Inc., with registered seat 1601 Willow Rd Menlo Park, CA 94025, US
(Audience measurement & personalized advertising)
Facebook's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
- EU SCC – available
here
LinkedIn Corporation with registered seat 1000 W Maude Ave Sunnyvale, CA 94085, US
(Audience measurement & personalized advertising)
LinkedIn's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
A new type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant European Commission decision is used (module 2), which also describes the additional measures taken.
6Sense Insights, Inc., with registered seat 450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA, 94105, US
(Audience measurement)
Privacy Policy | 6sense
Data Privacy Framework
Commanders Act, with registered seat 3 Rue Taylor, 75010 Paris
(Consent settings)
Commanders Act's Privacy policy
A new type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant European Commission
Salesforce.com France SAS with registered seat 3 Avenue Octave Gréard - 75007 Paris
(Audience measurement & personalized advertising)
Salesforce.com's Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
EU SCC – available here:
data-processing-addendum.pdf
Piano Software, Inc. with registered seat 111 S Independence Mall East, Suite 950 Philadelphia, PA 19106, US
(Audience measurement)
Piano Software, Inc.'s Privacy Policy
A new type of
standard contractual clauses
approved by the relevant European Commission decision is used (module 2), which also describes the additional measures taken.
Microsoft Corporation, with registered seat Redmond Washington 98052-6399, US
(Audience measurement)
Microsoft's Privacy Policy
Approved adequacy mechanism - self-certification
EU SCC – available here:
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/offerings-eu-model-clauses?view=o365-worldwide
Is the use of online tracking tools contractual or legal requirement?
Use of online tracking tool is not a legal requirement. However, the use of necessary and functional tracking tools can be considered necessary for the provision of the information society services (for example this website) applicable to you during your visit and usage of our website. If we did not use such tools this would have certain negative effects on your experience and the proper working of website functionalities and third-party add-ons or plug-ins integrated to our website. Basic website functionalities will always work but as a consequence may be worse or sub-optimal  as a result of the configuration of settings stemmed from your cookie preferences and choices made. In the case of analytics or advertisement tracking tools, their provision is exclusively voluntary and is governed by the granting or non-granting of your consent. Failure to give this consent has no negative consequences for you.
Do we use online tracking tools in relation to our social media profiles?
Yes. Please read relevant privacy policies to better understand processing of your personal data by providers of social media platforms. We only have standard admin control over the personal data processed by us via our own company profile. We assume that by using these social media platforms, you understand that your personal data might be processed for other purposes and that your personal data might by transferred to other third countries and third parties by providers of social media platforms.
Meta / Facebook
In connection with the processing of statistical data on the use of our Facebook profile, we have the status of a joint controller with Meta Platforms, Inc., while basic information on the agreement of joint controllers pursuant Art. 26 (1) and (2) can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Our social media add-ons are integrated on our website. You will recognize them by the Meta logo on the website. When you visit our website, Meta receives information that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you click on the Meta icon available on our website while you are signed in and / or registered to your Meta account, the content of the website is redirected to your Meta profile. Consequently, Meta may associate your visit to your website with your user account. Data is transferred regardless of whether you have a Meta account or not. Please note that when using our website, we have no influence on the data collected and the data processing processes, and we also do not know the overall scope of the data being collected, the purpose of the processing or the data processing of such data. Meta stores your information about you as user profiles and uses it for your own advertising, market research, and / or customizing services and tools to registered users. Such evaluation is performed in order to inform other Meta users of your activities on our website. You are entitled to object against the creation of such user profiles, and you must contact Meta to lodge an objection against that processing. We always recommend you sign out of your Meta account, especially to avoid associating your online activity with your profile. For more information about the purpose and scope of your data discovery and processing by Meta, please visit the Meta Privacy Statement at:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
We would also like to inform you that we can use the services provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, which are labelled as “data file custom audiences” – the management of the audience for advertising campaigns, and may combine the data we process with personal data processed in Facebook and “measurement and analytics”, in which Facebook processes personal data on our behalf to measure the performance and reach of our advertising campaigns and provide us with user reports that have seen and responded to our advertising content. Therefore, this processing of your personal data may occur if you interact with our advertising content or our websites as you use your Facebook-based user profile. In such cases, we use Facebook as the processor, using the following legal safeguards to process your personal data:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/businesstools
,
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing
.
If the above-described processing of personal data interferes with you, you can object to it or you can also use the available self-regulatory tools developed for the online marketing sector, available here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices or www.youronlinechoices.eu. These online tools allow you to automatically identify and delete third-party digital identifiers (including those from Facebook) in your browser, thereby preventing your personal data from being processed.
LinkedIn
Our website also has an integrated plug-in of the LinkedIn social network, which is operated by LinkedIn Company, Inc., 1000 W Maude Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA. Vestberry has no influence on the processing of your personal data by LinkedIn as controller of this social network nor control except common administration of our profile available here:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/piano-io
. For more information on the processing of your personal data, you can use the link:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
We can use LinkedIn also as our processor during support the sales, recruiting, marketing, educational or other business practices aimed on increasing awareness of Piano Software in online environment towards relevant professional audience based on this Data Processing Addendum:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa
X Corp./Twitter
Our website also has an integrated plug-in of the platform “X” (formerly known as Twitter) - social network, which is operated by X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. Piano has no influence on the processing of your personal data by X as controller of this social network nor control except common administration of our profile available here:
https://twitter.com/piano_io
. For more information on the processing of your personal data, you can use the link:
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
What rights do you have?
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and the withdrawal of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the consent processing prior to its withdrawal.
You also have a right to object to any direct marketing processing of your personal data including profiling. You have right to object to any processing that is based on legitimate interest including to profiling based on such legitimate interest pursuant to the Article 21 GDPR.
In case of exercising the right, we will gladly demonstrate to you how we have evaluated these legitimate interests as compelling over the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
The GDPR lays down general conditions for the exercise of your individual rights. However, their existence does not automatically mean that they will be accepted by us because in a particular case exception may apply. Some rights are linked to specific conditions that do not have to be met in every case. Your request for an enforcing specific right will always be dealt with and examined in terms of legal regulations and applicable exemptions. Among others, you have:
Right to request access to your personal data according to Article 15 of the GDPR. This right includes the right to confirm whether we process personal data about you, the right to access to personal data and the right to obtain a copy of the personal data we process about you if it is technically feasible.
Right to rectification according to Article 16 of the GDPR, if we process incomplete or inaccurate personal data about you.
Right to erasure of personal data according to Article of the 17 GDPR, if one of the conditions for erasure is fulfilled and no exception applies.
Right to restriction of processing according to Article 18 GDPR, if one of the conditions for restriction is fulfilled.
The right to data portability according to Article 20 of the GDPR, if the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) GDPR. Your California Privacy Rights: California residents under 18 years old, in certain circumstances, may request and obtain removal of personal information or content that they have posted on our website. Please be mindful that this would not ensure complete removal of the content posted by you on our website. To make any request pursuant to California privacy law, please contact us using the information provided below. You have a right to lodge a complaint related to personal data to the relevant data protection supervisory authority or apply for judicial remedy. Please note that our competent (leading) data protection authority is the Office for Protection of Personal Data of the Slovak Republic. In any case we advise to primarily consult us with your questions or requests.
Changes to this Online Tracking Policy
We may change this online tracking policy on time to time by posting the most current privacy policy and its effective date on our website. In case we change this cookie policy substantially, we may bring such changes to your attention by explicit notice, on our websites or by email.
April 2024
Piano Software, Inc.
Empower every team to understand and influence customer behavior.
Documentation
Request a demo
Platform
Overview
Building on Piano
Audience
Customer Data Integration
Customer Data Segmentation
Customer Data Activation
Analytics
Data Democratization
Data Management
Data Sources
Data Mining
Data Unification
Activation
Journey Orchestration
Subscription Management
Print Subscriptions
Identity Management
Amplifier
Social Media Distribution
Newsletters + Notifications
Campaign Optimization
Services
Industries
Media
Transportation
Financial Services
Resources
Company
Why Piano
About Us
Partners
Leadership
Careers
Documentation
Request a demo
Newsletter sign-up
Login
DMCA Notice
PRIVACY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
STATUS
© 2024 PIANO SOFTWARE INC
Sub-policy 4
https://www.chargebee.com/privacy/:
Join us at Beelieve ’25 on April 8-9 in San Francisco!
Discover stories of monetization, growth, and reinvention in the age of AI.
Learn more
English
English
Deutsch
Dutch
Français
Chargebee Privacy Notice
Effective Date: 18 Jul 2024
For prior version, please
click here
CHARGEBEE INC.
(“Chargebee”, "We", "Us" or "Our") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice describes how Chargebee collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes the personal information of individuals covered by this Privacy Notice, including choices and rights available to such individuals with respect to their personal information.
This Privacy Notice applies to all customers and end customers of Our products and services, visitors of www.chargebee.com, www.brightback.com www.rev-lock.com and www.numberz.co (“Website”) and individuals who engage with us or We engage with, whereby We control or determine the means and purposes of processing their personal information (“You” or “Your”). Such engagement includes but is not limited to availing Our products and services, engaging with Us for recruitment purposes, attending events that We host and any other engagement with Us relating to sales, marketing and research purposes, including when we engage with our partner and service providers. It applies to personal information that We may either collect directly from You or from third parties, in certain cases.
We encourage You to read this Privacy Notice in conjunction with any other information that We may provide to You at the time of collection or processing of Your personal information, including in the form of notices specific to such engagement.
Our Website is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 16 years or who are otherwise considered as minors under the law they are subject to, and consequently, such individuals are prohibited from using Our Website or engaging with Us. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from such individuals and You are also prohibited from sharing personal information pertaining to such individuals to Us. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe Your child has given Us information and You did not provide consent, please contact Us at the email and address provided below under “Contact Us.
What personal information do We collect about You?
Depending on who You are and how We are engaging with You, We may collect information including:
Personal identifiers such as name, email address, contact number, mailing address, identification number, signature;
General information such as location data, title, position, industry, area of work;.
Online identifiers such asIP address, device identifier, browser identifier, internet service provider, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, geolocation data, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, log files and mobile ad identifiers or similar technology, unique pseudonyms and other persistent and probabilistic identifiers that can be used to identify a particular individual or device;
Internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding Your interaction with an internet website or use of a website, application or advertisement, information from analytics services (such as Google and Visual Website Optimiser);
Engagement specific information such as
Educational qualifications, work experience, skills, employment history, remuneration, CV/resume, insurance information, health information, credit references, background verification details and results, criminal history for recruitment purposes,
communication and general preferences, interview and survey responses, opinions and feedback for research purposes, and
payment related information such as billing address, shipping address, cardholder details, card number, bank account number and other financial information;
Sensitive personal information or special category of personal information such as Your social security number, state identification card, passport number, geolocation data, government identification, biometric information for identification, criminal history data, health information, or any other such category of personal information that are considered as sensitive personal information or special category of personal information under relevant privacy laws. For sensitive personal information, We obtain affirmative express consent from You if such information is to be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by You through the exercise of opt-in choice. We treat as sensitive any personal information received from a third party where the third party identifies and treats it as sensitive; and.
Other personal information which You may provide Us or We may collect about You from You or third parties as part of the engagement with You or in order to engage with You.
How do We collect Your personal information?
We may collect Your personal information in various ways, which could either be directly from You or from third parties.
We may collect personal information directly from You at the time of registration for Our products and services, events that We sponsor or host, through forms You submit on Our website, blogs and other forums We host or manage, when You enter information on our Website or through cookies and other internet identifiers.
We may collect personal information about You from publicly available sources or third parties such as from our business partners, event organizers, platforms and other service providers, including from single sign-on services, database services and social media websites. In such cases, We rely on the third party’s commitment that You have authorized the disclosure of such personal information to Us.
On what basis do We collect Your personal information?
In most cases, We collect Your personal information on the basis of Your desire to avail a particular service from Us or engage with Us, including to complete a transaction using our platform. Therefore, our processing in many cases occurs on the basis of Your consent or the need to perform a contract or commitment that We may have with You. However, in addition to this, there are other bases on which We may collect or process Your personal information. These are as follows:
For compliance with legal obligations, including for business accounting and tax purposes such as in relation to record-keeping, compliance, disputes, and filings;
Legitimate interest, where We have assessed that it is beneficial to You and is in Our legitimate business interest.
Any other legal basis relevant to the specific personal information as permitted under applicable law.
What do We use Your personal information for?
We may use Your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide, improve and develop our products, services and Website:
This includes delivering our products and services to You, administering Your account, operating our Products and ensuring its availability, integrity and security, performance monitoring, debugging, administering our Website, processing payments from You, maintaining KYC details, preventing misuse of our products, services and websites or violation of terms, responding to Your service requests and queries, providing analytics or reports to You with respect to Your use of Our products and services, tracking renewals and Your subscription details, assessing Your business needs and proposing or demonstrating Our other suitable products, understanding Your usage patterns and behaviour within Our products and Websites, compiling statistical reports and insights on Your usage patterns and behaviour, develop new products and services, improve user experience and interface and for such other internal purposes to improve, enhance, support, develop and operate Our products, services, Websites and business.
To process registrations and complete transactions:
This includes processing Your personal information with respect to Our events, webinars, contests, blogs, community forums, and other programs that You register or sign-up for, such as to process any payments from You in relation to such registration or sign-up, reaching out to You with details of such registration or sign-up and enabling Your use of such registrations and sign-ups. It also includes completing any specific transactions for You have submitted any forms or information to Us, such as, to list You or Your product on Our marketplace, allowing You to download certain collaterals from our Website.
To comply with business and legal obligations:
This includes business accounting, tax, auditing, compliance, recordkeeping, legal functions, to consider and implement mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcies, and other business transactions such as financings, preventing violation of laws and limiting Our damages, responding to and compliance with legal requests from administrative, judicial and other authorities and regulators, including Our obligation to screen prospective customers, customers, end customers and individuals for compliance with sanctions regulations, pursuing legal remedies, to respond to or disclose as part of judicial proceedings, arbitration and mediation.
To ensure security and for protection of rights:
To protect our products, services and business operations; to ensure safety and protect the rights and property of Chargebee or those of our stakeholders; to prevent and detect fraud, unauthorized activities and access, and other misuse; where We believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety or legal rights of any person or third party, or violations of our Terms of Service.
For sales and marketing activities:
This includes marketing communications, campaigns and drives to reach out to customers and potential customers, contextualizing and personalizing marketing content, sending product and organization updates and newsletters, sending rewards, incentives, gifts and vouchers, send information and updates to You pertaining to Your usage, publishing Your testimonials, comments or reviews from and on our Website, blogs and community forums, publishing case studies, blog posts and other marketing content, hosting webinars, events and other programs, taking and publishing photographs, videos and information about the events, showing personalized and behavioural advertisements and analyzing Your usage and behaviour patterns.
For business and research purposes:
This includes reaching out for and conducting surveys, setting up interviews, soliciting feedback, analysing usage and behaviour patterns, learning preferences and sending incentives.
For recruitment activities:
This includes evaluation for job openings, retaining information for future job opportunities and reaching out with respect to any job opportunities.
For other company initiatives:
This includes processing information in relation to CSR and community building initiatives, responsible disclosure policy or bug bounty program, and other specific initiatives and programs that We host or organize.
For cookies that We process, You may refer to our cookie policy for more details, which can be accessed in the section “How We use cookies” when You click the shield widget  available on the bottom left corner of our Website.
How do We protect Your information?
We implement a variety of security measures designed to help maintain the security of Your personal information when We process the same.
How long do We keep Your personal information?
We retain Your personal information for a period of time consistent with the purpose of collection and processing, as required to fulfill our legal obligations as well as for enforcing Our agreements. We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information, whether We can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and any applicable legal requirements. For example, We will retain certain identifiers for as long as it is necessary to continue maintaining Your account and providing You our products and services, to comply with Our tax, accounting, and record-keeping obligations, to administer certain warranties, and for research, development, and safety purposes, as well as an additional period as necessary to protect, defend, or establish Our rights, defend against potential claims, and to comply with Our legal obligations.
Typically after expiry of the applicable retention periods, Your personal information will be deleted, unless such deletion is rendered impractical or unreasonably burdensome due technical or other reasons, including where it becomes technically impossible, data retained as part of automatic archiving and back-up procedures, In such cases where any information is retained, We will implement appropriate measures designed to prevent misuse of such information. In certain circumstances, We may anonymize Your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with You, in which case We may use such information without further notice to You.
Do We share Your information with third parties?
Yes, We may share Your information with third parties listed below for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice, subject to a lawful basis and in compliance with applicable laws  (including, as applicable, after providing You additional notice, or obtaining Your consent).
Our affiliates and companies We acquire in future:
They assist in provision of Our products and services as well as with other business needs and purposes.
Vendors and service providers:
They provide services to help us with our business activities such as research, analyzing Your usage patterns and behaviour and compiling insights, showing personalized advertisements, marketing, data enrichment, administration of events, compliance with laws, including screening prospective customers, customers, end customers and individuals in order to comply with sanctions regulations, preventing violation of laws, performance monitoring, product implementation and integrations, recruitment, and other business purposes.
Partners:
They assist in marketing outreach and other activities, sponsor events, product integration and other strategic initiatives. We may disclose Your personal information to Partners for their marketing outreach where You have consented to such disclosure, for identifying common customers to assess Your business needs and propose suitable products and for other joint-initiatives.
Auditors, accountants, lawyers and other professional advisers:
They assist us in compliance with accounting and other business requirements, advise on various legal aspects, prevent violation of law and ensure compliance with law.
Investors, insurance companies and financial institutions:
We may disclose Your information to potential investors if We are involved in any merger, acquisitions, asset purchase or corporate restructuring, to current investors as part of reporting, and to financial institutions in case We seek any financial assistance or as part of any KYC requirements.
Regulators, law enforcement authorities and courts:
We may disclose Your information to regulators and law enforcement authorities in case of any request from them for information or where necessary to protect You, third parties or Our rights, and to court or as part of judicial proceedings, arbitration or other dispute resolution mechanism, including to enforce our agreements and claim remedies available to us.
Do We transfer any information across borders?
We may process Your personal information in the countries where We are located, including the United States, European Union, India, Australia or any other country where our vendors, service providers, partners and other third parties listed above are located, which may or may not be subject to an adequacy decision for the purposes of General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679). However, when We transfer Your personal information across borders of countries, We will ensure that it is subject to lawful basis and is transferred in compliance with applicable laws, such as execution of Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers from EEA, International Data Transfer Addendum for transfers from UK. We will take reasonable measures to ensure that Your personal information is subject to appropriate safeguards.
Certification under EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Data Privacy Framework
Chargebee complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Chargebee has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (a) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles), with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and  (b) Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view Our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
When Chargebee transfers personal data as a data controller to a third party acting as an agent on Our behalf, We shall remain liable under the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, as applicable, if any third party that We share Your information with processes Your information in a manner inconsistent with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF EU-U.S. DPF Principles, unless We prove that We are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Chargebee commits to
(a) Resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of Your personal data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Us at
privacy@chargebee.com
. The contact details of Our EU representative is provided under the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
(b) Cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) (and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA)) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Chargebee’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain circumstances, We may be required to disclose personal data in response to the lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
An EU, UK or Swiss individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms (additional information can be found in
Annex I to the DPF
).
What Rights do You have?
Depending on the data protection law that applies to You, You may have certain rights relating to Your personal information, such as:
Right to access Your personal information held by Us;
Right to rectify inaccurate or complete any incomplete personal information;
Right to erase or delete Your personal information;
Right to object or restrict Our processing of Your personal information in specific circumstances, including to opt-out of marketing communications, opt-out of disclosure of Your personal information to third parties to the extent such third party is not acting as an agent to perform tasks on behalf of and under Our instructions, and where applicable, opt-out of use of Your personal information for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by You;
Right to receive personal information provided concerning You that You have provided to Us or transfer such information to another entity in a structured, commonly accepted, and machine-readable format; and
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects You.
California and Virginia specific rights are provided below.
How can You exercise Your rights?
In order to exercise Your rights, You may contact us on the email address set forth in the ‘Contact Us’ section below with details of the right You intend to exercise, the details or nature of personal information with respect to which You intend to exercise the right, where known, Your location and where known, the law under which You are exercising this right. Alternatively, You may submit a request
here
. In certain cases, We might require additional information from You in order to address Your request or to verify Your identity. We will look into Your requests and respond within the timelines prescribed under applicable law. Occasionally, taking into account the nature of the request We receive, We might, to the extent permitted under applicable law and subject to conditions therein, either seek for additional time or reject Your request. In such cases, We endeavor to keep You informed.
In cases where You object to or opt-out of certain types of processing, We will retain Your personal information to the extent required to ensure We do not reach out to You or process Your information for such purposes, such as adding it to an opt-out or do-not-disturb list.
Where We have made available specific ways to opt-out of certain communications and processing, We encourage You to exercise Your rights using such specified ways, such as,
For cookies, You can opt-out by selecting Your preferences in the  shield widget available on the bottom left corner of our Website. While You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, choosing to disable certain cookies may limit Your use of certain features or functions on our Website, product or services.
For marketing communications that You receive from Us or on our behalf, We encourage You to exercise Your opt-out using the ‘unsubscribe’ or by unsubscribing
here
or similar option provided in such marketing communication. Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt You out of receiving communications related to any existing relationship with Us, such as communications about products and services You have subscribed to, such as maintenance, downtimes, security information and about events and programs You have registered or opted in for.
For exercising Your rights as a user of Our products and services, You may exercise Your rights using the various functionalities available to You in Your use of the products and services, including by updating Your settings, preferences and profile information within Your account.
What information do We not control?
Third Party links
: In certain cases, We may include links to third party websites and products. These third party websites and products have separate and independent terms and privacy policies. Since We neither own or control such websites and products, We are not responsible or liable  for the content and activities of these websites or products. Nonetheless, We seek to protect the integrity of Our Website and welcome any feedback about these links.
Blogs:
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs. The comments on our blog may be managed by a third party application that may require You to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog comments. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if You want Your personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses Your information, please review their privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to Our privacy practices. If We make any material changes adversely affecting Your rights, We will notify You by means of a notice or banner on this website prior to the change becoming effective, or where You are a customer of Chargebee, by sending communication to the email address to an administrator of Your account, or an email address associated with Your account, or through an in-app banner or notification. We encourage You to periodically review this page for the latest information on Our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Notice, the privacy practices of this website or Your engagement with Us, You may contact us using the information below:
CHARGEBEE INC.
909 Rose Avenue, Suite 950, North Bethesda, MD 20852
privacy@chargebee.com
Contact details of the EU representative:
CHARGEBEE B.V.
Piet Heinkade 55
1019GM Amsterdam
Netherlands
privacy@chargebee.com
California and Virginia specific rights and provisions
This section provides additional details about the personal information We collect about consumers resident in California and Virginia and sets forth such consumers' rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA), and the Virginia residents under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA). For avoidance of doubt, this section applies only to California and Virginia residents and their personal information We collect as a Business (as defined in the CCPA and VCDPA). This section does not address or apply to our handling of personal information that is exempt under the CCPA or VCDPA.
1. Collection of Personal Information.
The categories of personal information We have collected in the twelve (12) months prior to the Effective Date and that We may collect include :
Identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information;
Professional or employment-related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from any of the above; and
Sensitive personal information (social security number, state identification card, passport number, geolocation data, government identification, biometric information for identification, criminal history data, health information).
2. Purposes of Collection
. We collect this personal information for the following business purposes, as more thoroughly described in the "
What do We use Your personal information for?
" section above:.
To provide, improve and develop our products, services and Website
To process registrations and complete transactions
To comply with business and legal obligations
To ensure security and for protection of rights
For sales and marketing activities
For business and research purposes
For recruitment activities
For other company initiatives
3. Disclosure of Personal Information.
We have disclosed the categories of personal information listed in clause 1 above for a business purpose in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice and may disclose such personal information to service providers, contractors or other third parties who support our business.
4. Sale and Sharing of Personal Information.
While we do not “sell” personal information in the traditional sense (i.e., for money), we may be considered as “selling” and “sharing” personal information through our use of third-party analytics and advertising cookies. In the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, We have sold/shared (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of personal information to facilitate our advertising efforts:
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your interaction with our website and services (via the use of third-party cookies and similar tools).
Additionally, we do not and will not sell personal information if we have actual knowledge that a consumer is less than 16 years of age. We do not have actual knowledge that we “sell” or “share” information from individuals under 16 years of age. To exercise your right to opt-out of sale/sharing, please see below.
Right to opt out:  You have the right to opt-out of “sales” and “sharing” of your personal information, as those terms are defined under the CCPA. To exercise your right to opt-out of the “selling” or “sharing” of Your personal information, please select Your preferences in the    shield widget available on the bottom left corner of our Website. Please note that submitting an opt-out request will only opt You out of sharing data with third parties that may be considered “sales” under CCPA, but it will not opt-out of sharing data with Our service providers.
We may also disclose some of Your personal information described above for business purposes to the third parties listed in "
Do We share Your information with Third Parties?
" section above.
5. Deidentification of Personal Information
.
Occasionally, we may deidentify personal information and use the deidentified information for our internal purposes. We commit to maintaining and using this information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information except to determine whether our deidentification process is effective.
6. Your Rights
Rights of the residents of the State of California :
You have certain rights, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, with respect to Your personal information, including:
a.  With respect to personal information collected about You in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice but collected after January 1, 2022, right to request for:
The categories of personal information We collected about You;
The categories of sources from which We collected that information;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that information;
The categories of third parties with whom We shared that information; and
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You.
b.  The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information collected
c.   The right to request deletion of Your personal information held by the Us or by Our service provider, contractor, or any other third party We have disclosed personal information to. We shall hold a confidential record of all deletion requests for the purpose of preventing the selling of such personal information for which You have submitted a deletion request;
d.  The right to "opt out" of any sale or sharing of personal information (as defined in the CCPA), if such sale or sharing occurs.
e.   The right to request the transfer of specific pieces of personal information to any other entity.
f. The right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information in specific instances as set forth in CCPA.
g.   The right not to be discriminated against for exercising Your rights under CCPA.
Your Privacy Rights Under the California Shine the Light
California residents who provide Us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) We have shared with third parties for their own direct marketing use. Such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third-party sharing in the prior calendar year. You can submit a “Shine the Light” request by using the contact information under “Contact Us.” Please include in Your request a current California address and Your attestation that You are a California resident.
Do Not Track
Kindly note, some web browsers and mobile operating systems offer a “Do Not Track” setting that You can activate to signal Your preference not to have information about Your online browsing activities monitored and collected. Currently, Our Website, products and services do not recognize “Do Not Track” signals.
Rights for the residents of the Commonwealth of Virginia:
You have certain rights, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, with respect to Your personal data, including
a.   The right to confirm whether We are processing the personal information collected and the right to access such personal information.
b.  The right to correct inaccuracies in the personal data collected taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information
c.   The right to request the deletion of personal information provided by or obtained from You;
d.  The right to request the deletion of personal information collected from sources other than You. We shall comply with such a request by either (i) retaining a record of the deletion request and the minimum information necessary for the purpose of ensuring Your personal information remains deleted from the business’s records and not using such retained information for any other purpose pursuant to this Section or (ii) opting You out of the processing of such personal information for any purpose except those exempted by the Virginia Data Protection Act;
e.   The right to request the transfer of the personal information collected to another controller in a technically feasible and readily usable format;
f.The right to opt-out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal information, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning You.
California and Virginia consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA and VCDPA respectively by contacting us at
ccpa@chargebee.com
or
via
mail to our postal address set forth above. We will verify Your request using the information associated with Your account, so please raise the request using the e-mail address associated with Your account. We will let You know if We need additional information to verify Your identity, such as Your Government identification. We shall not disclose further the personal information collected for verification of a consumer’s request or retain it longer than it is necessary for the purpose of verification.
If We are unable to verify Your identity after a good faith attempt, We may deny the request and, if so, We will explain the basis for the denial. Consumers may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. Authorized agents must provide us sufficient verification in their first communication with Us of their legal ability to submit a request on the consumer’s behalf. Businesses acting as authorized agents must provide both (1) a certificate of good standing with its state of organization, and (2) a written authorization signed by the California resident. Individuals acting as authorized agents must provide either (1) a notarized power of attorney signed by the California resident, or (2) a written authorization signed by the California resident expressly authorizing the individual to act on their behalf. For security reasons, We reserve the right to reject requests from authorized agents who do not fulfill these requirements to protect the personal information of the individual in question.
7. Where We are a service provider.
We may also act as a service provider (as the term is defined in the CCPA). When We act as a service provider, including by providing our services to another company that You interact with, We follow the instructions of the company that engaged us as a service provider and You should directly contact that company if You have any questions or would like more details on how Your personal information is processed by that company.
PRIVACY POLICY
What personal information do We collect about You?
How do We collect Your personal information?
On what basis do We collect Your personal information?
What do We use Your personal information for?
How do We protect Your information?
How long do We keep Your personal information?
Do We share Your information with third parties?
Do We transfer any information across borders?
What Rights do You have?
How can You exercise Your rights?
What information do We not control?
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Contact Us
California and Virginia specific rights and provisions
+
Subscribe to the best subscription and revenue growth news, trends, and insights delivered straight to your inbox.
Sub-policy 5
https://stripe.com/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.okta.com/privacy-policy/:
Okta
Looks like you have Javascript turned off! Please enable it to improve your browsing experience.
Skip to main content
Effective Date: January 2025
Posted Date: January 2025
I. Introduction
At Okta, data privacy is important to us. This Okta Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) details our privacy practices for the activities described in this Privacy Policy. Please take the time to read this Privacy Policy carefully in order to understand how we collect, share, and otherwise process information relating to individuals (“Personal Data”), and to learn about your rights and choices regarding our processing of your Personal Data.
If you are a California resident, please review the section of this
Privacy Policy for California residents
.
In this Privacy Policy, “Okta,” “we,” “our,” and “us” each mean Okta, Inc. and the applicable Okta affiliate(s) involved in the processing activity. The addresses of our offices, where Okta, Inc. and our affiliates are located, can be found at
https://www.okta.com/contact
.
Auth0, LLC is a subsidiary of Okta. Any references to Customer Identity Cloud are inclusive of Auth0 by Okta.
II. Okta’s Roles & Responsibilities
Okta is the controller of your Personal Data, as described in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise stated.  Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the extent that we process Personal Data in the role of a processor (or a comparable role such as a “service provider” in certain jurisdictions) on behalf of our customers, including where we offer to our customers various cloud products and services, through which our customers (and/or their affiliates) connect their own websites and applications to our hosted platform (including our Auth0 by Okta-branded services), sell or offer their own products and services, send electronic communications to other individuals, or otherwise collect, use, share or process Personal Data via our cloud products and services.
Each of our customers, not Okta, controls whether they provide you with an account or other access to the Okta identity cloud service through their subscription, and if they provide you with such accounts or other access through their subscription, they control what information about you that they submit to our service. This content may include contact information (such as your first and last name, email address, and phone number), professional information (such as the department you work for at your place of employment), or other types of information that a customer chooses to submit. Use of this content by Okta is governed by agreements between Okta and the Customer.
For detailed privacy information applicable to situations where an Okta customer (and/or a customer affiliate) who uses Okta’s cloud products and services is the controller, please reach out to the respective customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this Privacy Policy. If not stated otherwise either in this Privacy Policy or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of a customer (and/or its affiliates), who is the responsible controller of the applicable Personal Data.
If your Personal Data has been submitted to us by or on behalf of an Okta customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with the applicable customer directly. Because we may only access a customer’s data upon instruction from that customer, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide to us the name of the Okta customer who submitted your Personal Data to us. If we are able to verify the Okta customer, we will refer your request to that customer and support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Additional information and safeguards regarding Okta’s data protection obligations (including for international transfers) to our customers are set forth in our subscription agreement form and related documents, including our Trust & Compliance Documentation, all of which are available online at
https://www.okta.com/agreements
.
III. Personal Data We Collect and Data Sources
Covered Data Processing Activities
This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of Personal Data that we collect in the following ways, as detailed in this section.
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you interact with our products and services, websites and electronic systems, when you attend events and visit our offices, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information you provide to us
Based on our current practices (and including our practices over the last 12 months), we collect the following categories of information about you:
Contact and Professional Data.
We collect contact and/or professional data about you in person, through communications, including communications from you or your colleagues, and through our websites. For example, you provide your contact and professional information to us when you sign up to learn more about Okta’s products and services, download content, register for an event, and visit our offices. If you attend an event, we may also receive contact and professional details about you when you choose to scan your attendee badge or by providing a business card or other method(s) whereby you share Personal Data with us. Typically, contact data includes your name and contact methods, such as telephone number, email address, and office or other mailing address, and professional data includes details such as the organization you are affiliated with, your job title, and industry.
Administrator Data
. When you sign up for an account to try Okta, subscribe to any Okta service via Okta or another entity (such as a marketplace or authorized reseller), have the ability to submit a support request, or are designated an administrator of any part of the Okta Service, then information is provided to us about you (“Administrator Data”). Administrator Data usually includes your name, email address, phone number, address, billing information, business contact information, credentials information (including Okta training and credentials), subscription and service configurations you select, and other details you may provide to us about you or include in your profiles in Okta communities and other support portals. We may also receive any Personal Data you share via tooling used to provide support, e.g., videoconferencing or other communication methods you participate in.
Biographical, Community, and Support Data
. We may also collect various types of biographical, community, and support Personal Data from you via our help center and community support forums. For example, if you register for an online community that we host, we may ask you to provide a username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, organization name and areas of expertise. Additionally, you may provide Personal Data to us when you create user-generated content (for example, by posting in a forum), provide Okta with feedback, or when you participate in interactive features, trainings, online surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities, or events. Okta may receive Personal Data and Administrator Data in connection with an administrator's request for support for the Okta service.
Job Applicant Data.
We collect contact and professional information, including your resume with educational and work background, that you provide when you apply for a job with Okta. We may also collect sensitive information, like your Social Security Number or other government identifier, criminal history information, racial or ethnic origin, or other such Personal Data that you provide in connection with your job application.
Contract and Payment Data
. We may receive contract details (like signatures) from you or your organization and use payment processing services to collect payment and billing information, which may contain Personal Data such as billing name, billing address and payment card details, in connection with some of our products and services.
Audio, Electronic, or Visual Data
. If you attend an Okta in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may document the event in various ways, such as by taking photos at the event, interviewing you at the event, or recording your participation in a live question-and-answer or other interactive session. We use this information for business and marketing purposes to better inform the public about Okta, its events, and provide testimonials about our products and services, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Consumer Products
. If you use consumer products made available by Okta (“Okta Consumer Products”), then we may receive various types of information and content from you that you choose to share, including contact information (such as your first and last name, email address, and phone number), additional multi-factor authentication factor setup details, content you upload (such as identification or other documentation), and information regarding the websites and applications that you visit and use through Okta Consumer Products for authentication. We also receive Ancillary Data, including device data, Usage Data, and metadata, as described below for the purposes described below.
Depending on your jurisdiction, if we collect sensitive data from you, we will do so by providing you with additional notice or confirming your consent upon collection, if required by applicable law.
Personal Data We Collect From Other Sources
In the course of doing business (and over the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy), we receive Personal Data and other information from other third parties for our business or commercial purposes. This information varies and typically falls into a few categories:
Business contact information (such as name, job title, business email, phone number, and address), social profile (such as LinkedIn or XING) including other details about your organization for sales and marketing purposes, to better inform you about Okta products and services;
Third-party platform usernames and identifying information;
Details about you as a job candidate (which may include your name, resume, educational and work history, criminal history information, and feedback) as permitted under law; and
Data used for security purposes to protect our products and services.
We receive business contact information that contains Personal Data for commercial purposes, including details about your organization from third parties for marketing and business intelligence, such as analyzing business opportunities, identifying and communicating with potential customers, and providing our audience with more relevant content and advertising. Typically, and subject to applicable laws, we receive this information about you from a few sources, such as: (i) third-party marketing initiatives, such as events where we are a sponsor, or website forms hosted by third parties that may provide content about us; (ii) instances when you consent to having your attendee badge scanned at an event hosted by us or another entity; (iii) companies, such as information aggregators and similar entities, from whom we have licensed business contact information; (iv) referrals; or (v) resellers and channel partners, including those that offer joint marketing services. In some situations, we may combine such business contact information with other non-personal and Personal Data we possess or that you have provided to us. For example, we may combine business contact details with details about your organization, such as its address or revenue range, and analyze this information for business opportunities or use this to send you tailored content.
We also receive Personal Data to help with threat intelligence and to protect the safety and security of our service and our customers’ applications, such as breached website credentials from other entities. We use this Personal Data for various purposes, such as for security and fraud detection purposes and to enable our customers to configure the settings within the Okta products and services to notify their administrators and users if the data that they put into the Okta service is found within this data set.
We also receive information from third-party platforms for various business purposes such as organizational credit information, program management, or technical reasons. For example, we may receive credit information about an organization that includes the names of individuals. If you participate in an open source project or our bug bounty program, we may receive details about you, such as your username or pull requests, to help us manage your participation in the project or program and provide you with updates.
If you are a candidate applying for a job at Okta, subject to laws applicable in your jurisdiction, we may receive Personal Data about you from third parties for business purposes, such as through background checks (educational, employment, criminal, and financial information), publicly-available sources (like social media accounts, including LinkedIn for identifying candidates), feedback about your application and from interviews, and other third parties that may provide feedback about your application. Okta treats references provided as part of a job application as confidential.
For our professional services work, as a processor or service provider for our customers, Okta may also receive Personal Data about you to perform its obligations under its contract with a third party. Okta partners may also share your business contact information with Okta as part of their recommendation to your organization to become an Okta customer. If Okta is interested in partnering with, acquiring, investing in, or partners with, acquires, or invests in your employing or retaining organization, Okta may receive Personal Data about you through the (potential or completed) transaction for its business purposes.
Device Data, Usage Data, Ancillary Data, Diagnostic Data, and Metadata We Collect
Explanation of Device Data, Usage Data, Ancillary Data, Diagnostic Data, and Other Metadata and Technology Used
Like most websites, applications, and software across the Internet, Okta collects certain Personal Data when you access and use our websites, applications, software, and products and services subject to laws applicable in your jurisdiction. This type of data collection allows us to better understand how individuals use and the performance of our websites, applications, and products and services and allows us to provide, fix, and improve our websites, applications, software, and products and services, and detect, investigate, and combat fraud, security incidents, and other deceptive or malicious behavior. The data we collect can include the following:
Device Data
. We may collect certain information from and about your device, such as unique device identifiers, browser type, the operating system installed on your device, certain device configurations, and similar device or version information (“Device Data”). We use Device Data to identify the location of the device, which we use to provide necessary disclosures, obtain necessary consents, prevent access to our products and services as required by applicable law, and comply with any other requirements applicable to Okta, to detect, investigate, and combat fraud, security incidents, and other deceptive or malicious behavior, and to help us determine that users from one type of device use our websites, products and services in different ways than users of a different type of device, which in turn allows us to troubleshoot and investigate the performance of our products and services, improve our websites, products, and services, such as through optimizing the screen size of Okta mobile applications, or making sure that our customers’ users have a more efficient user experience. The Device Data we collect can include the following:
Location Data.
We may collect information about your location when you use our websites, mobile applications, and products and services. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by your IP address and information about things near your device, such as Bluetooth-enabled devices. The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and settings. If we collect your precise geolocation data, we will do so only with your consent.
Camera.
When enabled, some of our services allow you to set up the services by using the camera on your device to scan a QR code. We cannot access your camera without permission. You can always change our access to your camera by turning off our access to your camera in your device’s settings menu.
Touch ID and Face ID
. Some of our products and services may allow you to authenticate using Touch ID and Face ID for Apple devices and Face Unlock and Fingerprint Unlock for Android devices. If you authenticate using Touch ID, Face ID, Face Unlock or Fingerprint Unlock, we are only notified as to whether the authentication was successful and cannot access the Face ID, Touch ID, Face Unlock, or Fingerprint Unlock. You can enable or disable Touch ID, Face ID, Face Unlock and Fingerprint Unlock at any time through your device’s settings menu.
Usage Data
. We may also collect data about your use of our websites, applications, and products and services, including data regarding service configurations and applications utilized in connection with the hosted Service, support data, operational data, log data, logs of your usage and click activities, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, and the performance results for the hosted Service (“Usage Data”). Okta uses Usage Data to: (i) analyze usage trends, (ii) detect, investigate, and combat fraud and cyber-attacks; (iii) detect, investigate, and combat security incidents, and other such deceptive, fraudulent or malicious behavior against Okta or its customers, including taking measures to improve Okta’s overall security posture; (iv) improve service and product functionality; and (v) retain and/or employ another service provider or contractor.
Bug, Error, and Crash Reports
. We may also collect data about any problems you experience with our websites, applications, and products and services, including bug, error, and crash reports, which can include Device Data, location data, Usage Data, and user data at the time of the bug, error, and/or crash.
Ancillary Data
. For the Okta Mobility Management product, data collected may include the applications that are installed on your device. Collectively, we refer to this data as “Ancillary Data”. Some of the Ancillary Data, including Usage Data, that we receive is dependent on your organization’s policies and settings and what information it permits to be shared with Okta. Okta uses Ancillary Data to improve security and to provide and improve its products to customers, including to better understand customer behavior in order to create new features and provide threat-related insights for our customers.
Some of these products that collect and process Ancillary Data include:
the Okta browser plugin;
the Okta desktop and mobile applications (Okta Verify and Okta Mobile); and
Okta Consumer Products.
Through the Okta browser plugin, the Ancillary Data we collect includes details about your login session, IP address, user-agent, and the web application name and website address, as well as other information that is not personal in nature. In addition, as part of Ancillary Data, we may collect interaction data about your use of the Okta browser plugin. We use the information collected through the Okta browser plugin for security purposes and to provide features, such as to allow you to better manage your passwords for websites that you visit.
Diagnostic Data
. Some products and services may require, or may be enhanced by, your installation of on-premise software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The on-premise software may collect data about the use and performance of the software, including IP address, username, and host name, which may be transmitted and used by Okta to provide customer support, to diagnose issues with the on-premise software and/or related products and services, to improve our products and services, and/or for the purposes identified in the applicable agreement(s) between Okta and the applicable customer. For example, Okta Advanced Server Access (“ASA”) provides functionality for a customer to generate support bundles, which contain local log files generated by the local software running on the customer’s ASA servers, that the customer can provide to Okta to enable Okta to diagnose issues and provide support.
Metadata
. We may collect metadata about you, including technical data about your performance or use of our website, products and services. One common technology we use to collect metadata that may be considered Personal Data is our use of cookies. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your web browser and that help us recognize your browser or device as a unique visitor in different ways based on the type of cookie. The three main types of cookies are:
Essential cookies
. Essential cookies are required for website functionality and security. For example, authentication, security, and session cookies may be required for our website or products to work.
Functional cookies
. We use functional cookies to help enhance our websites’ performance, for market research, or other analytics or advertising that is not tied to a specific individual. For example, we may use Google Analytics to help us track how many individuals visited our websites. We may also utilize HTML5 local storage cookies for the reasons described in this section. These types of cookies are different from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store and how they store it.
Targeting or advertising cookies
. We use targeting and advertising cookies to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. For example, we contract with third-party advertising networks that may track your activity over time and across different channels, including our websites, email activity, and other websites and applications that display advertisements. They may use this tracking information to understand and predict your interests, to display an advertisement for Okta on another website, or email you with a marketing communication for an Okta product.
If you would like to manage your cookies and your permissions to share data with cookie providers, please visit the section below on
Your Information Choices
.
A second common technology we use to collect metadata that may be considered Personal Data is beacon technology. We use beacons in our websites and in email communications to you. Beacons provide us with information about your activity and help us to improve our business operations and strategy, such as by understanding our email communications’ functionality and improving our websites and content. For example, if you click on a marketing email we send to you about a new product or service, the beacon will provide signals to us that you and your organization may be interested in learning more. If you would like to manage your email subscriptions with us, please visit the section below on
Your Information Choices
.
IV. How We Use Personal Data
How we use the Personal Data that we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our websites and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us.  In general, we use your Personal Data as is necessary to run our business and carry out our day-to-day activities. In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Data to accomplish the following tasks (and we have done so during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy):
For the purpose of communicating with you about our products and services and facilitate other interaction.
We may use your Personal Data, such as contact data, Ancillary Data, and metadata, to send you transactional communications, notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages regarding our products and services that may be useful to you and your organization. We will respond to your questions, provide tailored communications based on your activity and interactions with us, and help you use our products and services effectively. We also use Administrator Data to communicate with you for various purposes, including to provide you with account updates (about your subscription, settings, security, billing, feature and product updates, technical issues, certifications, and other similar content). You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications. For promotional communications, you may manage your communication preferences via your administrator settings, Okta communities, or our subscription center (linked in the Your Information Choices section below).
In some situations, we may also share Administrator Data with authorized partners in order to provide you with information relevant to your purchase of Okta or other entities’ tools that may connect to Okta to meet your technical or organizational needs.
If you choose to subscribe to alerts, then we will also use your Administrator Data to send you trust alerts, including via SMS (“Okta Alerts”). Phone numbers collected as a part of Okta Alerts SMS subscriptions will not be used for marketing purposes and only shared with service providers as required to carry out the alerts or as otherwise required under applicable law. In some instances, the phone number you use to sign up for Okta Alerts may be the same phone number we use for marketing purposes based on your consent or receipt through a different channel.
For the purpose of supporting safety, security, and manage operations
. We use Personal Data, such as contact data, Ancillary Data and other metadata, about you and your use of our products, services, and offices to verify accounts and activity, monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity, assist our customers in their monitoring of suspicious or fraudulent activity, and identify violations of policies regarding the use of our products and services. We may also combine Ancillary Data with other data we receive for safety, security, and to manage our business operations. We also process Personal Data, such as contact data and health data, for security and operations management reasons, such as to register visitors to our offices and carry out related safety measures (including through using our Atmosphere application), including to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign. We also use Administrator Data to provide our customers with the Okta service, complete transactions, provide support and other service to the customer account, detect and prevent fraud, for audit and compliance purposes, and to comply with applicable law. Okta physically and electronically monitors its offices with access monitoring software and tools, and has on-premise surveillance cameras in order to prevent unauthorized access to our offices and to protect employees, authorized visitors, and our property.
For the purpose of marketing our products and services
. We use your Personal Data, such as contact data, Ancillary Data, and other metadata about how you use the products and services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you and your organization, including by email and by displaying Okta marketing communications on other organizations’ websites and applications, as well as on third-party platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and Google subject to laws applicable in your jurisdiction. These communications are aimed at encouraging engagement and maximizing the benefits that you and your organization can gain from Okta’s products and services, including information about new products and features, survey requests, newsletters, and events that we think may be of interest to you and your organization.
For the purpose of analyzing, predicting, and improving results and operations
. We use Personal Data to analyze and predict results (such as those arising from our sales and marketing efforts and product usage and consumption), improve the performance of our websites, products and services and customer support, identify potential customers, opportunities, and potential new product areas, ascertain trends, improve our websites’ functionality, improve our security, and provide us with general business intelligence, including through the use of automated means such as machine learning technology. Subject to the laws applicable in your jurisdiction, we may also combine the metadata and usage information collected from our websites with other information to help further the purposes described in the previous sentence.
For the purpose of managing contests or promotions and customer appreciation
. Okta may occasionally run contests or other special promotions or make available opportunities or other tokens of appreciation for customers, and if you register for these, we may process your Personal Data, such as contact information, biographical information, and contract-related data to perform our contract with you. Okta may also use the Personal Data, such as contact data, collected in these contests, promotions, and for customer appreciation as well as to send you gifts or prizes and promotional material about Okta and our partners.
For the purpose of processing payments
. We process Personal Data, such as contact information, contract-related data, financial information, biographical information, and payment information to process payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you or your organization.
For the purpose of recruiting and hiring
. We process your Personal Data, such as contact, job applicant, and biographical data, to assess your application and to evaluate and improve our recruitment system, our application tracking and recruitment activities. We also use your Personal Data to communicate with you regarding your application or opportunities at Okta that appear over time that we believe may be of interest to you. We also use your Personal Data to send you new hire and employee experience information. We may verify your information, including through confidential reference checks and, where allowed, background checks.
Other purposes for our legitimate interests
. Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests, or the interests of others, we may use your Personal Data in connection with the management of our business, including but not limited to, for operational purposes and workflow automation, business intelligence (such as to understand subscription consumption and free trial product usage), website and product improvement, legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, protecting against misuse or abuse of our products and services, and protecting personal property or safety. For example, we may review compliance with applicable usage terms in our customer contracts, assess capacity requirements for our products, websites, and offices, improve your user experience, respond to requests by you for support or for contact, or identify customer opportunities. If you sign up to participate in specific programs, such as the Okta Ideas forum or other product feedback programs, we may analyze Ancillary Data, including Usage Data, related to your use of our products and Service, along with the data you choose to provide to us through Okta Ideas, to provide you with a better customer experience. Furthermore, we use Administrator Data to provide technical support as described in our documentation and help center, and to improve our products, services, and processes related to providing such support.
Other purposes with your consent
. We may use your Personal Data if you have given us consent to do so for a specific purpose not listed above. For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote our products and services or record phone calls for quality and training purposes, with your permission.
If we process your Personal Data for a purpose other than those set out above, we may provide you with a notice and obtain your consent prior to such processing, where required by us under applicable law in your jurisdiction.
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data (for United Kingdom and European Economic Area and other relevant jurisdictions)
If you are an individual in the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area (EEA), or of another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on the products and services that your organization has purchased from Okta, or the Okta Consumer Products that you are using, as applicable, how such products and services are used, and how you choose to interact and communicate with Okta’s websites, systems, and whether you attend Okta events. This means we collect and use your Personal Data only where:
We need it to operate and provide you with our products and services, provide customer support and personalized features, and to protect the safety and security of our products and services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest of Okta’s (which is not overridden by your data protection interests and rights), such as for research and development, to provide information to you about our products and services that we believe you and your organization may find useful, and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of Personal Data about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions, and reasonable prior written notice. This will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your Personal Data because we or another entity (for example, your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use; however, in some cases, this may mean that you no longer use our products and services.
In the event that we de-identify any Personal Data for further use, we commit to maintain and use the information in de-identified form and will not attempt to re-identify the information, except for the purpose of determining if our de-identification processes satisfy applicable legal requirements.
V. Personal Data Disclosed by Okta and Data You Choose to Disclose to Other Entities
Personal Data Disclosed by Okta
In the course of doing business (and over the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy), Okta may disclose Personal Data as described below.
Service Providers
. For all categories of information that we collect, we disclose Personal Data to our service providers for various business purposes, including, but not limited to, auditing interactions with users, debugging our websites, products and services, security purposes, internal research and gleaning insights through machine learning, short-term uses such as credit verification, payment processing, IT services, quality control and safety, gift fulfillment, in-person and virtual event management, as well as to perform other services on our behalf. For example, we may use service providers to help us proctor and score Okta certification exams, or host our customer relationship management system.
In-person and Virtual Events
. If you choose to register for or attend a virtual or in-person event or webinar that we host (such as our Oktane customer conference), enter a contest or raffle with us and a sponsor, or download content (such as a whitepaper) from our website, then we may disclose your contact information, content interest information or other activity data, and any other information, including Personal Data, collected in the course of these activities for commercial purposes to those sponsors. In many cases, you intentionally disclose your details by providing your information to these sponsors through consent via a registration form or by scanning your badge at the applicable sponsor’s booth. Virtual events hosted by third party platforms may also collect additional data from you when you visit their sites. The treatment of this information is subject to each of these other entities’ respective privacy statements.
Partners and Resellers
. We may disclose your Personal Data, such as contact information, business details, and content interest and activity details, to our partners and resellers for business purposes, such as to carry out our business or for joint marketing efforts to reach our customers and prospective customers, subject to laws applicable in your jurisdiction. In many cases, you intentionally disclose your details by providing your information to these sponsors through consent via a registration form. You can review a list of our current partners
here
.
Protection of Rights, Security and Fraud Detection
. For all categories of data we collect, we disclose your Personal Data for business purposes to protect our customers and users, to secure our physical and intellectual property, and to prevent or investigate security or fraudulent attempts against our users through our platform.
Law Enforcement and Legal Requests
. For all categories of data we collect, we may disclose Personal Data to comply with applicable law or to respond to valid legal requests, such as a subpoena, from law enforcement or other authorities.
With our Affiliates, Related to Corporate Transactions, and Provision of Professional Services
. For all categories of data we collect, we disclose Personal Data to our affiliates and subsidiaries for business purposes, including any service providers and agents that work on our behalf. For example, we may disclose your Personal Data to support service providers with whom we have in place agreements to protect your Personal Data. We may also disclose your information as required for us to carry out a corporate transaction, such as a merger or sale of assets of all or part of our company. We will also disclose your Personal Data to our professional service providers (for example, our auditors, insurance providers, financial service providers, and legal advisors) as needed for us to run our business.
Platform, Training, and Community Analytics Data
. We disclose Ancillary Data, such as metadata (for example, unique identifiers and Usage Data), collected through our platform with analytics service providers for our business purposes, such as to provide a better user experience and improve our products and services.
Advertising and Marketing
. We share your Personal Data, such as metadata and contact data, with third-party advertising and marketing providers, to allow us to better reach our customers and prospective customers, and to sell our products and services, to the extent permitted by laws applicable in your jurisdiction. In some circumstances, we may ask you to consent to directly disclosing your Personal Data with these third parties prior to sharing your Personal Data, such as via a consent banner on our website. For details on your choices with respect this sharing or disclosure, please see
Your Information Choices
below. For specific details on these companies’ privacy practices, please visit their privacy policies.
Anonymous or De-identified Usage Data
. We disclose anonymized or aggregated usage data or security threat information with third parties or the public. For example, this may include disclosing trends regarding organizations’ use of Okta’s products and services to customers and prospective customers in our “Businesses at Work” report. The data disclosed in this category is not Personal Data.
Okta Communities, Help Center, and Other User Generated Content
. We make available various community forums and self-help support materials, as well as blogs and other means for you to post information on our websites. This information you post is publicly-available information that you choose to disclose and it may be read, collected, and processed by others that visit these websites. Except for username (which may be your real name) and the details that you choose to include in your profile, the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Recruitment Data
. When you apply for a job at Okta, we disclose your Personal Data, including applicant data, biographical information, and other Personal Data we possess to our affiliate companies for business reasons, such as human resource management and internal reporting; our service providers for business reasons, such as the recruitment platform, to verify references and to manage background checks; and law enforcement or government authorities, or as otherwise necessary to comply with law or as needed for the recruitment and human resources process.
Okta Social Media Outlets
Okta’s websites may use social media features, such as the Facebook “like” button, the Instagram “heart” button, Twitter sharing features, and other similar widgets (“Social Media Features”). You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on a website to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third-party social media network in order to share content with others within your network. Social Media Features are either hosted by the respective social media network, or hosted directly on our websites. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the respective social media networks and you click through to these from our website, the latter may receive information showing that you have visited our website. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies (and any other applicable terms) of the respective companies that provide the relevant Social Media Features.
Products and Services Available Through Other Channels
If you visit the Unity Technologies Asset Store to access an Okta product or service, as part of provisioning assets through the Asset Store, Unity Technologies will collect personal data as described in its Privacy Policy. If you use the Heroku Marketplace to access an Okta product or service, Heroku (Salesforce, Inc.) will collect personal data as described in its Privacy Policy.
VI. Okta’s Security Posture & Measures Taken
Security is a critical priority for Okta. We maintain a comprehensive, written information security program that contains industry-standard administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to prevent the loss or theft and unauthorized access, use, disclosure or alteration of Personal Data.
However, no security system is perfect, and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, including Personal Data, is absolutely safe from intrusion or other unauthorized access by others. You are responsible for protecting your password(s) and other authentication factors, as well as maintaining the security of your devices.
If you use the Okta online service via a subscription purchased for you by an Okta customer, then that customer is responsible for configuring your instance appropriately. Additional information about security settings and configurations can be found in the documentation related to our online service, including the Trust & Compliance documentation, which is available at
https://www.okta.com/agreements
.
VII. International Data Transfers
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to, processed, and stored by us in the United States, and by our affiliates, service providers, and third parties that are based in other countries. The addresses of our offices where Okta, Inc. and its affiliates are located can be found online at
https://www.okta.com/contact
.
Some of the countries where your Personal Data may be processed, including the United States, are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature and/or regulator, and may lack data protection laws as comprehensive as or may not provide the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction, such as the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Japan. For example, as of the effective date of this policy, the United States does not have a federal privacy law that covers all types of data; however, privacy is regulated by federal and state agencies and by various state laws. In light of regional differences, Okta has put in place various safeguards and the security measures described above. For example, when we share Personal Data, we take reasonable steps so that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of data protection, for example, by entering into the appropriate agreements containing relevant data protection provisions or we will ask you for your prior consent to such international data transfers.
Auth0, LLCs Adherence to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Auth0 LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Auth0, LLC has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Auth0, LLC has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Pursuant to the DPF Program, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States in reliance on the DPF Program should direct their query to privacy@okta.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request using the contact information described in the “
How to Contact Okta
” section below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Auth0 LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints should contact Okta at privacy@okta.com. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you can refer your unresolved inquiries or complaints to the Data Privacy Framework Services owned and operated by BBB National Programs
here
.  The services of the Data Privacy Framework Services are provided at no cost to you.  If your DPF Principles-related complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms, as described
here
. Individuals located in the EEA, UK or in Switzerland with DPF Principles-related inquiries or complaints may email or write to us, using the contact information described in the “
How to Contact Okta
” section below.
Okta is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Okta complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Auth0 LLC’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
VIII. Children
Okta’s websites are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, please contact us by using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section, below, and we will take steps to delete such Personal Data from our systems.
IX. How Long Does Okta Keep Your Data?
We will retain your Personal Data for a period of time that is consistent with the original purpose of the data collection, or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data by considering the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Data processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
X. Your Information Choices
Your Privacy Choices
In the above sections, we describe how we may collect, use and share your Personal Data for providing relevant content and advertising. Below, we describe how you may unsubscribe, opt out, or otherwise modify settings related to our processing of your Personal Data.
Direct Email Marketing.
If you wish to withdraw from direct email marketing communications from Okta, you may click the “unsubscribe” button included in our emails or:
Visit our
Subscription Center
. Please note, you cannot unsubscribe from critical transactional emails that are related to our provision of our online Service (such as those related to security and your Okta account).
For the Okta Talent Community, then you may visit our Talent Community unsubscribe page
here
.
For Okta Consumer Products, you may update your preferences by logging into your account
here
.
Direct Marketing – Phone or Postal Mailings.
If you wish to withdraw from phone call or postal mail marketing communications from Okta, please request to do so through our
form
.
Analytics
. To opt-out of analytics on our websites, you may adjust your cookie preferences as described below. For more information on how to opt-out of tracking technology from Google Analytics, click
here
. To opt-out of Marketo’s tracking technology, click
here
.
If you are a user of the Okta online service via a subscription purchased for you by an Okta customer, to opt-out of platform-based analytics on an individual level, including participation in the Okta Ideas forum, please contact us at privacy@okta.com or please make a request for this through our
form
.
Cookie Preferences
. To manage the use of relevant advertising and other non-essential cookies, please see details below:
We use OneTrust as a service provider to help you manage cookies. Click the following
Cookies Settings
OneTrust preference center or the
Auth0 by Okta Cookie Settings
to opt-out of relevant advertising and other non-essential cookies. (You may need to adjust your browser or cookie settings to access if you have already made a choice to accept cookies.)
You may also adjust your web browser settings to opt-out of non-essential cookies. Please understand that blocking or deleting non-essential cookies may affect our websites’ functionality.
If you came to our websites from personalized advertising, then you may further opt out of interest-based advertising from our advertising vendors through the Digital Advertising Alliance by using the following, applicable link(s): (i)
USA
; (ii)
Europe
; (iii)
Canada
; and (iv)
Other regions
.
Note that any choice with regards to cookie-based advertising only applies to the web browser through which you exercise that choice. You will continue to see advertising, including potentially from Okta, even if you opt-out of personalized advertising.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data that we process in our capacity as a data controller, subject to applicable law:
Right to Access
. You have the right to access your Personal Data held by us.
Right to Rectification
. You have the right to rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing, to ensure it is complete.
Right to Erasure (or “Right to be Forgotten”)
. You have the right to have your Personal Data erased or deleted.
Right to Restrict Processing
. You have the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data.
Right to Data Portability
. You have the right to transfer your Personal Data, when possible.
Right to Object
. You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data that is carried out on the basis of legitimate interests, such as direct marketing.
Right to Opt Out of Sale
. You may also have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Data with third parties for targeted advertising purposes on third-party sites.  As described in Section III above, Okta may use targeted or advertising cookies for our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. Depending on your jurisdiction (for example, if you are a California resident), you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data by us as a business. Okta shares Personal Data as further described below in Section XI, which may be considered a “sale” of Personal Data under the California Consumer Privacy Act. You may opt out by clicking the “
Your Privacy Choices
” link at the bottom of our website and selecting your preferences on that page.
Right Not to be Subject to Automated Decision-Making
. You have the right not to be subject to automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects. Okta does not currently engage in the foregoing on our websites or in our products and services.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights as described above.
If you would like to make a request and exercise your rights described above or have questions or concerns, please complete our online
form
or reach out to us using the contact information below. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your relevant supervisory authority.
XI. Information for California Residents / Your California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to understand and request that we disclose details about how we handle your Personal Data. If you would like to learn about our process for verifying requests, including the details that you must provide to us to verify your request,
click here
. To learn more about how we collect, use, disclose, and share your Personal Data, please see below.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Data about California consumers. We may collect this Personal Data directly from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us. For additional detail about the Personal Data that we collect and the sources from which we collect this Personal Data, please review Section III above. The Personal Data categories are:
identifiers, such as name, email address, address, and phone number;
categories of Personal Data described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80, such as address, telephone number, employment, and employment history;
commercial information, such as records of products or services purchased and other transactional data;
Internet or other network or device activity details, such as technical data about your use of our website, products and services;
geolocation data, such as your approximate location based on IP address;
audio, electronic, or visual data, such as part of a photo or recording for an Okta in-person or virtual event;
professional or employment-related information, such as your employer and job role;
education information and details such as education history, certifications and qualifications;
any other information you provide to Okta in connection with a job application, such as information contained in a cover letter, information disclosed in an interview, or other information you volunteer during the application process; and
inferences drawn from any of the above information.
We may retain this Personal Data for as long as is needed for the purpose(s) for which it was collected and no longer than is relevant and reasonably necessary. Our retention periods vary based on business, legal and regulatory needs. We securely retain records of data requests for at least 24 months as required under the CCPA.  For further information on our retention criteria see
Section IX
above.
Business and Commercial Purposes for Collection; Disclosures for a Business Purpose
We may collect all of the above categories of Personal Data to run our business and carry out our day-to-day activities, as described above in Section IV. We have disclosed each of these categories of Personal Data with our service providers for various business purposes, as described above in Section V, in the preceding 12 months.
We collect and process Personal Data related to job applicants to recruit and hire, assess and evaluate a job applicant’s skills and qualifications, comply with legal obligations, and send information about positions at Okta that may be of interest to individuals.
Categories of Personal Data Sold or Shared for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the above categories of Personal Data to third-party advertising partners, such as in connection with our use of tracking technologies for cross-context behavioral advertising or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers, so that we can reach you across the web with advertisements for our products and services. This may be considered “sharing” or a “sale” under the CCPA. You can read more about our sharing and sales activities above in Section III and Section V. Okta does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares the personal data of consumers under 16 years of age.
Categories of Personal Data Sold or Shared for Job Applicants
Okta has not sold or shared any Personal Data relating to job applicants, in the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy.
Sensitive Personal Data
In addition to the categories of Personal Data listed above, we may collect certain categories of Sensitive Personal Data from you as that term is defined under CCPA, if you choose to provide it. In the preceding 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of Sensitive Personal Data from California consumers:
Social Security Number, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
account log-In, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account;
precise geolocation;
racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership;
contents of your email and text messages, unless we are the intended recipient of the communication;
biometric information for the purpose of unique identification;
health information; and
sex life or sexual orientation information.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Data Disclosed
In the preceding 12 months Okta has not sold or shared any Sensitive Personal Data; however, we may have disclosed your Sensitive Personal Data to service providers for business purposes as further described in Section V above and as set forth below.
Business Purposes For Which Sensitive Personal Data will be Used or Disclosed
We may collect the categories of Sensitive Personal Data listed for processing job applications and the purposes as further described in Section IV above, and to further our legitimate business purposes as outlined under the CCPA:
performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts;
detection and prevention of security incidents;
protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal actions and prosecuting those responsible;
auditing related to consumer interactions;
short-term, transient use;
quality and safety maintenance or verification;
internal research for technological development; and
debugging to identify and repair functionality.
Your Rights
The CCPA gives you certain rights regarding the Personal Data we collect about you:
Right to Know About Personal Data Collected, Disclosed, or Sold.
You have the right to request to know what Personal Data we collect, use, disclose, share and sell about you.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Data
. You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data collected or maintained by us as a business.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Data.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data by us as a business. Okta shares Personal Data as described above, which may be considered a “sale” of Personal Data under the CCPA.
You may opt out by clicking here “
Your Privacy Choices
” link at the bottom of our website and selecting your preferences on that page. You may also opt out by broadcasting an opt-out preference signal like the Global Privacy Control (GPC), but please note that this signal will be linked to your browser only. If you wish to learn more about the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the GPC signal, you can visit the GPC website
here
.
Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Data
.  In some instances, we may use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Data for the legitimate business purposes as outlined under the CCPA, and for any other purposes as set forth in Section IV, above.  If we ever use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Data for a reason other than the legitimate business purposes as outlined under the CCPA and for any other purposes other than those described in Section IV, we will update this Privacy Policy and provide you with instructions to limit the use and disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Data.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Data
.  You have the right to request the correction of your Personal Data if it is inaccurate and you may submit a request as further described below.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent
. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may require the agent to demonstrate proof of their authorization by providing us with a signed permission from you or a copy of your power-of-attorney document granting that right. In the case of the former, we may still request that you verify your own identity as described above or directly confirm that you have provided such permission.
Financial Incentives
. We do not provide any financial incentives tied to the collection, sale, or deletion of your Personal Data.
If you would like to make a request and exercise your rights described above, please complete our online
form
, or contact us via the telephone number listed in the section below.
XII. How to Contact Okta
If you would like to contact us with questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, you may contact us via any of the following methods:
Online Form: Click
here
.
Email: privacy@okta.com
Toll-free Number (USA): 888-655-1161
Mailing Address:
Okta, Inc. (including its subsidiary, Auth0, LLC)
ATTN: Okta Data Protection Officer (Okta Privacy Team)
100 First Street, Floor 6
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA
Okta UK Limited
ATTN: Okta Data Protection Officer (Okta Privacy Team)
20 Farringdon Road
ECIM 3HE
United Kingdom
Okta Japan K.K.
ATTN: Okta Data Protection Officer (Okta Privacy Team)
45F, Shibuya Scramble Square
2-24-12 Shibuya
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, Japan, 150-6139
A representative director for Okta in Japan is Takashi Watanabe.
Accessibility
If you are not able to access our form, you may request that a copy be provided to you in an alternative format by calling 888-655-1161 (USA toll-free) or by emailing privacy@okta.com.
XIII. Changes to the Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws and principles, and other legal requirements. If we do make updates, we will update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy webpage. If we make a materially significant update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a conspicuous notice on our website or by contacting you using the email address you provided.
For the January 01, 2023 archived Privacy Policy, please visit
https://www.okta.com/privacy-policy/2023-01-archived/
.
Okta Privacy Policy
I. Introduction
II. Okta’s Roles & Responsibilities
III. Personal Data We Collect and Data Sources
Covered Data Processing Activities
Personal Data We Collect From Other Sources
Device Data, Usage Data, Ancillary Data, Diagnostic Data, and Metadata We Collect
IV. How We Use Personal Data
V. Personal Data Disclosed by Okta and Data You Choose to Disclose to Other Entities
Personal Data Disclosed by Okta
VI. Okta’s Security Posture & Measures Taken
VII. International Data Transfers
VIII. Children
IX. How Long Does Okta Keep Your Data?
X. Your Information Choices
Your Privacy Choices
XI. Information for California Residents / Your California Privacy Rights
Your Rights
XII. How to Contact Okta
Accessibility
XIII. Changes to the Policy
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, to help us understand our marketing efforts, and to reach potential customers across the web. You can learn more by viewing our
privacy policy
.
Cookies Settings
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
See more information in the Okta Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Advertising Cookies
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Select All
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Confirm My Choices
Allow All Cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 8
https://chartbeat.com/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to content
Chartbeat Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 29, 2025
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how Chartbeat, Inc. (“Chartbeat”, “we”, “our” or “us”) collects and uses Personal Data (defined below) for which Chartbeat acts as a data controller under applicable privacy laws. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information,” “personal information,” or “personal data” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully – by visiting our website(s) including www.chartbeat.com (the “Site”) or using the Chartbeat Services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined below, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use and disclose your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Remember that your use of the Chartbeat Services is at all times subject to our
Terms of Service
and the applicable Work Order. Capitalized terms used here and defined in the Terms of Service shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service.
This Privacy Policy only addresses activities on our Site and Chartbeat Services. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage. If you are a visitor of one of our Customer’s websites that utilize the Chartbeat Services, we process your Personal Data on behalf of such Customer as a “data processor.” For additional information, please see the “
Personal Data We Process as a Data Processor
” section below.
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
. Where appropriate, we may refer you to our Customer in respect of any queries relating to the Customer as the data controller.
You may print a copy of this Privacy Policy by clicking here.
Privacy Policy Table of Contents:
Notification of Changes
Sources of Information
Personal Data
What Personal Data We Collect and How We Use It
Personal Data We Process as a Data Processor
Cookies
Our Legal Bases and Commercial or Business Purposes for Collecting Personal Data
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Your Rights
European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss Residents
U.S. Residents
Links to Third Party Websites
Privacy Protection for Children
Security
Location and Storage of Personal Data
Contact Us
1. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a notice on our website or other aspect of the Chartbeat Services, sending you an email, or by other reasonable means.
2. SOURCES OF INFORMATION
We may collect Personal Data about you from:
You:
When you provide such information directly to us, and when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of the Chartbeat Services.
Third parties
: When third parties provide us with Personal Data about you (“Third Parties”). Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:
Service Providers.
For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Chartbeat Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Social networks connected to the Chartbeat Services
. If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Chartbeat Services through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your Account with us.
Advertising partners
. We may receive Personal Data about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services related to how you interact with our websites, applications, products, services, advertisements or communications.
Our affiliates.
We may receive information about you from our affiliates, which can be used to enhance the Chartbeat Services for Customers.
3. PERSONAL DATA
What Personal Data We Collect and How We Use It
The following tables describe the kinds of Personal Data we may collect about you and our business or commercial purposes for collecting such information. One or more tables may apply to you depending on your relationship with us.
Visitors
: We may collect, or may have collected over the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Data about you if you visit our Site, sign up for our marketing materials, or otherwise engage with us before becoming a Customer (“Visitor”):
Category of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Collection
Categories of Third Parties To Whom We Disclose Personal Data
Personal Identifiers
such as name, account name, email address
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity
such as browsing history, IP address, web page interactions, referring webpage/source through which you accessed the Chartbeat Services, non-identifiable request IDs, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Device/IP Data
such as IP address, device ID, domain server, and type of device/ operating system/ browser used to access the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
Service Providers
• Advertising Partners
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
such asemails, letters, texts, or other communications you send us
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Customers
: If you are a customer, we collect, or have collecte over the past 12 months, the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Category of Personal Data
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for Collection
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Disclose this Personal Data
Personal identifiers
such as name, account name, email address, phone number, business postal address, user ID, password
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Payment Data
such as financial account information, payment card type, last 4 digits of payment card, and billing address, phone number, and email
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Service Providers (specifically our payment processing partners, currently PayPal, Inc. (“PayPal”) and  BlueSnap, Inc. (“BlueSnap”)
Device/IP Data
such as IP address, device ID, domain server, and type of device/ operating system/ browser used to access the Chartbeat Services
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Analytics Partners
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Commercial Data
such as purchase history
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Professional or Employment-Related Data
such as job title
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Marketing the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Affiliates
• Business Partners
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
such asemails, letters, texts, or other communications you send us
• Providing, Customizing and Improving the Chartbeat Services
• Corresponding with You
• Service Providers
• Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Personal Data That We Process as a Data Processor
We process certain Personal Data (including as may be collected via on our Customers’ websites) as a data processor in connection with the Chartbeat Services. The Customer whose website you visited is the “data controller” of such Personal Data. Since we don’t control this Personal Data, we may direct you to contact such Customer directly with inquiries about your Personal Data or to exercise any rights afforded to you under applicable law.
In connection with providing the Chartbeat Services to a Customer, we use cookies on a Customer’s website depending on how the Customer configures such cookies. We do not control the Personal Data that a Customer chooses to collect through use of the Chartbeat cookies. We may use Personal Data collected through cookies on a Customer’s website to provide the Chartbeat Services, or for systems administration, abuse prevention, or as otherwise permitted under our agreement with such Customer. For additional information about the Personal Data collected by a website using a Chartbeat cookie, please see the privacy policy posted on the website you visited.
Cookies
Like most websites, our Site places cookies, pixel tags, web beacons or similar technology (“Cookies”) that serve various purposes, as described below, including to enable our servers to recognize your web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use the Chartbeat Services, analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve the Chartbeat Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to access the Chartbeat Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s).
Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Chartbeat Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time. As described further above, we also may place Cookies on our customers’ websites in connection with the Chartbeat Services.
If you are a Visitor (as defined above), we use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies
. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of the Chartbeat Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Personalization Cookies.
Personalization Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding the Chartbeat Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to the Chartbeat Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Analytics Cookies.
Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how Visitors use the Chartbeat Services. They do this by collecting information about the number of Visitors to the Chartbeat Services, what pages Visitors view on our Chartbeat Services and how long Visitors are viewing pages on the Chartbeat Services. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Chartbeat Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google LLC (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and disclose information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at www.google.com/privacy_ads.html or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Targeted Advertising Cookies
. Targeted Advertising Cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests for the purposes of serving advertising that might interest you and may be targeted to users who fit certain general profile categories or display certain preferences or behaviors (“Targeted Advertising”). For more information about Targeted Advertising, please see the section below titled “Information about Targeted Advertisements.”
If you are a Customer, we use the following types of Cookies:
Essential, Personalization, and Performance/Analytical Cookies
. We use Essential Cookies and Personalization Cookies to allow Customers to login without entering their user ID and password each time they use the Chartbeat Services and to otherwise provide the Chartbeat Services. [We also use Analytics Cookies to understand how Customers are using the Chartbeat Services, what pages Customers view on our Chartbeat Services and how long Customers are viewing pages on the Chartbeat Services. Analytics Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising.]
We do not collect Personal Data from Customers through Targeted Advertising cookies or otherwise engage in Targeted Advertising for Customers, except to the limited extent such Customer is a Visitor.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. With respect to cookies on our Site, you can also explore what cookie settings are available to you or modify your preferences with respect to cookies via cookie management settings by clicking “
Your Privacy Settings
[Author11]
” in the footer of the Site or by implementing the Global Privacy Control. If a Customer disables cookies, it will not be able to use the data tracking capabilities of the Chartbeat Services.
Information about Targeted Advertisements
We may serve targeted advertisements, and also allow third-party ad networks, including third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms, to serve advertisements through the Site. Information for Targeted Advertising (including Personal Data) may be provided to us by you, or derived from the usage patterns of particular users on the Site and/or services of third parties. Such information may be gathered through tracking users’ activities across time and unaffiliated properties, including when you leave the Site. To accomplish this, we or our service providers may deliver Cookies, including a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Site. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Web beacons allow ad networks to view, edit or set their own Cookies on your browser, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
4. OUR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES AND LEGAL BASES FOR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Visitors
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services
Providing you with the Site or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Operating and providing support and assistance for the Site.
Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Site, its content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal or as otherwise set forth in applicable U.S. state privacy laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CCPA” and collectively with other applicable U.S. state privacy laws, the “U.S. State Privacy Laws”).
Marketing the Chartbeat Services
Marketing and selling the Chartbeat Services.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based, online behavioral or targeted advertising.
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Chartbeat or the Chartbeat Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences.
Customers
Providing, Customizing and Improving the Site and the Chartbeat Services
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Processing orders or other transactions; billing.
Providing you with the products, services or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Chartbeat Services.
Improving the Chartbeat Services, including testing, research, internal analytics and product development.
Personalizing the Chartbeat Services, website content and communications based on your preferences.
Doing fraud protection, security and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in the U.S. State Privacy Laws.
Corresponding with You
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you when necessary or requested, and sending you information about Chartbeat or the Chartbeat Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences.
Processing Grounds under the GDPR
If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, we will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.
Contractual Necessity:
We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Service with you, which enables us to provide you with the Chartbeat Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Chartbeat Services that require such data.
Visitors
: Personal Identifiers, Device/IP data, and Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide.
Customers
:
Personal Identifiers, Payment Data, and Other Identifying Information that You Voluntarily Choose to Provide.
Legitimate Interest
: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties:
Visitors
: Internet or Other Similar Network Activity and Device/IP Data.
Customers
:
Device/IP Data, Commercial Data, and Professional or Employment-Related Data.
We may also de-identify or anonymize Personal Data to further our legitimate interests, as described further below.
Examples of these legitimate interests include (as described in more detail above):
Providing, customizing and improving the Chartbeat Services.
Marketing the Chartbeat Services.
Corresponding with you.
Meeting legal requirements and enforcing legal terms.
Completing corporate transactions.
Consent:
In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.
Other Processing Grounds
: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.
Other Permitted Purposes for Processing Personal Data
In addition, each of the above referenced categories of Personal Data may be collected, used, and disclosed with the government, including law enforcement, or other parties to meet certain legal requirements and enforcing legal terms including: fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation, court order or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or prohibited activities; protecting the rights, property or safety of you, Chartbeat or another party; enforcing any agreements with you; responding to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights; and resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice or obtaining your consent.
5. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may disclose your Personal Data as described in this section, or with your express consent.
Service Providers
These parties help us provide the Chartbeat Services or perform business functions on our behalf. They include:
Hosting, technology and communication providers.
Analytics providers for web traffic or usage of the site.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Support and customer service vendors.
Product fulfillment and delivery providers.
Payment processors.
Our payment processing partners, PayPal and BlueSnap, collect your voluntarily-provided payment card information necessary to process your payment.
Please see PayPal or BlueSnap terms of service and privacy policy for information on its use and storage of your Personal Data.
Affiliates and Business Partners
We may disclose certain Personal Data to our corporate affiliates or parties that partner with us in offering various services, including businesses that you have a relationship with or companies that we partner with to offer joint promotional offers or opportunities.
Additionally, Chartbeat may partner with Business Partners in offering various services, including businesses that you have a relationship with and companies that we partner with to offer joint promotional offers or opportunities.
Third Parties You Authorize, Access or Authenticate
Solely at your direction or based on your authorization or use, we may disclose certain Personal Data to third parties you access through the services, including social media services.
Legal Obligations
We may disclose any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Other Permitted Purposes for Processing Personal Data” section above.
Voluntary Public Disclosure by You of Personal Data
Please be aware that whenever one voluntarily discloses Personal Data online – e.g., on message boards, in chat areas, in file uploads, through events, etc. – that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others and indexed in search engines. We have no control over, and take no responsibility for, the use, storage or dissemination of such publicly disclosed Personal Data. By posting Personal Data online in public forums, users may receive unsolicited messages from other parties.
Aggregated and Anonymized Data
Chartbeat may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Chartbeat Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
You may exercise your rights with us in accordance with this section. Please note that your rights may be subject to additional requirements, conditions, or exceptions in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about your rights, please reach out to
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
You may receiving marketing communications from us, for instance, when you register for the Chartbeat Services or visit the Site. If you would like to opt-out of such communications, you may unsubscribe in the link provided in any email communication.
European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss Residents
If you are a European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom (“UK”), or Swiss resident, you have certain rights pursuant to applicable law, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), as set forth below. If there are any conflicts between this this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict.
If you have any questions about this section, whether any of the following applies to you, or the rights described below, or to submit a request regarding your Personal Data, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.
EU, UK, and Swiss Resident Rights
Access:
You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access certain of your Personal Data by logging on to your account.
Rectification
:  If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly by logging on to your account.
Erasure:
You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Withdrawal of Consent:
If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of the Chartbeat Services.
Portability:
You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.
Objection:
You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Right to File Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint about Chartbeat’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Transfers of Personal Data
The Chartbeat Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Chartbeat and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Chartbeat Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Chartbeat in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Chartbeat to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. In some circumstances, your Personal Data may be transferred to the U.S. pursuant to a data processing agreement incorporating standard data protection clauses and/or the Data Privacy Framework(s), as discussed below.
Data Privacy Framework
Chartbeat and its subsidiary Tubular Labs, Inc. (“Tubular”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK-U.S. DPF”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively, the “DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Chartbeat and Tubular have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we they adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) and applicable principles under the UK-U.S. DPF (“UK-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF. Chartbeat and Tubular have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and the UK-U.S. DPF Principles, collectively, the “DPF Principles”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Chartbeat’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Data we collect, the purposes for which we collect and use your Personal Data, and the purposes for which we disclose your Personal Data to certain types of third parties in the sections above. Pursuant to the DPF, EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain Personal Data relating to you in the U.S. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the Personal Data that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the Personal Data we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the U.S. under DPF, should direct their query to privacy@chartbeat.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. This Privacy Policy has additional information about the rights afforded to you.
We will provide you with the choice to opt-out from the sharing of your Personal Data, with any third parties (other than our agents or those that act on our behalf or under our instruction), or before we use it for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized.
In addition to any other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, in certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Chartbeat’s accountability for Personal Data that we receive in the U.S. under the DPF and subsequently transfer to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf is described in the DPF Principles. In particular, we remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agents process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Chartbeat proves that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Chartbeat commits to DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. European Union, United Kingdom, or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Chartbeat at privacy@chartbeat.com.
Chartbeat has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to a U.S.-based independent dispute resolution mechanism, BBB NATIONAL PROGRAMS. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbbprograms.org/dpf-complaints for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. For more information, see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, located at https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2.
B.
U.S. Residents
If you reside in certain U.S. states, you may have certain rights afforded to you (as described below) depending on your state of residence. Please see the “
Exercising Your U.S. State Privacy Law Rights
” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. Please note that we may process Personal Data of our customers’ end users or employees in connection with our provision of certain services to our customers. If we are processing your Personal Data as a service provider, you should contact the entity that collected your Personal Data in the first instance to address your rights with respect to such data. Please note that your rights may be subject to certain conditions or exceptions in accordance applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws.
If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following rights apply to you, please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
Access.
You may have the right to request confirmation of or access to the Personal Data that we process about you. You can also request access to a portable copy of your Personal Data. If you are an Oregon resident, you also have the right to request a list of specific third parties, other than natural persons, to which we have disclosed Personal Data.
Deletion
. You may have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected about you.
Correction.
You may have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data we have collected about you.
Portability
. You may have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format, to the extent technically feasible.
Selling/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
. We do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Data, except to the extent you are a Visitor.
If you are a Visitor, depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to opt out from the (1) selling, (2) sharing, or (3) processing for the purposes of targeted advertising of your Personal Data. These or similar terms may be defined differently depending the applicable U.S. State Privacy Law. For clarity, when we use the term “sell,” we mean for valuable consideration and not for any monetary value.
If you have the right to opt-out of the sale or share of your Personal Data, you can do so by following the instructions in the “
Exercising Your U.S. State Privacy Law Rights
” section. Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to reauthorize the sale of your Personal Data for at least 12 months.
We may sell or share your Personal Data as a Visitor to or with the following categories of third parties:
Ad networks and marketing providers.
Over the past 12 months, we may have sold or shared the following categories of your Personal Data, solely to the extent you are a Visitor and only to categories of third parties listed above:
Personal Identifiers and Internet or Other Similar Network Activity Information.
To our knowledge, we do not sell or share the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age
We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the U.S. State Privacy Laws
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the U.S. State Privacy Laws. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the U.S. State Privacy Laws. However, we may have different tiers of the Chartbeat Services as allowed by applicable data protection laws (including the U.S. State Privacy Laws) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.
Exercising Your U.S. Privacy Rights
To exercise the rights described in this Privacy Policy, you or, if permitted by applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws, your Authorized Agent (defined below) must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data (such as your Contact or Profile Data), and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within the time period required by applicable privacy laws. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
Request to Opt-Out of Sale, Share, and/or Targeted Advertising
As applicable, you may opt-out from any “sales,” “shares,” or targeted advertising through Cookies, by using the following methods:
By accessing your cookie consent mechanism by accessing “Your Privacy Settings” at the bottom left of our website.
By implementing the Global Privacy Control or similar universal privacy control that is legally recognized by a government agency or industry standard and that complies with applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws. The signal issued by the control must be initiated by your browser and applies to the specific device and browser you use at the time you cast the signal.
Request to Access, Delete, or Correct
As applicable, you may submit a Valid Request for any other rights afforded to you in this Privacy Policy by emailing us at:
privacy@chartbeat.com
.
For residents of certain states, you may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a request on your behalf.
Appealing a Denial
If we refuse to take action on your request within a reasonable period of time after receiving your request in accordance with this section, you may appeal our decision if permitted by applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws. In such appeal, you must (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom the original request pertains and to identify the original request, and (2) provide a description of the basis of your appeal. Please note that your appeal will be subject to your rights and obligations afforded to you under the U.S. State Privacy Laws (as applicable). We will respond to your appeal within the time period required under the applicable law. You can submit a Verified Request to appeal by emailing us at:
privacy@chartbeat.com
(title must include “[STATE OF RESIDENCE] Appeal”).
If we deny your appeal, in certain states you have the right to contact the Attorney General of your State, including by the following links:
Colorado
,
Connecticut
,
Montana
,
Oregon
,
Texas
, and
Virginia
.
7. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Site may contain links to third party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites you choose to visit. If you provide any Personal Data directly to parties other than us, different rules may apply to the use or disclosure of that Personal Data. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing your Personal Data to third parties.
8. PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and applicable data protection laws, we do not knowingly provide access to the Chartbeat Services to persons under the age of eighteen (18). If we learn that any user of the Chartbeat Services is under the age of eighteen (18), we will take appropriate steps to remove that user’s information from our records and we will restrict that individual from future access to the Chartbeat Services. Please contact us at
privacy@chartbeat.com
if you are aware that we may have inadvertently collected Personal Data from a child.
9. SECURITY AND RETENTION
We have implemented security measures to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted storage, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of Personal Data which is collected and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Each of our employees and agents are aware of our security policies; Personal Data is only available to those employees and agents who need it to perform their jobs.
We keep your Personal Data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data is processed. The length of time for which we retain Personal Data depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Except as required by applicable laws or in order to defend any actual or possible legal claims, we will take reasonable steps to return or irretrievably delete all Personal Data processed on behalf of our Customers when it is no longer required to exercise or perform our rights or obligations under our Terms of Service (provided that we may retain Customer’s employee/users’ Personal Data to provide future notices to Customer and respond to future Customer or legal inquiries).
10. HR DATA
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Chartbeat commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about how we use your Personal Data, or if you would like to request access to your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, please contact Chartbeat at privacy@chartbeat.com, or Chartbeat, Inc. at 701 Tillery Street, Unit 12-1019, Austin, Texas 78702.
Individuals and the data protection supervisory authorities in the EU/EEA and individuals and the data protection supervisory authority (“ICO”) in the UK may also contact our data protection representatives according to Article 27 GDPR:
EU: DP-Dock GmbH, Attn.: Chartbeat, Ballindamm 39, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
UK: DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd., Attn.: Chartbeat, 16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
www.dp-dock.com
chartbeat@gdpr-rep.com
You may also make a complaint to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or the data protection regulator in the country where you usually live or work, or where an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation has taken place. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through the courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Sub-policy 9
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 10
https://www.scientificamerican.com/page/california-consumer-privacy-statement/:
Last updated: 10/5/2021
This California Consumer Privacy Statement (“Statement”) supplements and should be read in conjunction with the privacy policies of the product sites listed below (“Privacy Policies”):
https://www.nature.com/info/privacy
https://www.springer.com/gb/privacy-policy
https://www.biomedcentral.com/privacy-statement
https://www.scientificamerican.com/page/privacy-policy/
For a full list of Springer Nature-owned platforms that this Statement may apply to, please click on the link directly below.
www.springernature.com/gp/products
This Statement applies solely to California consumers and addresses personal information we collect online and offline. This Statement does not apply to Springer Nature personnel or job applicants.
This Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).
1. NOTICE OF COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers:
identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, telephone number, account name, classifications under California or federal law (e.g. race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, gender identity) and other similar identifiers.
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80:
credit card number, debit card number, bank account information and other financial information.
Commercial Information:
commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Online Activity:
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements.
Employment Information:
professional or employment-related information
Education Information:
education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
Inferences:
inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement) your personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Policies and for the following business purposes specified in the CCPA (“Business Purposes”):
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us;
2. SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have obtained personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you, such as when you register for our services or subscribe to our newsletters
Your devices, such as when you visit our website
Our affiliates
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Our joint marketing partners
Our publishing partners
Data analytics providers
Government entities
Operating systems and platforms
Social networks
Data brokers
Institutional customers
Cooperative Databases
3. SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration. We may allow certain third parties (such as online advertising services) to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our website in exchange for non-monetary consideration. We share the categories of personal information listed below for online advertising purposes, e-commerce and to provide third-party social network features and functionality on our website. You have the right to opt-out of this disclosure of your information, which may be considered a “sale” under California law, via cookie management in the privacy preference centers of each platform listed above.
That said, due to technical limitations and in the interest of the users, we do not necessarily know the identities of all visitors to our platforms at all times based on the settings they adopt. Your opt-out of cookies setting would only apply to the browser and device you are currently using as we do not make any attempts to link devices you use. If you clear cookies or if you use a new browser or device, your opt-out cookie may no longer be available. As a result, in those situations we may still ask that you authorize the “sale” of your personal information when you visit our platforms, by asking you to accept cookies, within 12 months after you opt out the “sale” of your information.
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have “sold”, to the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include advertising technology activities, the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services and social networks:
Identifiers
Online Activity
Inferences
Our websites are not directed at minors, and we do not knowingly collect, much less sell, any personal information from minors under the age of 16 through our websites. However, if the parent or the guardian of a minor under 16 years old believes that the minor has provided us with personal information, the parent or guardian of that minor should contact us at
customerservice@springernature.com
to request the deletion of this information from our files.
4. SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement, we may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below. For specific third party recipients, please see the applicable Privacy Policy.
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a Business Purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Party
Identifiers
Our affiliates
Vendors providing services on our behalf
Our joint marketing partners
Our publishing partners
Data analytics providers
Government entities
Institutional customers
Operating systems and platforms
Social networks
Cooperative Databases
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80 Law
Our affiliates
Vendors providing services on our behalf
Our publishing partners
Commercial Information
Our affiliates
Vendors providing services on our behalf
Our joint marketing partners
Our publishing partners
Data analytics providers
Government entities
Institutional customers
Online Activity
Our affiliates
Vendors providing services on our behalf
Our joint marketing partners
Our publishing partners
Data analytics providers
Government entities
Operating systems and platforms
Social networks
Institutional customers
Employment Information
Our affiliates
Vendors providing services on our behalf
Our publishing partners
Government entities
Institutional customers
Education Information
Vendors providing services on our behalf
Government entities
Institutional customers
Inferences
Our affiliates
Vendors providing services on our behalf
Our joint marketing partners
Our publishing partners
Data analytics providers
Government entities
Institutional customers
5. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below.
Access
: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion
: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out of Sale
: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
Shine the Light Request
: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (a) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) the identity of those third parties.
How to Submit a Request.
To submit an access or deletion request, please email us at
customerservice@springernature.com
or call us at 1-800-777-4643 and indicate what you wish to access and what you wish to have deleted.
Please understand that we cannot delete personal information in those situations where our retention is required for Business Purposes as detailed above. In these situations, we will retain your information in accordance with our records retention program and securely delete it at the end of the retention period.
We do not offer financial incentives for the collection or sale of personal information, although we may offer individuals the opportunity to receive coupons or discounts via email. If you ask us to delete your information, we will not be able to send you additional coupons or discounts via email, however coupons or discounts sent to you previously will continue to be honored according to their original terms. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under CCPA.
To the extent advertising technology activities (e.g online advertising, e-commerce and related tools) are interpreted as a “sale” under the CCPA , please visit the cookie preference center when you first visit a Springer Nature site to opt out of such sales. You have the ability to update your preferences at any time via the Manage Cookies link in the page footer of the same site. We collect pseudonymised or aggregated data, e.g. shortened IP addresses to analyse the use of our websites and, thereby, improve and optimize the websites and to display advertising tailored to your needs. We collect this data (to improve your website experience and to promote our products and services) via OneTrust, a cookie management tool.
To submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, please send an email from your own email address to
customerservice@springernature.com
indicating the name and email address of your agent. We will respond to requests using both your email address and the agent’s email address. The request must provide enough information for us to reasonably verify you are, or are the authorized representative of, the person about whom we collected personal information. For questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, please contact us as described in the Contacting Us section of the Privacy Policy of the website you are visiting.
Verifying Requests
. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If you have an account with us, we may verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you do not have an account with us and you request access to or deletion of your personal information, we may require you to provide additional information reasonable enough to verify your identity. In addition, if you do not have an account and you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we may require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
Additional Information
. If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
We Value Your Privacy
We use cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage & personalize content to provide social media features and to improve our marketing efforts. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for the described purposes.
View Our Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Performance Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting (1st Party)
Google & IAB TCF 2 Purposes of Processing
Targeting (3rd Party)
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting (1st Party)
These cookies may be set through our site by ourselves. They may be used by ourselves to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant content or adverts on our sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you may experience less personalised content and/or advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Google & IAB TCF 2 Purposes of Processing
Allowing third-party ad tracking and third-party ad serving through Google and other vendors to occur. Please see more information on Google Ads
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting (3rd Party)
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Back
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
View Third Party Cookies
Name
cookie name
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel