Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Read here how we process your data if you are our merchant, customer of our merchant, partner, vendor or visitor of our website.
Read more
Privacy Policy for Personal Services
If we provide services directly to you for your personal and not business use ("Personal Services"), you use our mobile app SumUp Pay or gift cards issued by SumUp’s Merchants, please read here how we process your data.
Read more
Cookies Button
Manage your cookie settings
At SumUp, we use some essential cookies to make our site work. We’d also like to use additional cookies to add to your experience. Accepting these will mean we can understand how to make our website better for you.
Accept all cookies
Reject all cookies
Manage cookies
Your cookie settings
Some cookies are needed for us to keep our website up and running, but you can choose to turn on or off certain other types of cookies based on your preferences. Find out more about each category of cookie, what we use them for and how they benefit you here. You can select which cookies you’d like to allow by moving the corresponding toggle. 

Please keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on this website and how we can improve or personalise our service for you.
Find out more
Allow all cookies
Always Active
We use these cookies to run our website, they’re essential and they can’t be switched off. They’re usually only used in response to actions made by you, such as logging in or filling in forms. We don’t store any personally identifiable information about you with these cookies.
Performance cookies
We use this category of cookie to count visits and to see where our visitors come from. We can use this information to improve the performance of our site for you. With these, we can also see the most and least popular web pages and activity on the site. All of the information these cookies collect is combined, so you’ll stay anonymous.
Functional cookies
We use these cookies to enhance your experience on the website by providing extra functionality and personalisation. These cookies could be used by us or by companies that provide additional services on our website. If you don’t allow these cookies, some or all of these services might not work.
Targeting cookies
These could be used by our advertising partners to understand your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They won’t identify you personally, but will recognise your browser and device. If you don’t allow these cookies, you’ll see less relevant ads.
Social media cookies
We’ve added these cookies to the site so that you can share content with your social media networks. These are then used by those companies (like Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter) to build up a profile of you and to track your browser across other sites. If you don’t allow these cookies, you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Back
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label