Tiny Calendar Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Tiny Calendar for mobile devices that was created by Fengge Apps. We regard the protection and the confidentiality of your data as very important.
What information does Tiny Calendar obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
Tiny Calendar does not obtain any information you provide when you download Tiny Calendar.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, Tiny Calendar may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use Tiny Calendar.
Permissions Used in Tiny Calendar for Android
a) GET_ACCOUNTS, Tiny Calendar uses this permission to get google calendars and event from server.
b) READ_CONTACTS, Tiny Calendar uses this permission to read your local contacts with email addresses, which will be used to attendee function in app.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by Tiny Calendar?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve Tiny Calendar and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
• as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
• when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
• with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
• if Fengge Apps is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information easily by uninstalling Tiny Calendar. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use Tiny Calendar and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via Tiny Calendar please contact us at tinycalendar.a@appxy.com, and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for Tiny Calendar to function properly.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using Tiny Calendar, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using Tiny Calendar, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
tinycalendar@appxy.com
.