V3.02, Last Updated February 13, 2025
These terms of service govern your use of the Bazaart software and website, licensed to you by Bazaart Ltd. You can decide to reject these terms of service, and that you do not agree to them. However, if you do so then you shall have no right to use the software or services.
We develop software for designing and editing graphics, photos and videos (each of them is a “design”). When using the software, we’ll provide you access to content that we licensed from our partners. You own all the rights for your designs, but if you do not have a specific permission to use an image or a video, we can’t provide you with that permission.
The content we licensed through our collections is provided with a license (as detailed in the full terms). If you import content from outside our collections (including via custom fonts), you may do so, but you are required to receive permission from the copyright holders. This means that we don’t claim any ownership of your designs.
Also, we may allow you to backup your designs, or to share them with your friends via other social networks, all according to functionality of the services.
Please take note that when using our services some information may be processed by third parties: photos may be processed by image processing services, videos may be processed by video processing services, statistical information may be collected by our service providers and technical information may be collected for improving the service.
Lastly, this service is made on an AS-IS basis; we can’t be held liable for any damage: not if your phone heats up and blows, not if your data is lost and not if your designs are published on the web publicly.
Please take the time to read the full terms of service, as they are the final and definite agreement we have.
Sign-Up and Registration
1.
Eligibility
. When enrolling into the service, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are either over 18 years of age, or if you’re over 13 and under 18, you obtained your legal guardian’s consent to these terms;(ii) you are the physical owner of your device. This means that you cannot use a cellphone you received from the workplace in order to install this application without your employer’s consent; (iii) you are not a sex offender, nor have you been convicted with any violent crime or any crime against your children.
2.
There Is No Mandatory Signup
. We do not coerce you into signing up for the service. We encourage it. If you plan to use your account on more than one device, or subscribe to our services, you must sign up and create an account.
3.
Signup
. You may either sign up using Google, Meta, or Apple’s sign-in methods. Your use of the service is dependent on access to these services.
Services
We offer the following services, each of them is a “service” by itself, and all are considered a “service” under this agreement.
4. We may allow you to perform certain photo and video editing and manipulation services. These may be changed from time to time.
5. We may allow you to publish your designs on the web. If you wish to do so, you can upload your designs to other services.
6. We may allow you to share your designs with third parties, such as WhatsApp or other services. If you share content via these services, you are required to adhere to their terms of service.
7.
We may allow you to add different filters, import content (including music)
from selected vendors.
a.
Icons you import from the Noun Project through our shapes function are independently licensed under a Creative-Commons Share Alike license.
b.
Content you incorporate from Pexels is permitted for use
under their applicable license
and their restrictions. Please use the hyperlink to review their usage and avoid infringing on Pexels’ rights and Pexels’ users rights.
c. Content from Soundstripe is licensed under their respective license and allowed for personal and commercial use as stated in their specific applicable license.
d. Content from Stable Diffusion is licensed under Stability.AI’s
terms
and
privacy policy
and it has material content restrictions on the use and distributions. Please check such licenses before using this feature.
8.
We may allow you to incorporate your own fonts into your works, where you choose and manage the fonts. You should inspect the licenses for these fonts and see that you are permitted to use them in your works before uploading them to our service or distributing them to the public.
9. We may also offer premium features for paid users. These may include advanced tools and access to more licensed content and graphic resources.
10. We may allow you to backup your designs to our cloud backup services. This service might be made available in part only for registered, paying users.
Each of the services may be deprecated or removed at any time.
Content Policy
This content policy applies both to the content you submit through the service for us to use, share with other via the service or third parties, and for content others submit that you may use.
11. By either providing us with visual, textual, audiovisual, or other material or by using our service to share content, You hereby accept this content policy as set forth. You acknowledge that any violation of the content policy may cause termination of your service, removal of your content and legal action by both ourselves and the person whose rights were infringed.
12. For the purpose of this policy, the term Content shall refer to images and/or text and/or videos used by yourself while creating content through the service and published through it.
13.
License
. You hereby warrant that you are the sole owner and proprietor of any Content you distribute through the service, or that you are allowed to post it under this content policy. You hereby grant us an irrevocable, permanent, unlimited, world-wide, royalty-free, sublicensable, non-exclusive license to use your Content according to the functionality of service and through other third party services, including the creation of derivative works and the creation of three dimensional works. If you shared your Content via a third party service, then you grant each person you shared your Content with the right to send this Content to third parties, and to display, store or use this Content via such third party and according to its terms of service.
14.
Our License To You
. We provide you, as our user, a limited, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable, license to use all the images and works made available via the services to create your own designs through the services. If you prepare digital or physical items containing our licensed content, then you may only use it for 5,000 units. This applies for digital downloads, prints, handouts and physical devices or copies. This means you can use our image banks, our libraries and our filters. However, you cannot reuse, resell or license to others our licensed content or otherwise convey it in a manner which does not reflect major alterations. This, for example, means that you can use the backgrounds we provide for designs under this limitation, but you cannot just copy these backgrounds and reuse them in a different application or sell them to a stock-photo or stock-video website. If you plan to use our licensed content in more than 5,000 units, contact us and we will review the usage and may allow you to do so according to our discretion. The Software is bundled with fonts, licensed under the
SIL Open Font License v1.1
. Links to these fonts are available at
https://www.bazaart.com/attribution
. AI generated Images may have additional restrictions based on their origin. We request that if you plan to use them in any commercial or public manner, you review these terms and the terms of their generative service before distributing them.
15.
Publicity License.
You hereby grant us permission to use your name, image, information and likeness in relation to the content you posted. Meaning, that we may use your face, photos and profile photo to promote the Content.
16.
Offensive Content.
You hereby warrant that your Content is not offensive and does not infringe the right of any third party, including, but not only:
Intellectual Property Infringing
. Your content does not infringe any third party copyright, design, patent, trademark, trade secrets or any other intellectual property rights.
Pornography
. Your Content does not contain any text, image or depiction including extreme nudity, profanity, sexual activity, sexual innuendos, sexually offensive or otherwise obscene. We may allow artistic nudity and non-pornographic use of exposed bodies.
Slanderous
. Your Content does not slander, defame or otherwise harm the good name of others.
Hate Speech and Racism
. Your Content does not include any hate speech or racist opinions, as well as does not incite others to violent acts against persons solely based on their inclusion in a specific group.
17.
Warranty
. You hereby warrant that you are either the sole proprietor or a designated licensee of your Content and that no other party’s rights are infringed or violated by your use of the content and the Service. You moreover warrant that no legal claim, dispute or lawsuit was filed against You or threatened against You for publishing content through the service.
18.
Notice & Takedown
. if you believe that any content hosted or posted using our services may infringe or violate any of your rights or applicable law; do contact us at
notice@bazaart.com
and we will investigate such complaint. Following the complaint, we will let the user who submitted the content know about it, and might inquire about its posting. Please note that our moderation, restoration or deletion of content does not mean that we are liable for the content in any form or under any law.
Fees and Payment
19. We may charge our fees through your Apple or Google account or independently; Google and Apple may offer refunds solely according to their policies. Our subscription is monthly or yearly recurring, and you may terminate it at any time. We may offer other payment options.
20. Payments are automatically recurring and are based on billing cycles. No refunds are provided once a billing cycle begins. Nothing in this section may limit other consumer rights you may have under applicable laws that cannot be waived.
Software License
21. We provide you with a limited, non-sublicensable, temporary, license to use our software. You may not provide any person with a copy of our software, nor may you reverse-engineer, decompile, circumvent or otherwise attempt to make our software’s source code or features available. You may not attempt to obtain Premium functionality without a Premium account. We may revoke your license at any time and for any reason.
Privacy Policy
22. You are not required under law to provide us with any information. However, if you do not provide us with such information we will not be able to provide you with the services.
23.
What Personally Identifiable Information Do We Retain?
We collect some raw information which may be considered as personally identifiable, which is technical information about your device, such as your IP address, your operating system and other technical information. Moreover, when you register, we may retain the information you provided us at registration, including your name, photo and email address. If you use one of our server side services, we may also retain a copy of the data submitted to our server for a limited time. This Server Side Data may include a copy of the photos and videos processed through the service, as well as technical data relating to it. Server Side Data is deleted periodically after a short period of time, which is usually a few days. While we do not consider your designs and works as Personal Data, we do retain it if you use any of our cloud services.
24.
What Non-Personally Identifiable Information Do We Retain?
We also process information about your use of the services and other aggregate information which may not be reidentified. We may also use insights from our user surveys to improve the services and develop them.
25.
How Do We Process This Information?
We use the information to provide you with the services and to improve the services. We also use Server Side Data for quality control and improving the services. We protect your privacy and will use your information only for the required purposes to provide the services, improve them, and according to applicable laws. We may use your email address with third party services, including Amplitude for analytics and Paddle for payments. These services operate under confidentiality obligations in respect to your personal data.
26.
Who Are The Third Parties Who Have Access To This Information?
We provide access to our employees, who are under strict confidentiality obligations, and to several third parties who provide us with services.  We use the following third party services: (i) Apple Analytics; (ii) Facebook; (iii)
AppsFlyer
; (iv) Amplitude; (v) OneSignal; (vi)
Google Payments
; (vii) Google Analytics; (viii) Firebase; (ix) Hotjar Analytics; (x) Sentry.io.
27. We may also use the following services to process images, videos or provide you parts of the services: (i) Unsplash; (ii) Microsoft; (iii) Noun Project; (iv) Pexels; (v) Stability.ai; (vi) Replicate Inc.; (vii) Soundstripe;
28. We use Paddle to process payments.
29. We use Refiner to run user surveys.
30.
Can We Contact You With Promotional Offers?
Yes. We may use the information you provided us, including your email address and phone numbers to provide you with promotional offers and newsletters. We may also contact you if we believe your account was compromised. If you answered one of our surveys, we may contact you in respect to such a survey and suggest to conduct an interview.
31.
Device Permissions
We may require additional device permissions to provide you certain parts of the services. These include camera permission for taking photos and videos, microphone and speech recognition permissions to transcribe videos, and storage permissions to access files on your device for processing.
32.
What About Cookies?
We use both first party and third party cookies to provide tailored solutions, payments, session management and provide better services. You may opt-out of the cross-site targeting cookies, but without our essential cookies you may not be able to use the service.
33.
Can You Review or Remove Your Information?
Yes. You can always review your information using our software and panel. You can also request to delete all relevant information.
34.
Compliance With Law Authorities
. We comply with competent and authorized law authorities and shall provide them with information should we receive a valid request.
No Warranty
35. We supply the service on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. Your use of the service is at your own risk and under your liability. We make no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements and (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free and (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable and (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by You through the Service will meet your expectations, or (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
Liability
36. For no case and for no reason shall we be held liable for any damages, direct or indirect, consequential, exemplary, physical or special, to you, any other user or any third party due to its misperformance of duties herein. We provide Service on an AS-IS basis and shall not be held liable, to the extent permitted by law, by any case of misconduct, negligence, gross negligence, malice or any other mean, to any damages or loss of property, including loss of your funds, damages to virtual property, reputation and business reputation, user account information including login information, loss of profits, loss of good name, all resulting from the use or inability to use the services. Our liability for direct damages shall be limited to the fees that you actually paid us during the thirty days prior to the event causing the damage.
Indemnity
37. You hereby warrant and agree to hold us harmless and to indemnify us for any damage, loss, expense, legal expense or cost incurred as a result of your use of the services in direct violation of these terms of service, including any false representation.
Support
38. We provide limited support during regular business hours. Support is provided by email. We may use other support services from time to time. We cannot guarantee the response time for support, but we may provide service according to our own discretion, which might mean that paying customers shall receive faster response times.
Terminating Use of the Service
39. We shall have the right to terminate your use of the service or to terminate the service at any time and by providing a 30 day prior notice.
40. Moreover, we may terminate your use of the service at any time and without prior written notice in any case where you breached these terms and such breach may cause us irreparable harm.
Availability
41. We might disable the service from time to time for scheduled backups, maintenance or upgrades. In some extreme cases, where urgent maintenance is required, we may disable the service immediately and without notice.
Amending These Terms
42. We may amend these terms from time to time, provided that you shall be informed through electronic communication on such amendment and shall be granted the option to terminate your agreements with us by providing a 30 days prior written notice.
Governing Laws, Jurisdiction, No Class Action
43. The laws of the state of Israel shall exclusively govern these terms of service. Any dispute you may raise against us must be brought solely in the competent courts of the Tel-Aviv district. You undertake to initiate only suits on your behalf and not to file any class action lawsuit against us.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://stability.ai/privacy-policy:
We use cookies to improve your experience and for marketing.
Accept
Decline
Manage cookies
0
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 25, 2024
This privacy notice for Stability.AI ("
Company
," "
we
," "
us
," or "
our
") describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("
process
") your information when you use our services ("
Services
"), such as when you:
Visit our website at stability.ai or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice
Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you disagree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have questions or concerns, please get in touch with us at
privacy@stability.ai
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with Stability.AI and the Services, your choices, and the products and features you use.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do you receive any information from third parties?
We do not receive any information from third parties.
How do you process my information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you for security and fraud prevention, and comply with the law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have organizational and technical processes and procedures to protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information.
How do I exercise my rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is to contact us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You.
The personal information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with the Services and us, your choices, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
application information
communication information
usage information
cookies
log data
Sensitive Information.
We do not process sensitive information.
All personal information you provide must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information). It may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
The information we collect includes the following:
Log and Usage Data.
Log and usage data are service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services, which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings).
Device Data.
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
Location Data.
We collect location data, such as information about your device's location, which can be precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information by refusing access or disabling your Location setting on your device. However, if you opt-out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you for security and fraud prevention, and comply with the law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We may process the personal information you send us for our marketing purposes if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our marketing emails at any time.
To deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may process your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising tailored to your interests, location, and more.
To protect our Services.
We may process your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention.
To identify usage trends.
We may process information about how you use our Services to understand better how they are being used so we can improve them.
To determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns.
We may process your information to understand better how to provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most relevant to you.
To save or protect an individual's vital interest.
We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest and prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests.
This section applies to you if you are in the EU or UK.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have permitted us (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests. Those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described to:
§  Send users information about special offers and discounts on our products and services
§  Develop and display personalized and relevant advertising content for our users
§  Analyse how our services are used so we can improve them to engage and retain users
§  Support our marketing activities
§  Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities
Legal Obligations.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, such as cooperating with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercising or defending our legal rights, or disclosing your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as in situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
In legal terms, we are generally the “data controller” under European data protection laws of the personal information described in this privacy notice since we determine the means and/or purposes of our data processing. This privacy notice does not apply to the personal information we process as a “data processor” on behalf of our customers. In those situations, the customer with whom we provide services and with whom we have entered into a data processing agreement is the “data controller” responsible for your personal information, and we merely process your information on their behalf in accordance with your instructions. To know more about our customers' privacy practices, you should read their privacy policies and direct any questions you have to them.
If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you.
We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You can withdraw your consent at any time.
In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained promptly.
For investigations and fraud detection, and prevention.
For business transactions, provided certain conditions are met.
The collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim if it is contained in a witness statement.
Identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin.
If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be a victim of financial abuse.
If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information, the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of Canada or a province.
If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records
If an individual produced it during their employment, business, or profession, the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced.
If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes.
If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations.
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:
We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Our Cookie Notice provides specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies.
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us to keep your personal information for longer than one (1) year.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
You have certain rights under applicable data protection laws in some regions (like the EEA, UK, and Canada). These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv), if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to processing your personal information. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EEA or UK and believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we rely on your consent to process your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent, depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Opting out of marketing and promotional communications:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications anytime by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails or by contacting us. You will then be removed from the marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you, for example, to send you service-related messages necessary for your account's administration and use, respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to remove and reject cookies. If you choose to remove or reject the cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services.
9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers, mobile operating systems, and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference and not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized at this stage. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request the removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request the removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below. Include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will ensure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.).
CCPA Privacy Notice
The California Code of Regulations defines a "resident" as:
(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as "non-residents.”
If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.
We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories in instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitate the delivery of our Services and respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your personal information?
This privacy notice provides more information about our data collection and sharing practices.
You may contact us by email at
privacy@stability.ai
.
If you use an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out, we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.
Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers according to a written contract between each service provider and us. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
We may use your personal information for business purposes, such as undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered the "selling" of your personal information.
Stability.AI has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. Stability.AI will not sell personal information to website visitors, users, and other consumers in the future.
Your rights concerning your personal data
Right to request deletion of the data — Request to delete
You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation, or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
Right to be informed — Request to know:
Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
whether we collect and use your personal information;
the categories of personal information that we collect;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information de-identified in response to a consumer request or re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Verification process
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine whether you are the same person with whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with the information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g., phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additional information as soon as we finish verifying you.
Other privacy rights
You may object to the processing of your personal information.
You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant or ask to restrict the processing of the information.
You can designate an authorized agent to request the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent who does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
You may request to opt out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the request submission date.
To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at
privacy@stability.ai
or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this notice to comply with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date, and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, email us at
privacy@stability.ai
.
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, the "data controller" of your personal information is Stability AI.  You can contact us directly regarding processing your information by Stability AI by emailing us at
privacy@stability.ai
.
13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please get in touch with us at
privacy@stability.ai
.
­
­