BrandMate Privacy Policy
1. Scope.
This document is our Privacy Policy, it describes what information we collect from you and how we use it. This Privacy Policy applies to our BrandMate websites and our mobile application. This policy also applies to our products using the BrandM8 name.
Cosmos 21 reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, the features of BrandMate, or advances in technology. You should therefore check this page periodically for changes. By using our service you accept these changes and agree to be bound by the updated policy. Please contact us at support@brandm8.com if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
2. Information Collection.
We are committed to only collecting information necessary for you to use BrandMate effectively, not to create a marketing database or a dataset that would be sold to others.
Note that the organisation that provides you with access to your BrandMate system may have a different Privacy Policy for its users and employees. That organisation has access to the information we collect about you.
3. Information BrandMate Collects.
Personal Information
You do not need to personally sign up to use BrandMate. Your organisation provides us with user account details which we use to create an account for you. This information may include your full name, email address, and the geographical state or territory you are based in.
Device Information
When you use BrandMate, our servers automatically record certain information about your computer or mobile device. This information may include a device type and manufacturer, operating system type and version, phone carrier/network, country of origin, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, and the dates and times of your usage. We use this information to better understand and support the devices our customers use.
Location Information
The mobile application may ask for permission to collect information about your physical location. We use this to present you with the most appropriate locations for you to choose to do checklists at. Your location is only used within the mobile application, it is not sent to our servers or servers operated by any third party.
Camera and Photo Library Access
The mobile application may ask for permission to use your device's camera or access pictures in your Photo Library. We do not take photographs or access photos in your Photo Library without you specifically choosing them. You can choose to attach photos to answers you provide in checklists. Those photos will be transmitted to our servers where they may be used and viewed in relation to your checklist answers by us and by your organisation. The camera may also be used when scanning barcodes if your checklists contain questions involving barcode scanning.
4. Cookie Policy.
Types of Cookies
Like many online services, we use cookies and other tools to collect and analyze information about you and your usage of our products and services. Cookies are small data files that we store on your computers or device. For details, see
aboutcookies.org.
How We Use Cookies
We use "session" cookies to keep you logged in while you use BrandMate, to better understand how you interact with our web applications, and to monitor and aggregate usage and web traffic. Session cookies disappear when you log out and close your browser. We also use "analytical" cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our service and how they're using it.
Contact information:
privacy@crunchtime.com
Phone: 1-800-537-0227
To unsubscribe from our emails, please
visit our email preferences center.