Privacy Policy
Mynet, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Mynet”), as a business handling personal information, has enacted and operated this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as “this Privacy Policy”) in order to comply with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (Act No. 57 of 2003; hereinafter referred to as the “Act”) and other related laws, regulations, guidelines, etc. (hereinafter, together with the Act, referred to as the “Laws and Regulations”) and to properly collect, use and protect personal information.
1. Scope of Application of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Mynet and its Group companies (meaning the companies as listed in
https://mynet.co.jp/corporate/outline
; hereinafter, together with Mynet, referred to as the “Group”). Provided, however, that, if a group company has independently enacted rules for handling personal information (meaning the “personal information” defined in the items of Article 2, Paragraph (1) of the Act; hereinafter the same shall apply;  and the personal information includes “pseudonymized personal information” set forth in Article 2, Paragraph (5) of the Act unless expressly denied), such rules will apply in preference to this Privacy Policy. In addition, the addresses and names of the representatives of the Group companies shall be as described in
https://mynet.co.jp/corporate/outline
.
2. Collection of Personal Information
The Group will collect personal information by lawful and fair means.
3. Use of Information
The Group may ask users to provide personal information for the purposes listed below. In addition, in the case where the Group separately specifies the purpose of use when users provide personal information, the Group will use such information within the scope of the purposes of use:
(1) To provide and operate the Group’s services;
(2) To send notification to users of the Group’s services or introduce the Group’s services to them;
(3) To respond to inquiries to the Group about services, etc.;
(4) To provide recruitment information (e.g., invitation for the Group’s career fair or information sessions, notice of job vacancy and selection process), conduct recruiting activities and screen for employment; and
(5) To implement other services incidental to the above (1) to (4).
While the provision of personal information is optional, individual users may be unable to enjoy the services, etc., as intended if he/she does not provide the Group with certain personal information. Please note that it will be difficult to conduct screening for employment specifically in the case of (4).
4. Security Control Measures
With respect to personal information, the Group will comply with the Laws and Regulations and take necessary and appropriate measures, such as by making efforts to ensure and improve security, for the purpose of security control, including prevention of leakage, loss or damage of personal information.
5. Provision to Third Parties
The Group will not provide personal information to any third party without prior consent of the person concerned, except where there are justifiable grounds. In addition, sharing of personal information, and disclosure of personal information to outsourcees (as set forth in detail in “7. Supervision of Outsourcees”) do not fall under the provision of personal information to third parties.
Furthermore, in the cases that fall under any of the following items, the Group may deem that there are justifiable grounds and provide personal information to third parties without prior consent of the person concerned:
(1) Cases based on laws and regulations;
(2) Cases in which there is a need to protect the life, wellbeing, or property of an individual, and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned;
(3) Cases in which there is a special need to improve public wellbeing or promote healthy child development, and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; and
(4) Cases in which there is a need to cooperate with a national government organ, local government, or person entrusted thereby with performing the functions prescribed by laws and regulations, and obtaining the consent of the person concerned is likely to interfere with the performance of those functions.
6. Sharing of Personal Information
The Group may share personal information in its possession.
(1) Scope of personal information shared
Any personal information collected in accordance with the provisions of “2. Collection of Personal Information” and “3. Purposes of Use of Personal Information”
(2) Scope of persons sharing personal information
All the Group companies
(3) Purpose of sharing
Accomplishment of the purposes of use set forth in “3. Purposes of Use of Personal Information”
(4) Control manager for sharing
Manager for Promotion of Personal Information Protection, Mynet, Inc.
7. Supervision of Outsourcees
The Group may outsource all or part of the handling of personal information within the scope necessary for accomplishing the purposes of use. In this case, the Group will perform necessary and appropriate selection and supervision of the outsourcee by means such as obligating the outsourcee by contract to ensure that personal information, the handling of which is outsourced, is securely controlled in the same manner as it is handled within the Group.
8. Confirmation, Correction, Etc., of Personal Information
The Group will endeavor to keep personal information in its possession accurate and up to date within the scope necessary in light of the purposes of use set forth in “3. Purposes of Use of Personal Information”. For inquiries about personal information (e.g., if a user wishes to confirm, correct, add, delete, discontinue using, or remove personal information, or discontinue provision of personal information to third parties), please contact the personal information inquiry desk below.
<Personal Information Inquiry Desk>
Mailing address: Person in charge of privacy, Mynet, Inc., 3F A-PLACE Aoyama, 2-11-3 Kita Aoyama, Minato-ku, Tokyo 107-0061, Japan
Email address:
privacy@mynet.co.jp
9. Handling of Cookies
The Group may use cookies for the following purposes:
(1) Distributing and making advertisements for services handled by the Group;
(2) Displaying user-specific content on the website operated by the Group (hereinafter referred to as the “Website”);
(3) Surveying the number of visitors and traffic to the Website;
(4) Improving the Group’s services; and
(5) Other purposes incidental to the above (1) to (4).
Also, the Group may save and refer to cookies collected via third parties entrusted with advertising distribution and website operation.
Note: A cookie is a file of information on such as browsing history and submitted data that are exchanged between the user’s browser and a server and placed on the user’s computer. When the user revisits the same page, the website operator can allow the page to display user-specific content using the cookie information. When a user allows cookie transmission by configuring browser settings, the website can collect cookies from the user’s browser. In addition, cookie information itself cannot identify any specific individual user; however, when a user allows cookie transmission by configuring his/her browser settings, the Group may associate the user’s activity history collected from the obtained cookie with his/her personal information, by assuming that the user has given consent to such association. Users may disable the cookie functions by changing his/her browser setting in some browser. However, please note that, as a result, users may be subject to restrictions in the use of various services on the Internet (e.g., users may be unable to use certain services that require authentication).
10. Handling of Access History, etc.
On the Website, each user’s access history is recorded for the purpose of maintenance of the website and improvement of the services. A user’s access history includes information such as the user's domain name and IP address, type of browser and OS, access date and time, viewed pages, etc. Provided, however, that these pieces of information, by themselves, cannot identify a specific individual user, and the Group will not use such pieces of information obtained from third parties by associating them with the personal information in its possession without the consent of the relevant user. Also, the Group may provide personal information to advertisers, information providers, service providers or other persons for the same purpose. Provided, however, that, if it is assumed that personal information is used as identifiable personal information by the recipient, the Group will provide personal information to the recipient after confirming that the user concerned has agreed to such use.
Note: For more details about the third parties under “9. Handling of Cookies,” and the advertisers, information providers and service providers under “10. Handling of Access History, etc.”, please refer to:
https://mynet.co.jp/english/external_transmission
.
11. Others
The content of this Privacy Policy applies on and after the date of publication. Also, the content of this Privacy Policy may be subject to change. In this case, the date of publication of this Privacy Policy will also be updated so that the change can be recognized, and the changed content will apply on and after the updated date.
Enacted on July 1, 2006
Revised on September 14, 2013
Revised on May 31, 2016
Revised on November 1, 2016
Revised on March 1, 2017
Revised on April 1, 2017
Revised on April 13, 2017
Revised on April 17, 2017
Revised on May 10, 2017
Revised on June 1, 2017
Revised on March 1, 2018
Revised on March 26, 2018
Revised on April 2, 2018
Revised on April 1, 2019
Revised on November 1, 2022
Revised on November 30, 2022
Revised on March 10, 2023
Revised on December 1, 2023