Change my advertising consent preferences
Version 1.0
Effective 25
th
May 2018
This Privacy, Cookie & Advertising Policy describes how and when Rocket Sports Internet Limited ("Rocket") collects, uses, and shares your information when you use any of Rocket's web properties (the "Services"), which include, but are not limited to,
barcanewsnetwork.com
,
benchwarmers.ie
,
caughtoffside.com
,
celticshorts.com
,
chelsea.news
,
cultofcalcio.com
,
empireofthekop.com
,
esteemedkompany.com
,
football-espana.net
,
football-italia.net
,
guerillacricket.com
,
justarsenal.com
,
juvefc.com
,
madridvoice.com
,
manunitedzone.com
,
milantalk.com
,
psgtalk.com
,
sempreinter.com
,
sempremilan.com
,
sempremilan.it
,
sheffunitedway.co.uk
,
strettynews.com
,
talkchelsea.net
,
theboyhotspur.com
,
thecelticstar.com
, and
thelaziali.com
.
Personally Identifiable Information
Rocket does not collect any direct personally identifiable information ("PII") such as your name, address, email address, phone number, age, gender, or social media account details.
Anonymous Identifiers
Rocket collects statistical information about visitors to the Services, including which pages are visited and when they are visited. Information recorded may include your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, and search terms. This information is aggregated for statistical purposes, and is never connected to any PII and remains anonymous. This analysis is provided and managed by Google Analytics. Any statistical information collected via Google Analytics for these purposes is not shared outside of this system.
When you browse through our websites or use our mobile applications and when you enter your email address on these (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar) we may share personal or other information that we collect from you, such as your email address (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, your mobile advertising ID or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp, Inc. and its group companies, acting as joint controllers. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you. We place this code in our first party cookie or use a LiveRamp cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third-party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g., web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may in turn use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them. Detailed information on LiveRamp's data processing activities is available in
LiveRamp's privacy policy and opt-out here
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time.
Legitimate Interest
Under the data protection laws entering in to force in Europe in 2018 there are a number of justifications that websites can use for lawfully collecting and processing information about their visitors. One such justification is named "Legitimate Interest" and, broadly, means that websites can process visitor information if they have a genuine and legitimate reason, and are not harming any individuals' rights and interests.
Our goal at Rocket is to provide a high quality free sports news service. To help keep this service free we provide our advertising partners with anonymised data about visitors to our websites, such that these partners may target their promotional messages more appropriately to the most relevant audiences. Without this anonymised data these partners would pay significantly less to promote their goods and services, and our service would not be sustainable.
We believe that providing this anonymised data, in a way which does not harm any of your rights or interests, is in our legitimate interest in continuing to provide our free news service.
Social & Sharing Platforms
Rocket uses code provided by various social media & sharing platforms to provide a number of features and enhancements, as outlined below. At no time does Rocket store, process or receive any information from these services about you or your account(s) with them. These third-party service providers may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and services, including your IP address, device ID, and pages viewed.
Twitter, Instagram and YouTube enhance our articles by allowing us to display content from their users directly
Facebook and Disqus provide our comments feature and allows discussion on individual articles
Shareaholic provides a simple means for you to share our articles on many popular social platforms
OneSignal allows visitors to register for notifications about major news stories via their web browser
Image Use
Rocket uses images provided by the following image agencies:
Getty Images
Imago Images
Advertising
Rocket displays advertising from a variety of partners in order to fund its activities. These partners may use cookies or other means to target their adverts based on a variety of criteria, such as the country you are in (determined by your device's settings or IP address), the type of device you are using, and which other websites or online properties you have visited in the past. At no point does Rocket provide any advertisers with any PII, nor do we receive any data from them.
Rocket also provides advertisers with sponsored articles and links from time-to-time. It should be immediately obvious where this is the case because of the topics involved, the calls-to-action and the outbound links that typically appear in such content. Any such advertorial or paid-for content sold on the service is subject to a maximum 12 month term and may be removed or altered subject to, or to conform to, requirements from the Advertising Standards Authority, Google or similar such agency, body or company that sets standards for this type of marketing, which will be reviewed from time-to-time or 12 months from the publishing date of any such material. This clause, these terms of service and the need to conform to standards set by authorities (e.g. - the Advertising Standards Authority, etc..) or Internet intermediaries (e.g. - Google, Facebook, etc..) take precedence over any other agreement, verbal or written, between Rocket and any relevant advertiser.
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for advertising purposes. To learn more about the types of data collected, how data is used and your choices as a user, please visit
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy
.
You may
change your consent preference
as regards cookies used for advertising purposes.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not explicitly require cookies for many parts of our Services. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. Rocket may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. If you do not want cookies from Rocket or other websites, you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
User Rights
You have various rights under the GDPR as regards personal data we may hold on you. You have the right: to be informed as to what data we hold and request copies of such; to have us rectify or complete any such data you deem incorrect or incomplete; to have us erase any such data we may hold on you; to ask that we transfer such data to another organisation or to you; to object to or restrict us from processing any such personal data.
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Officer (ICO), which regulates data protection compliance in the UK, if you are unhappy with how we have processed any of your personal data. Visit the
ICO's website
for more information.
Log Data
Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, and search terms. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, such as when you visit our website(s). Rocket uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them. If not already done earlier, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common identifiers, such as your full IP address, after 18 months.
Law and Harm
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Rocket's rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defences or objections that you may have to a third party's, including a government's, request to disclose your information.
Business Transfers
In the event that Rocket is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.
Our Policy Towards Children
Our Services are not directed to persons under 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children or persons under 18. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please email
help@rocketsportsnetwork.com
.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will endeavour to draw your attention to any material changes via more prominent messaging on the Services. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information.
Change my advertising consent preferences
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/:
I. What is the purpose of this policy?
Summary:
On this page you will find information about how LiveRamp processes personal data when providing its services.
For any information relating to the use of your personal data during your visit to our website, you can consult the
dedicated privacy policy
.
For information concerning LiveRamp’s use of cookies and pixels, click
here
The LiveRamp group provides its customers with tools to optimise their online marketing activities. As part of these activities, personal data that can directly or indirectly identify.B individuals are collected and processed.
In the United Kingdom, the LiveRamp group carries out its activities under the responsibility of LiveRamp UK Limited, a company with its registered address at 8 Kean Street, First Floor, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 4AS (“
LiveRamp
” or “
we
“). As explained in this policy, depending on the circumstances, we may act as either a controller of personal data or as a processor acting on behalf of our customers.
This policy provides information about how your personal data is processed when we provide our services. This information is provided as part of a transparency process, to help you understand our processing activities, which are usually carried out in collaboration with our customers and other partners from which we collect personal data. To this end, to supplement the information provided in this policy, please consult the privacy policies of the partners concerned.
Specific legal terminology used in this policy, such as “personal data”, “controller” and “processor”, shall have the same meaning as set out in the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK
GDPR
“).
Who are our “partners” mentioned in this policy?
In providing our services we interact with, and in some cases share and receive data from, various partners who are organisations involved in the delivery of online advertising. We use different terminology depending on the type of partner, as explained below:
“Match Partners” – these are publishers of websites and mobile applications who use LiveRamp’s services to collect personal data from visitors to those sites and applications.
“Offline Partners” – these are commercial data providers from whom LiveRamp obtains personal data used to build its offline data repositories. These data repositories enable LiveRamp to link personal data for the purpose of providing our services to our customers.
“Sync Partners” – these are other advertising technology platforms with whom LiveRamp will synchronise user identifiers. These enable our customers to more effectively target online advertising.
Who are our “customers” mentioned in this policy?
Our customers are advertisers operating in sectors such as retail, automotive, telecommunications and insurance. LiveRamp provides various services to our customers to enable them to undertake more effective online advertising.
II. In which cases does LiveRamp process your personal data?
Summary:
LiveRamp processes your personal data in various data repositories. The data held in these repositories is sourced from commercial data providers with whom you have interacted, publicly available sources and from website and mobile application providers which embed LiveRamp technologies.
LiveRamp uses the data held in its data repositories to establish links between the data provided to us by our customers and data concerning the users of other websites and applications. By making these links LiveRamp enables its customers to more effectively target advertising to the users it is trying to reach across different advertising technology platforms. LiveRamp is a controller of the data held in its data repositories, which it uses to facilitate its linking process. This data is not shared with our customers. However, certain online identifiers which are created as a result of the linking process are shared with customers and advertising platforms to facilitate online advertising.
Separately, LiveRamp’s advertiser customers provide us with their own datasets (for example, lists of their existing customers). LiveRamp is a processor of the data provided to it by its customers, which is then linked by LiveRamp. This means we process such data on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
To provide its services, LiveRamp, as the data controller, builds offline and online data repositories of your personal data. The “offline” repository, a database of directly identifying data, and the “online” repository, a database which does not contain directly identifying data (e.g. names) but which includes online user identifiers, are used to enable LiveRamp to provide its services to customers.
The purpose of this processing is to enable LiveRamp to link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation technologies, to enable our customers to pursue their own objectives and purposes with regards to measurement, analysis, online and TV targeted advertising.
* Recognition, to link an individual’s personal data collected from potentially various sources or in different formats or structures.
* Pseudonymisation, to ensure maximum confidentiality and security while processing personal data.
* Synchronisation, to link different advertising environments.
You have various rights in relation to our processing of your personal data (e.g. to obtain copies of it and to object to our processing). These rights are not absolute. Further information is provided below. LiveRamp processes your personal data for the purpose of processing your request to
exercise your rights
.
A. LiveRamp processes personal data as a controller to provide solutions based on recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation (our purposes)
What is the context?
Our business is primarily to develop and provide solutions to advertising customers to enable them to improve their marketing activities. To deliver targeted advertising to selected consumers, our customers want to be able to find their own customers and users in different advertising environments.
To enable our customers to find their clients in different advertising environments, LiveRamp’s solutions are based on “
recognition
“, “
pseudonymisation
” and “
synchronisation
” technologies that link various data (collected “online” or “offline”) and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, and use this to enable our customers to analyse, measure and target across different data management and advertising environments.
What processing does LiveRamp perform as controller?
To perform this data link and synchronisation, we have developed data repositories, of which we are the controller. Most of the data contained in our repositories is collected indirectly from our partners via online collection forms or when subscribing to their services. We also use public and free-to-use data registers.
No data from the LiveRamp data repositories is ever shared with our customers. Instead, LiveRamp uses the data repositories to link our customers’ own data about its users so as to enable them to more effectively carry out advertising activities.
More details on the categories of data processed.
We follow a specific process in relation to our data repositories consisting of translating directly identifying information, for example surnames, first names, email and postal addresses, into pseudonymous identifiers. To pseudonymise data, we apply technical and organisational processes aimed at removing any element that directly identifies a person. Pseudonymous data remains personal data protected by personal data protection regulations, but it provides a better level of confidentiality.
When does synchronisation take place?
It is only after this pseudonymisation process that we synchronise the pseudonymous identifiers with those of the various advertising environments that operate the campaigns of our common customers. We then share this single list of pseudonymous and synchronised identifiers, and no other information, with advertising platforms to enable them to carry out online advertising campaigns for selected consumers.
B. LiveRamp, as a processor, processes personal data on behalf of its customers who perform advertising analytics and targeting, monetize their data and manage cookie consents on their websites
What processing does LiveRamp carry out as a processor?
In addition to the data held in our data repositories (for which we are a controller as described above), our customers will also provide us with their own datasets over which we will run linking processes to better enable them to analyse, measure and target
those individuals. We process such customer data as a processor acting on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
On receipt of our customers personal data sets we firstly pseudonymise the data by removing directly identifying information and replacing it with alternative identifiers. Once our customers’ personal data is pseudonymised, it is made available in their advertising environments for their own purposes.
What are the purposes pursued by LiveRamp’s customers as data controllers?
Our customers may have a range of purposes for which they use the personal data processed in connection with our services, and you should review our customers’ privacy policies for full information. Generally, the purposes pursued by our customers, for which we act as a processor, may be broadly categorised as follows:
– To customise the online advertising displayed to you by their advertising partners.
For example, if you have visited a clothing website and viewed the “sportswear” pages, you may then see advertisements for sportswear on other websites. This is because a cookie was placed on your device, subject to your consent, and associated you with our customer’s list of consumers interested in sportswear, which is then used by our customer through our services.
– To measure and analyse the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
For example, a sportswear company wants to better understand whether advertisements for a new sportswear line have contributed to increased sales. Our services can be used by this company to measure this impact.
– To optimise their marketing operations by identifying the most relevant channels for sending you advertising (websites, mobile applications, emails or SMS), while limiting the amount of advertising received.
For example, they may send you an email reminding you of the promotions available on the website of the brand of which you are a customer or avoid sending you the same advertisement several times on your various devices (computers, tablets or phones), to limit the amount of advertising you receive.
– To model audience segments to which our customers can promote their products and services.
For example, a brand is launching its new clothing range. It may use our services to analyse and enhance its knowledge of the socio-demographic or behavioural characteristics of its existing customers. It will be able to select other consumers with the same characteristics in order to send them advertisements and find new customers.
–
To monetise their audience segments for ad targeting or for campaign performance measurement purposes.
Some of our customers may make available their audience segments based on demographic and behavioural data for ad targeting purposes. They can thus send us data such as contact data (e.g. an email address) and/or digital identifiers (e.g. a cookie identifier) associated with marketing segments. Our role is to pseudonymise them (i.e. remove all directly identifying information) and make them available within the “LiveRamp Marketplace”, a platform through which the datasets can be accessed and used by our customers’ advertising environments in a selective, secure and pseudonymous manner.
Other customers may market performance analysis of advertising campaigns and appoint us to carry out this analysis. To do this, they send us their transactional data (e.g. purchases made from a brand) or their online or television advertising exposure data, in order to carry out this analysis on behalf of advertisers. Our role is to compare the populations exposed to an advertising campaign with those who bought the product related to this campaign, in order to produce a report presenting the conclusions relating to performance on an aggregate basis.
C. As a data processor, LiveRamp processes your personal data when publishers use LiveRamp’s ATS
We are processor on behalf of our ATS publishers: this means that they determine how and why your data is used. In this case, you are informed by our ATS publishers with whom you are in direct contact when such processing is initiated. Our ATS publishers only share pseudonymous data with us (your e-mail address in hashed form), which does not allow you to be directly identified and which we delete immediately after creating a corresponding technical and pseudonymous identifier. Such processing is carried out to enable our ATS publishers to customise the content and advertisements offered to you according to your interests, throughout your online experience (web, emails, mobile apps, connected objects, etc.).
III. When LiveRamp is the data controller, what personal data are processed, on what legal basis and for how long are the data retained?
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
Category of data
(details)
Legal basis
(details)
Retention period
(details)
Purpose of processing
Personal data
Legitimate interest
2 years from our last interaction with the data concerned
Link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition
Cookie and pixel data
Consent
Cookies: 12 months
Mobile IDs: 240 days
Associated data: 12 months
Data you provide to us in connection with the exercise of your rights
Compliance with a legal obligation
Period needed to manage and comply with your request.
Your data  will be retained for an additional period of time necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations and the exercise of our legal rights
Processing your request to exercise your rights
LiveRamp does not collect any “special categories of personal data” (i.e., information about your race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, sex life, political opinions, health, trade union membership, or genetic/biometric data), or any personal data about children under the age of 13.
A. Categories of personal data processed by LiveRamp
Directly identifying personal data
Directly identifying personal data
: We collect the following directly identifying data: surnames, first names, dates of birth, postal addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers. This data is collected through our trusted partners (“Offline Partners”) who obtain information declared voluntarily by individuals through questionnaires when purchasing goods or subscribing to a service, for example. Furthermore, like many companies, we use information obtained from public sources such as the
Electoral Roll
.
Data that you send us in connection with the exercise of your rights:
In the context of exercising your rights (right to object or access your personal data, for example), we may ask you for certain personal data such as your surname, first name, postal address, email address as well as, for the sole right of access, a proof of your identity. We will only use this proof of identity to process your access request and it will be deleted once we have established your identity. If you choose not to provide us with this data, we may not be able to respond to your request to exercise your rights.
Indirectly identifying personal data
Cookies, pixels and associated data:
when you use certain websites and mobile applications of our Match Partners, or when opening an email sent by a Match Partner you have authorised, we read and store cookies and pixels and collect data such as identifiers linked to your devices (cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, etc.), as well as hashed email addresses and associated data (IP address, user agent, timestamp, URL or app name, etc.). The hashed email address collected is immediately pseudonymised using our technical processes and we do not retain any directly identifying data in the context of our cookies and pixels. This data is used as part of our recognition and synchronisation solutions to link the various data and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, which our customers can target in different advertising environments to send you advertisements tailored to your consumer profile.
These consumer profiles are not defined on the basis of your browsing, which we do not track, but on information that has been collected elsewhere by our customers in compliance with the regulations relating to the protection of personal data and the use of cookies. Those consumer profiles are not used in any automated decision making.
When you log into our Match Partners’ websites or mobile applications, or open an email sent by one of them, information relating to cookies and pixels must appear and must also allow you to consent to them being deposited on your device. A link to more comprehensive information must also be present. This detailed information page must include a specific notice on the storage of cookies by third parties including LiveRamp, as well as a link to this privacy policy.
You can also refuse our cookies by clicking
here
.
Your choice not to subscribe is cookie-based. For it to work on your device, your browser must be configured to accept third-party cookies. If you use a new device or browser, or delete your cookies, you may need to unsubscribe again.
B. Legal basis of processing
The
activities for which we are controller are based on the following:
Legitimate interest
The personal data processing we carry out is based on legitimate interest because it is essential to operate our customer solutions and thus honour
the agreements concluded with our customers and partners and enable our advertising customers to promote their products and services. We only rely on this legal basis in cases where the above mentioned interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms, on the basis of a careful balance of interests test. You may contact our Data Protection Officer to obtain further details in that respect.
This processing also enables consumers to see advertisements and content more suited to their interests when browsing, and to rationalise the amount of advertising received. Finally, this processing contributes to the web ecosystem in general because the additional revenues generated by this customisation make it possible to maintain free access to the content of many websites.
Consent
The processing of personal data associated with cookies and pixels is based on the consent that we collect in accordance with the regulations applicable to “cookies and other trackers”. Regarding the storing of our cookies, we also comply with the industry standards established by
IAB Europe (TCF)
and/or the
EDAA
where applicable and without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing. You can withdraw your consent regarding your data and LiveRamp cookies at any time via our page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal data when we process your request to
exercise your rights
.
C. Retention periods for your personal data
The personal data that we process as a controller are retained for as long as is necessary for the provision of our services. We automatically refresh directly identifiable personal data based on the updated data provided by our Offline Partners. This process involves the removal of unusable data by application of the Offline Partner’s retention period and any opt out or erasure request. At the end of our contract with the related Offline Partner, we permanently delete the data they have provided. In any event, we automatically delete directly identifying personal data that have remained inactive for 2 years.
We store our cookie identifiers in our databases for 12 months but no longer use our cookies that have remained inactive for 90 days. We store mobile identifiers for 240 days after their entry into our databases. We store the data associated with our cookies separately and for a maximum of 12 months.
As part of the exercise of your rights, we retain a strict minimum of data allowing us, where applicable, to establish, exercise and defend our rights in court.
V. With whom may we share your data?
We may share the pseudonymous data or identifiers we use with various advertising environments when you have provided consent for this (Sync Partners, Match Partners), solely for the purpose of enabling us to synchronise with them, each acting as a data controller. We may also share with some of those partners pseudonymous identifiers to give effect to your consent withdrawals or opt-out.
We may also disclose data to a competent authority or court, but only if permitted or if required by law.
LiveRamp is a multinational company, which means that as part of our services we may transfer the data we collect to other entities in our group. We also use the services of certain service providers who help us operate our information systems.
We reserve the right to disclose data to third parties in case we (consider to) sell or transfer all or part of our business activities or assets to a third party, to the extent permitted by law.
Some of these recipients are located in countries outside the UK:
1/ which have been recognised by the UK as offering the same level of data protection as countries in the UK; or
2/ that have not been the subject of an adequacy decision. In this case, we use appropriate safeguards, in particular the International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) that gives personal data processed abroad an essentially equivalent protection as in the UK. To receive any further information on the suitable safeguards, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
VI. What are your rights?
Summary:
In accordance with the UK GDPR, you have the right to request access, rectification, erasure and portability transfer of your data, and the right to limit and request the restriction of and to object to its processing.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where the processing of personal data is based on your consent, it being noted that it does not affect the lawfulness of the processing operations carried out based on your consent prior to its withdrawal.
To exercise these rights, please visit our dedicated page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
As a natural person whose personal data is processed, you have certain rights which are summarised below. Not all of these rights are absolute and we may have lawful grounds to refuse your request to exercise your rights, depending on the circumstances as set out in the applicable data protection legislation.
Right of access
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is processed and, if so, you have the right to request access to such personal data, including, but not limited to, information about the categories of personal data concerned, the purposes of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. In any case, we must take into account the rights and freedoms of others, so this right is not absolute. If you request more than one copy of the personal data processed, we may charge a reasonable fee, taking into account the administrative costs.
Right to rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify incorrect personal data relating to you. Depending on the purpose of processing, you also have the right to request that incomplete personal data be completed, including by means of an additional statement.
Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”)
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the deletion of the personal data relating to you.
Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. In this case, your personal data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of substantial public interest.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances as defined in the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to receive personal data provided by you to us and relating to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you may also have the right to transfer such personal data to another controller or to request us to transfer such data directly to another controller to the extent this is technically possible.
Right to object
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to object at any time, for reasons relating to your specific situation, to the processing of your personal data by us, and we may be required to stop the processing of your personal data, unless we demonstrate that there are legitimate and compelling reasons for the processing which prevail on your interests and rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This applies in particular when the processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests.
Right to withdraw consent
In case you have given your consent for the processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Notice, you can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that took place prior to the wit
hdrawal of consent.
LiveRamp has signed the
EDAA charter
and participates in the “
Your Online Choices
” programme which enables consumers to learn how targeted advertising has been offered to them and to choose whether they want to continue receiving such offers.
LiveRamp also participates in the “transparency and consent framework” of
IAB Europe (TCF)
and complies with its specifications and policies, this without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing, as described herein. The identification number of our company within the framework is 97.
VI. Data Security
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, and the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
LiveRamp takes the protection of your data seriously, and we have implemented appropriate technical, organisational, and physical measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, altered, disclosed, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit internal access to your personal data to our employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a legitimate business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
VII. Other information
Click
here
to contact the Data Protection Officer of LiveRamp.
If you wish to complain about how LiveRamp processes your personal data you may do so by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
Changes to our privacy policy
: LiveRamp reserves the right to update and revise this policy to reflect any regulatory changes or changes to our services. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page, which displays the date of the last update.
Updated: January 2025
Sub-policy 1
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy:
×
Do you agree to let us use cookies?
On the Playwire website, we use cookies to deliver better user experience, manage authentication and provide relevant alerts. Learn more from our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
×
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how Playwire LLC, its subsidiary and affiliate corporations, successors, and assigns (collectively, “Playwire”) uses and protects the information you provide.
This “Privacy Policy” applies to
www.playwire.com
,
the Playwire Platform (see below), and any other websites owned or operated by Playwire or that may be subsequently added, variations or successors to this website (the “Playwire Sites”), any Playwire computer software downloadable or otherwise available from the Playwire Sites (“Software”), Playwire’s services, including but not limited to, the Playwire digital advertising technology, advertising management services, mobile applications, Revenue Intelligence™, RAMP™, Trendi™, Kids Club
®
, and all other Playwire platforms and networks (collectively referred to as the “Services, Platforms and Networks”)
This Privacy Policy applies to all Users of the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks.   If you are interested in finding out more information regarding our GDPR compliance,
click here.
Last Updated: Mar 16, 2023
1. TYPE OF INFORMATION PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES COLLECT.
By use of the Services, Platforms and Networks, Playwire may collect two (2) types of information about Users: Personal and Non-Personal. In addition, Playwire works with advertisers, ad agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers (collectively “Third Parties”) to serve advertisements on publishers using the Playwire Services, Platforms and Networks. Third Parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device including but not limited to cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other information as described below.
“Personal Information.” Personal Information refers to information that lets Playwire know the specifics of who you are and which may be used to identify, contact or locate you or a business interested in the Playwire Sites, Software, the Services, Platforms and Networks (
e.g.
, name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address). Playwire may collect Personal Information when you use the Playwire Sites including, without limitation, setting up account information, filling out surveys, corresponding with Playwire, or otherwise volunteering information about yourself. Playwire does not sell, trade or rent Personal Information collected through the Playwire Sites to any third-party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Playwire shall: (1) fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies; and (2) may be required to disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation.
“Non-Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information refers to information that, by itself, does not identify you as a specific individual (
e.g.
, demographic information or website visitations). Playwire and/or advertisers, advertising agencies, third-party traffic measurement services and other service providers may collect and/or process Non-Personal Information through a variety of methods and industry standard technologies described further below.
Information about your browser including: the type of browser you use, browser language, browser settings, cookie information and other locally stored objects. This may include data about you related to bid requests and ad impressions, collected when we decide to show you an ad on a Digital Property and when we deliver an advertisement.
Information about your device including device operating system version, connection type, device make, device model, device Identifiers such as your IDFA or AAID, and the IP address from which the device accesses our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Unique anonymous IDs assigned to your browser or device, which allows the Platform to automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another Digital Property that has integrated our technology.  This allows our clients and partners to sync their own unique identifiers against this ID so that they can use their own data on the Services, Platforms and Networks that they may have associated with you (collectively “Digital Identifiers”).
General geolocation information, as well as precise geolocation information when location services have been enabled for an app on your device that has integrated our technology or that sends that information to our Services, Platforms and Networks.
Information about your online activity such as website visited, general browsing history, viewing history, referral source, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, app, or advertisement, including the time web pages or apps were visited or used, including in-game or online viewing activity (e.g., videos viewed, pages viewed).
Inferences or audience segmentation derived from our Services, Platforms and Networks, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors.
Information about ads served, viewed or clicked on, including the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded the advertiser’s app.
Information about the specific content viewed on websites
Email addresses in hashed form
Information about your internet service including information about which internet service provider is used by you.
To receive more information about these practices and/or opt out of these types of data collection you may visit the following links:
To opt-out of interest-based advertising using cookies:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/
https://optout.aboutads.info/
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
https://allaboutcookies.org/how-to-manage-cookies
To opt out of email-based identifiers go here:
LiveRamp:
When you use Playwire Publisher Websites and enter your email address on their websites (either to log in, or to sign up for a newsletter, or similar), we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Trade Desk UID:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
To turn off personalized ads in Chrome go here:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
To opt out of Google Analytics go here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Mobile device system software such as Apple iOS or Google Play Services provide mechanisms that allow users to opt out of the use of information about their usage of mobile apps to deliver targeted ads to their mobile device. For more information, or to opt out using these mechanisms, consult your device settings (“Opt out of Personalized Ads” on Android devices and “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices). When Playwire’s technology encounters “Limit Ad Tracking” signals they are respected. Devices vary in where they include the setting to adjust.
2. HOW PLAYWIRE AND THIRD PARTIES USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
We use, and allow third parties as set forth herein to use, the information we collect for the following purposes:
System Administration. Playwire may use Non-Personal Information for the purposes of system administration, assisting in diagnosing problems with Playwire servers, monitoring Playwire’s Services, Platforms, and Networks performance and traffic on the Playwire Sites and to gather broad demographic information about Playwire customers.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to advertisers, including providing and operating our services which include:
Compiling statistics about the advertising transactions occurring through our Platform and conducting research and development for our own internal business purposes, such as analyzing campaign forecasts and conducting machine learning to help our clients improve their sales of ad space and delivery of ads to you
Analyzing and reporting on campaign and ad performance, such as reporting to advertisers about when and how you have been exposed to ads or clicked on ads, and reporting to Digital Properties information about when and how ads were shown on their Digital Properties and whether they were clicked on
Investigating, protecting against, and deterring malicious activity, fake traffic, or fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity on the Platform and on the internet.
For our legitimate business interests to provide services to our customers and publishers, including providing and operating our services.
Playwire uses Cookies and IP Addresses to track features such as delivering content specific to your interests and informing you of new, relevant services or certain third-party offerings.
Notices to Registered Users. If you have registered for an Account, Playwire may use your Personal Information to send emails regarding your registration, including confirmation to verify the accuracy of any information you have provided. Playwire may also send you emails to verify your identity or to notify you if Playwire believes your use of Playwire Sites violates any applicable agreement for the use of the Playwire Sites.
Advertising-related purposes:
Interest-Based Advertising: Using Platform Data to infer what you may be interested in and to serve ads to you based on these inferred interests.
Frequency Capping: Limiting the number of times you see an ad so you don’t see the same ad or type of ad too many times
Showing Ads in Sequence: Showing you ads in a particular order to provide a better user experience
Geo-Targeting: Customizing ads shown to you based on your current or prior location
Contextual Ads: Showing ads to you based on the content you are viewing
Ad Measurement: Understanding how users respond to ads (e.g., clicking on the ad)
Aggregated Statistics: Reporting aggregated statistics regarding, for example, the effectiveness of online advertising campaigns
Cross-Device Mapping: Enabling Cross-Device Mapping (grouping the devices that are owned by an individual or household) in order to serve or measure advertising on related devices on behalf of our clients.
For ad campaigns that are intended for child-directed sites, or child-directed categories of digital app stores (such as apps included in Apple’s Kids category), we take measures to ensure that our service providers have disabled any and all forms of behaviorally targeted advertising and sensitive ad content categories and that the child’s anonymous browsing information is only used for permissible internal support operations in accordance with COPPA (e.g., contextual advertising, ad capping, etc.). All ads are subject to human review for appropriateness.
Promotional Emails.  Playwire may use your Personal Information to send you emails periodically listing promotions or events relating to the Playwire Sites or from Playwire’s marketing partners or sponsors. You have the choice to opt out of receiving such promotional emails by sending an e-mail to legal@playwire.com and/or following the instructions in such correspondence. Once Playwire has processed your opt-out request, Playwire will not send you promotional emails unless you opt back in to receive such communications.
Legal Rights and Compliance with Law: We may also disclose Platform Data in the event that we reasonably suspect malicious activity or fake traffic or when we reasonably believe it is required by law, subpoena, or other legal process, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Contact Information. If you contact Playwire by telephone, e-mail, or letter, Playwire may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence. If you report a problem with the Playwire Sites, Playwire may collect this information in a file specific to you. You may contact Playwire at
legal@playwire.com
to request the removal of this information from Playwire’s database.
3. HOW TO ACCESS AND CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, Playwire shall allow Users to update or correct Personal Information previously submitted, but only to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Additionally, upon request, Playwire shall delete Personal Information from the database where such information is stored; however, it may be impossible to entirely delete a User’s entry without some residual information being retained due to the manner in which data backups are maintained. Requests to delete Personal Information shall be submitted to legal@playwire.com.
4. SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security Measures. Playwire takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information. These include, but are not limited to, internal reviews of: (i) Playwire’s data collection; (ii) storage and processing practices; (ii) electronic security measures; and (iv) physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where Playwire stores Personal Information. All Playwire employees, contractors and agents who access Personal Information are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution or unauthorized use or disclosure of Personal Information.
Third-Party Links. The Playwire Sites may contain links to third parties who may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information directly from you. Additionally, Playwire may use third parties to provide components of the Playwire Sites. In either case, such third parties may have separate privacy policies and data collection practices, independent of Playwire. Playwire: (i) has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions; (ii) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites; and (iii) does not make any warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such websites or the security of any information you provide to them.
5. YOUR CHOICES AND RIGHTS
If you reside or are located in certain jurisdictions, you may have rights and protections regarding the collection, processing, sharing, and use of your data under a particular jurisdiction’s law. This may mean that you may have the right to:
Request access and obtain a copy of your data;
To request rectification of your data;
In certain circumstances, and subject to some specific legal reasons where we may need to retain data, to request that your data be deleted or erased
To opt out of the sale of your data to third parties;
If applicable, to enforce your right to data portability;
To object to the processing of your data in certain circumstances;
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights with respect to your data.
6. The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU or UK Data Subject
A.    Persons Covered.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on Playwire as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. This section is designed to provide more information on how Playwire adheres to the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 and your rights as a data subject located in the UK or the EEA.
B.    Definition of Personal Data.
Both the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA or UK we treat it as personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to Playwire.com; b) data collected from customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees.
C.    Special Categories of Personal Data.
Playwire does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to UK or EEA data subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation).
D.    Legal Basis for Processing.
Both the UK Data Protection Act and GDPR requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by Playwire includes: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by Playwire.
I.    Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies
– We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As Playwire does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below.  Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via Playwire.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required.
II.    Usage Data and Profile Information
– While we obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, Playwire processes Usage Data and Profile Information under our legitimate interest. For purposes of clarity, where this data is utilized for analytics, targeted advertising, measurement or reporting, we also process it via legitimate interest. To offer additional transparency, we endeavor to mention some of these use cases in the consents obtained for cookies and pixels.
III.    Website Data
– We collect personal data via Playwire.com. Where that data is provided to Playwire (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a Business Relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the website, we use consent. Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the website and help us to a better job of personalizing the website to the interests of visitors.
IV.    Account Data and Business Relationships
– We require some Publishers to setup an Account with Playwire. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to Playwire, our customers, our employees and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, Playwire may have your personal data including your name, your work email or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between Playwire and the Publisher, customer, vendor, etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing).
V.    General Purposes
– There are a number of instances where Playwire processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example:
A.    Legal and Regulatory Compliance
– Like most companies, Playwire will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for Playwire to meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
B.    Enforcement of Legal Obligations
– To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, Playwire processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings.
C.    Sell and Promote Our Business
– Playwire may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest.
D.    Aggregated Data
– Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes.
E.    UK and EU Data Subject Rights.
Where the GDPR or UK Data Protection Act applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. Given that both the UK Data Protection Act and the GDPR defines personal data broadly, these rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies.
Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at gdpr@playwire.com . We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one month period.
You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en.
F.    Cross-border transfers of EU or UK Personal Data.
We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law.
When we transfer personal data outside the EEA or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded.
G.    Data Protection Officer.
Playwire has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required.  Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted as follows: gdpr@playwire.com
7. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
1. Overview of California Consumer Privacy Laws
This California Privacy Policy applies only to California consumers (“you” or collectively as “consumers”) and supplements the Playwire Privacy Policy (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”). The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), collectively referred to as “California Consumer Privacy Laws”, provide California consumers with specific rights regarding their personal information. This California Privacy Policy describes a California consumer’s privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Laws, explains how you may exercise your privacy rights, and provides an overview on the types of personal information we collect.
2. California Consumer Privacy Laws provide you with the following rights:
Right to know.
You have the right to know what categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect about you; the categories of sources from which we collect personal information; our business or commercial purpose for the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information; any categories of third parties with whom we share your information; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about that consumer
Right to delete.
You have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collect about you.
Right to opt out.
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. If we sell any of your personal information, you have the right, at any time, to tell us not to sell your personal information. You also have the right to request that we do not share your personal information.  If you wish to exercise these rights, please see our  Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information opt-out page.
Right to correct.
You have the right to request the correction of any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the inaccurate personal information as you may direct.
Right to limit use or disclosure of sensitive personal information (“SPI”).
You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your SPI, if we are using your SPI beyond what is reasonable and proportionate to provide the requested goods or services.   We do not collect SPI.
Right to nondiscrimination.
If you exercise any of your privacy rights, we will not discriminate against you.
Notice of Financial Incentives.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to provide financial incentives for collecting, selling, or retaining your personal information.
Right to know how long we retain your information.
We will retain your information as long as it is reasonably necessary for each disclosed purpose, as outlined in the tables below. If you have any questions or would like to exercise any privacy rights, please contact us.
3. Information We May Keep.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow us to keep your personal information that we need to provide you with goods and services, ensure the security and integrity of your personal information, fix any errors, exercise free speech, use your information lawfully for our internal purposes, and to comply with the law.
4. Contact.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to exercise your privacy rights and request your information from us, at no cost. We will provide our response in a readily usable format, which is usually electronic.  If you would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, please contact us through any of the following:
by writing to:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way
Suite 500
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
by email:
legal@playwire.com
5. Verification of Your Identity.
To protect your privacy, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will ask you to confirm your name, email address, phone number and other information so that we can reasonably confirm your identity. We will not share any information until we can reasonably confirm your identity.
6. Our Response Time to Your Privacy Request
Response Time.
We will respond to your verifiable consumer request (“VCR”) within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us.
Response Time for Complex Requests.
If you have a complex VCR, state privacy laws allow us up to ninety (90) days to respond. We will still contact you within forty‐five (45) days from when you contacted us to let you know we need more time to respond.
Our Response.
Our response will cover the 12-month period preceding the business’s receipt of the VCR. A consumer may request that we disclose the required information beyond the 12-month period (limited to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022), and we will provide that information unless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort. Note that there is no obligation to provide this information to the same consumer more than twice in a 12-month period.
7. Authorized Agent.
California Consumer Privacy Laws allow you to ask someone else to exercise your privacy rights for you. This person is your “Authorized Agent.” Before we will share anything with your Authorized Agent, you will need to provide your written permission or other proof, such as a valid Power of Attorney. Please contact us if you would like us to know who your Authorized Agent is.  Once we have your written permission, we will also ask your Authorized Agent to verify their identity with us directly. We will not share any of your information with your Authorized Agent unless we have both your written permission and have verified the identity of your  authorized agent.
8. Information Collection and Use- Sources of Information.
Please refer back to https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy.  To help consumers make informed privacy decisions, the California Consumer Privacy Laws create and define categories of personal information. Some types of personal information may apply to multiple categories. We collect the categories of personal information described in Table 1 below. Depending on your level of interaction with us, we may not have collected your personal information from all of the categories.
Categories of Personal Information
Specific Types of Personal Information
Categories of Sources of Collection
Identifiers
A. Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
B. IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet
A. Directly from you, the user
B. From your device when accessing our website or one of our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology or services
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browser and Device Information, User Agent,IP Address,  Mobile Device Identifiers such as IDFA or AAID/GAID, custom or external unique Identifiers, search history and information on interaction with our publisher websites, their content and advertisements
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
Location
Regional location of the users device
Through the IP address of your device, collected through our publisher Websites/Apps that utilize our technology as you access them
Inferences
Inferences drawn from the above mentioned categories to create an advertising profile reflecting perceived interests and behavior of a user
Through our Publisher Websites/Apps  that use our technology or services when you access those Websites/Apps
9. Business Purposes Of The Personal Information We Collect And Sell.
Table 2 is a list of the categories of personal information we disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Categories of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose
Identifiers such as name and email that you choose to provide to us when you email us, complete an online form or register for our products or services.
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Advertising and marketing company news and products to you
D. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing data services which analyze how users interact with content and advertisements on website/apps
B. Analytics and research activities to improve our products and services
C. Detecting security incidents, illegal or fraudulent activities
D. Debugging and troubleshooting purposes to improve service, fix errors and maintain usability of services
10. Categories Of Personal Information We Sell Or Disclose For A Business Purpose
Table 3 below describes the categories of personal information we sell or disclose for business purposes. These are also the categories of information we sold in the past 12 months.  The sources for each category of personal information we collect, the business or commercial purposes for which we use each category of personal information, and the third parties with whom we may share your personal information with.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties to Whom the information is disclosed or sold
IP Address that your devices uses to connect to the internet, Internet or other electronic network activity, Location Data, Inferences
A. Providing Customer Service, maintaining and servicing your account and communicating with you.
B. Auditing customer interactions
C. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
D. Marketing company news and products to you
E. Advertising Services
F. Maintaining and ensuring quality of services, improve users experience
Playwire collects the personal information described above for a variety of business and commercial purposes.
For
Ad Services
, we use the personal information collected to provide our services; serve ads; provide information and reports to Media Buyers; prevent End Users from seeing the same ad too many times; customize and personalize ads; analyze ad performance; deliver Internet-based and location-based advertising; detect and prevent fraud and protect the security of our Ad Services; provide, manage and improve our Ad Services and develop new services; calculate usage levels of our Ad Services, help diagnose server problems and administer our Ad Services; and as we believe to be necessary or appropriate, such as to comply with legal requirements.
For
Playwire properties
, we use the personal information collected to send marketing and promotional communications; send administrative information; engage in and process transactions; post testimonials; provide interest-based advertising and engage in analytics on your activity on the Playwire Properties and other websites over time; manage accounts and provide customer support or other services; improve the content and quality of Playwire’s Properties and Ad Services; for legal purposes; and for our business purposes, such as to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We May Disclose or Sell Personal Information
We may disclose any of the personal information we collect for our business purposes, or sell the personal information, to the following categories of third parties:
Playwire’s Publisher Clients
Media Buyers & Planners
Playwire’s other clients including advertisers, brands, agencies, and other third party advertising partners
Attribution and Analytics Partners
Playwire’s vendors, consultants, and other service providers
Website advertising parties
8. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
Use of the Playwire Sites is not intended for minors under the age of 18 (“Minors”). Minors are not authorized by Playwire to use playwire.com, even if Minors set up an Account or accept the terms of any agreement for Playwire Sites. Parents or guardians may authorize Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 to use the Playwire Sites, provided they assume all responsibility and legal liability for the conduct of such Minor including, without limitation, monitoring the Minor’s access and use of the Playwire Sites.  Note that Playwire does work with Publishers who have their own sites that are intended for Minors and have their own separate privacy policies.
Playwire does not intentionally collect nor maintain any personally identifiable information from Minors. If you discover your Minor child has submitted his/her information to Playwire, you may request to have such information deleted from Playwire’s database by sending an email request to
legal@playwire.com
together with the e-mail address that was submitted by the Minor. Upon receiving the request, Playwire shall delete such information within twenty (20) business days. If Playwire learns that a Minor is using the Playwire Sites, Playwire will require verified parental or guardian consent, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, consult this simple one-page informational guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program:
//www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
9. CHANGES TO PLAYWIRE’S PRIVACY POLICY
Playwire continually strives to implement new technologies and processes to better protect you, your privacy and your use of the Playwire Sites. As a result, changes to this Privacy Policy may be made by Playwire from time to time. If we make changes, we will post them here and update the date above. If we make material changes to this Policy, we may take additional measures to notify you and, if necessary, gain your prior consent. In no event will these changes result in the degradation of any of the security measures designed to protect you from unauthorized disclosure, as such measures are described in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT PLAYWIRE
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Playwire as follows:
Playwire, LLC
Attn: Privacy
4855 Technology Way, Suite 510,
Boca Raton, Florida 33431
Email:
legal@playwire.com
Phone: (
561) 206-4621
Playwire may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion.