Continue without agreeing →
With your agreement, we and
our 9 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Functional and Technical
, Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Learn More →
Agree and close
Log in:
?
Log in via Facebook
[Information for parents]
Print
Terms of Service
INTRODUCTION
Sweet Crush
is a virtual flirting game. You incarnate the character of a College student who has just entered a new school. Help her meet new people and flirt with boys in hopes of getting a date at the end of each episode.
To do this, the player(VISITOR) must complete different objectives to enable their character to advance within the episodes and build a relationship with the boy she likes the most, and experience a beautiful romance.
These TERMS OF SERVICE govern all the different uses of the PLATFORM accessible on
https://www.sweetcrush.co.uk
. They are a binding agreement concluded between:
The Company BEEMOOV,
BEEMOOV, SAS with social capital of 200,000 euros, registered at the RCS of Nantes, France under the number B 492 377 908 - TVA FR82492377908, with headquarters located at 57 boulevard Gaston Serpette, 44000 Nantes (hereafter “BEEMOOV” or “we”), for one part
And
You, the USER
, for the other part.
You and Beemoov are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Parties"
Important :
Before you become a MEMBER, you must read and accept all terms in, and linked from and to, these TERMS OF SERVICE. Any use of the site
www.sweetcrush.co.uk.
constitutes your unconditional acceptance by the USER of these TERMS OF SERVICE (hereinafter “Terms”). If you do not agree with it, you should leave the Website and discontinue use of the PLATFORM immediately. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT. BY CLICKING "AGREE" BELOW, YOU ACCEPT ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
ACCOUNT:
refers to the interface where all the data supplied by the MEMBER is regrouped and hosted on the PLATFORM.
CONTRIBUTOR :
refers to a MEMBER who posts a message on the forum.
MEMBER:
refers to any USER registered on the PLATFORM to obtain access to any of the different PLATFORM offered by BEEMOOV.
PLATFORM:
refers to the internet site accessible at the address
www.sweetcrush.co.uk.
. The PLATFORM all of the web pages hosted and PLATFORM offered to the MEMBERS.
USER:
refers to all of the MEMBERS and VISITORS, including “you”.
VISITOR:
refers to any person who accesses and navigates on the PLATFORM.
ARTICLE 2 TERMS OF REGISTRATION
Registration to use the PLATFORM is generally open to any individual. All minors (including individuals under the age of 18) must obtain authorization from their parent or legal guardian.
The purchase of "credits” and other premium paid PLATFORM usage privileges is restricted to persons over the age of 18 and to minors acting under the authorization and any applicable supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
You are not authorized to use this site if you are a minor not under such supervision.
BEEMOOV reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any liability whatsoever, to refuse or terminate the registration for any individual, including without limitation for failure to adhere to the spirit of the PLATFORM or for violating the image or goodwill of BEEMOOV.
Any connection to an ACCOUNT of a MEMBER using the email address and password chosen at the time of registration will be deemed to be made by the MEMBER. The MEMBER is responsible for any use by someone else and for updating all registration information from time to time.
ARTICLE 3 OPERATING PROCEDURE
Registration to the PLATFORM is free. An individual can open only one unique ACCOUNT.
However, the MEMBERS have the right to purchase different credits using different methods of payment.
These credits are also accessible by other methods such as purchased sponsorship.
Purchased credits are completed purchases that are valid for an indefinite period for use solely on the PLATFORM. Once purchased, credits are non-refundable and have no cash redemption value (or, if applicable law requires a cash value, the cash value shall be $0.00001 per $1.00 nominal purchased bonus credit).
If the ACCOUNT of a MEMBER is closed, no matter the reason or cause, the credits are lost and non-refundable.
The ACCOUNTS may be used only by the individual MEMBER and are nontransferable. Any such attempted transfer is void.
ARTICLE 4 FORUM
4.1 Rights and responsibilities of the USER
Any USER who enters the forum accessible on the PLATFORM must respect the intellectual property rights and other rights of the authors.
USERS may not copy, reproduce, publish, perform and/or distribute any contributions posted on the forum on other forums or other material.
Any USER can nevertheless reproduce the contents of the forum for private consultations or reproduce and broadcast brief excerpts of a message, for information or research, citing the name of the forum and that of the author of the message. Such reproduction may not use the author’s real name where the author has chosen to adopt a screen name.
We recommend that MEMBERS use “screen names” as a technique for protecting their privacy.
4.2 Rights and responsibilities of the CONTRIBUTOR
Any CONTRIBUTOR retains ownership and intellectual property rights of the CONTRIBUTOR’S message, subject to the Terms.
The statements made on the forum are published under the sole responsibility of the CONTRIBUTOR. Thus, the CONTRIBUTOR agrees to:
Behave fairly in respect of others,
Respect the rights of others,
Respect the privacy of others and the confidentiality of exchanges with USERS, by not republishing, copying or distributing any such exchanges other than through the PLATFORM, and
Not post any message contrary to any laws, regulations or good morals.
4.3 Monitoring and Moderation
BEEMOOV uses reasonable efforts to monitor and moderate all contributions of Content to a forum. However, we assume no responsibility for monitoring or moderating any content, and no obligation to modify, delay or remove any inappropriate content, and no responsibility to you or the CONTRIBUTOR for any failure to take any action regarding any content posted by a CONTRIBUTOR.
We use individual moderators to seek to verify that messages published on the forum comply with the Terms. Such efforts might not be completely effective.
The moderator (and BEEMOOV generally) reserves the right to delete any contribution for any reason or no reason. This may include content that does not relate to the topic of discussion, is contrary to the editorial policy of the PLATFORM, is contrary to the law, or that BEEMOOV decides in its own absolute discretion is undesirable.
4.4 Prohibited Content
The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited to post on or through the PLATFORM. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the PLATFORM and terminating the Membership of such violators.
Prohibited Content includes, but is not limited to Content that, in our sole discretion :
Promotes violence; is libelous, defamatory, obscene, racist, or hateful; defends war crimes or pedophiles, incites murder or suicide, incites discrimination or hatred, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, reproduces (or promotes the reproduction of) a copyrighted work without authorization, or is otherwise contrary to any applicable law, rule or regulation.
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website;
solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18;
promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities;
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, "spimming," or "spamming";
contains restricted or password-only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users;
involves commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
includes a photograph or other personally identifiable information of another person that you have posted without that person's consent.
4.5 Prohibited Activities
The following is a partial list of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the PLATFORM and through your use of the PLATFORM. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in our sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities.
Prohibited activity includes, but is not limited to:
illegal, criminal or tortious activity or other unauthorized use of the PLATFORM, including but not limited to child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, drug dealing, gambling, harassment, stalking, invasion of privacy, spamming, spimming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, trademark infringement, copyright infringement, patent infringement, or theft of trade secrets. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the PLATFORM, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of MEMBERS by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the Website is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from MEMBER profiles without notice and may result in termination of privileges of being a MEMBER. Appropriate legal action may be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of the PLATFORM
advertising to, or solicitation of, any MEMBER to buy or sell any products or PLATFORM through the PLATFORM. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other MEMBERS. It is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the PLATFORM in order to contact for a commercial purpose, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any MEMBER without their prior explicit consent. In order to protect our MEMBERS from such advertising or solicitation, we reserve the right to restrict the number of emails which a MEMBER may send to other MEMBERS in any 24-hour period to a number which we deem appropriate in our sole discretion. If you breach this Agreement and send unsolicited bulk email, instant messages or other unsolicited communications of any kind through the PLATFORM, you acknowledge that you will have caused substantial harm to us, but that the amount of such harm would be extremely difficult to ascertain. As a reasonable estimation of such harm, you agree to pay us for each such unsolicited email or other unsolicited communication you send through the PLATFORM;
covering or obscuring the banner advertisements on your personal profile page, or any Website page via HTML/CSS or any other means;
circumventing or manipulating our published policies, feedback or ratings systems, business models, payment structure, amounts owed to BEEMOOV or restrictions imposed by BEEMOOV;
any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to send comments or messages;
interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the PLATFORM or the networks or PLATFORM connected to the PLATFORM;
attempting to impersonate another MEMBER or person;
using the account, username, or password of another MEMBER at any time or disclosing your password to any third party or permitting any third party to access your account;
selling or otherwise transferring your profile or the profile of any other MEMBER or person;
using any information obtained from the PLATFORM in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person;
any use of the PLATFORM for any purpose other than your direct personal use in your capacity as a MEMBER, in relation to other MEMBERS;
any use of the PLATFORM in connection with any organizational, entity, institutional or commercial endeavors, except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by us; or
displaying an advertisement on your profile or the profile of any other MEMBER or person, or accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial activity on or through the PLATFORM on behalf of that person, such as placing commercial content on your profile, posting blogs or bulletins with a commercial purpose, or sending private messages with a commercial purpose.
Payment for any violation would only be requested when it is reasonably certain you were the actual source of the violation, and not as a result of identity theft, hijacking, impersonation, or any other usage of your account by another individual. In the absence of evidence of such abuse by a third party, BEEMOOV may presume you were the actual source of the violation.
If you are interested in using the PLATFORM for organizational, entity, commercial or institutional use, please contact: games@beemoov.com
Any published message remains, nevertheless, the sole responsibility of its author.
USERS can request verification of any disputed message posted on the forum by contacting the support at the following address: support@beemoov.com
4.6 Copyright Infringement Policy
You may not post, modify, distribute, perform or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is our policy to terminate Membership privileges of any MEMBER who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to us by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent.
Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the PLATFORM in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the PLATFORM; (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Our Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
Copyright Agent, BEEMOOV SAS 57 boulevard Gaston Serpette 44000 Nantes, France,
France Facsimile: +33 (0)1 84 16 32 99; support@beemoov.com
If you knowingly materially misrepresent your claim of infringement, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by us for injury by your misrepresentation, as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.
ARTICLE 5 OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES
5.1 USER Obligations
When using the PLATFORM, each user agrees not to undermine public order and to comply with the rules and regulations, to respect the rights of third parties and to comply with the provisions of these Terms.
The USER is solely responsible for editing any editorial or graphic content.
Each USER must:
Behave fairly and justly in regards to BEEMOOV and third parties.
Be honest and sincere when providing information to BEEMOOV and, if applicable, to other USERS.
Respect the rights of third parties, and in particular the rights of BEEMOOV.
Use the PLATFORM and the ACCOUNT in accordance with the Terms.
Not use the PLATFORM or the ACCOUNT to commit crimes, misdemeanors or petty offenses punishable under the Penal Code or any other legislation.
Respect the privacy of third parties and the confidentiality of exchanges with USERS.
Not divert users towards a competing site or service.
Not try to add information to the automated data processing systems implemented for online use of the PLATFORM, included in Articles 323-1 and after, of the Penal Code.
Not post information contrary to the laws, current regulations and good morals.
5.2 Obligations of BEEMOOV
The general obligation of BEEMOOV is an “obligation of means” within the meaning of applicable law. BEEMOOV has no obligation of result or enhanced means of any kind.
BEEMOOV is committed to ensure continuity of access and usage of PLATFORM, 7 days a week and 24 hours a day.
BEEMOOV is a host, defined within of Article 6 I 2 of the Act of June 21, 2004. As such, BEEMOOV agrees to withdraw promptly all illegal content (work or comments) as soon as BEEMOOV is informed of such content.
Notification of illicit content must be done by e-mail to support or by registered mail with recorded delivery.
In both cases, in order for the notification to be valid, it must present all elements prescribed in article 6 I 5 of the Act of June 21, 2004:
the date of the notification;
if the notifier is an individual: name, surname, profession, residence, nationality, date and place of birth; if the notifier is a corporation: its form, its name, registered headquarters and the legally representing body;
the name and address of the recipient or, if the recipient is a corporation, its name and registered headquarters;
description of the contested information and its precise location;
the reasons for which the content must be removed, including reference to legal provisions and supporting evidence;
a copy of correspondence addressed to the author or publisher of information or suspicious activities requesting their interruption, withdrawal or modification, or justification for why the author or the publisher could not be contacted.
Note: In accordance with Belgian law, the bank is not available to players under the age of 12.
ARTICLE 6 LIABILITY
You agreed that you are making use of the PLATFORM and any related websites , services, applications and forums at your own risk, and that they are being provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. BEEMOOV expressly disclaims any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
YOU ASSUME ALL RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE SOFTWARE INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE RISKS OF PROGRAM ERRORS, DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT, LOSS OF DATA, OR UNAVAILABILITY OR INTERRUPTION OF OPERATIONS.
BEEMOOV cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the PLATFORM.
BEEMOOV is not liable for:
temporary disruption of access to the PLATFORM for technical maintenance or updating of published information;
virus attacks; or
the accuracy or opinions of any Content posted by USERS or by any websites reached by links from the PLATFORM; or
abnormal or illegal use of PLATFORM. In such case, the USER is solely responsible for damage to third parties and consequences of claims or actions that may result.
If you have a dispute with any other USER, you indemnify and release us (and our affiliates, subsidiaries and our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) from, arising out of or related to all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of any kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected to such disputes. You expressly waive all statutory protections that might limit such a release.
In any case, it is up to the USER to prove the fault of BEEMOOV in order to challenge its liability, which will be strictly limited to direct damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL BEEMOOV OR ANY LICENSOR, SERVICE PROVIDER OR SUPPLIER TO BEEMOOV BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM, EVEN IF BEEMOOV OR SUCH OTHER PERSON HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN. BEEMOOV’s LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO BEEMOOV FOR THE PLATFORM DURING THE MOST RECENT THREE MONTHS OF THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP OR (Ten Dollars). USER agrees that such limitation does not deprive USER of an essential remedy.
You agree to indemnify and hold BEEMOOV, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, agents, partners, licensors, contractors, service providers and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, expenses and costs, made by any third party related to or arising out of your use of the PLATFORM in violation of this Agreement, arising from a breach of this Agreement, and/or if any Content that you post on the PLATFORM or through the PLATFORM causes us or any such other indemnified person to be liable to another.
ARTICLE 7 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
7.1 Property of BEEMOOV
The trademarks, logos, slogans, graphics, photographs, animations, videos, software and text contained on the PLATFORM are the exclusive property of BEEMOOV and may not be reproduced, used or represented without the express permission of BEEMOOV or its partners, under penalty of law.
Any total or partial reproduction, use or representation of the PLATFORM, by any means whatsoever, without the express permission of BEEMOOV is prohibited and shall constitute an infringement punishable by articles L.335-2 et seq and Articles L.713-1 et seq of the Code of Intellectual Property.
The practice of deep links to a page of the website
www.sweetcrush.co.uk/
is prohibited without the express permission of BEEMOOV.
BEEMOOV expressly prohibits:
1 ° the extraction, by permanent or temporary transfer, of all or any substantial content of a database to another medium by any means; and
2 ° the use, by making available to the public, all or any substantial content of the database, regardless of the form.
7.2 Grant of License by CONTRIBUTOR
In the event that an item provided by a CONTRIBUTOR would be considered a work within the meaning of Article L 112-2 of the French Intellectual Property Code, by express agreement and only in connection with the use of PLATFORM, the CONTRIBUTOR grants a license of exploitation rights necessary for the use and publication of said work, including rights of reproduction, representation, modification, public performance, public display and distribution solely on and through the PLATFORM. This license is granted free of charge to BEEMOOV for use with the PLATFORM.
Accordingly, BEEMOOV can reproduce, use and represent the work of the MEMBER, in any format on any other page of the PLATFORM.
This license is non-exclusive and transferable for the duration of the intellectual property rights of the work and throughout the world.
The CONTRIBUTOR warrants that any works the CONTRIBUTOR publishes do not constitute a violation of intellectual property rights, or create any unfair or abusive competition, or otherwise violate any law, rule or regulation. Thus, the CONTRIBUTOR agrees to defend BEEMOOV and bear all costs (including attorneys’ and experts’ fees) against any claim concerning any such works and their normal use.
ARTICLE 8 TERMINATION
Each USER may terminate its registration on the PLATFORM by requesting the closure of the USER’S personal account to BEEMOOV. This request shall be deemed effective the business day following receipt by BEEMOOV.
Upon termination, all personal data concerning the USER will be immediately removed, except data that identifies a content editor for the purposes of the Act of June 21, 2004, which are kept for one year before being destroyed.
Without prejudice to other provisions of these Terms, BEEMOOV may terminate a USER's ACCOUNT
(i)
without notice or demand in case of serious breach by the USER of any of its breach and requesting the USER to comply with these Terms, the changes are not made within 15 days or such shorter period as BEEMOOV may require;
(ii)
the ACCOUNT remains inactive for more than twelve months continuously;
Any termination by BEEMOOV shall not impair its right to obtain damages from the USER, or USER’s legal representatives, and their respective successors and assigns, for losses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) incurred by such neglect of obligations.
The USER will be notified by email of the cancellation or confirmation of the termination of the USER’s personal account. The USER’s data will be destroyed at the USER’s request or at the expiration of the legal time after the termination of the account, but BEEMOOV may retain USER’s data in a separate archive for purposes of pending or anticipated disputes with USER or any third party relating to the USER or, after removal of the USER’s screen name and real name, if applicable, for data analytics.
ARTICLE 9 PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Use of the PLATFORM is governed by our
General Privacy Policy
, which is incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.
9.1
- BEEMOOV is committed to implementing the best means to respect the legal measures and regulations relative to the protection of personal data and notably the measures of the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
BEEMOOV is committed to implementing the best means to:
- treat this data uniquely for the purpose(s) of the service, meaning accessing https://www.sweetcrush.co.uk/ and to exchange information with its clients and prospects, within the framework of BEEMOOV’s activities;
- guarantee the confidentiality of personal data, and as such, insure that the persons authorized to treat this personal data respect the confidentiality or are submitted to an appropriate legal obligation of confidentiality.
BEEMOOV is committed to not transfer personal data to third parties other than their subcontractors who intervene to ensure the purpose(s) of the service, notably the host subcontractor.
9.2
- BEEMOOV conserves the personal data during a period of 3 years after the date of the termination of a user account, no matter the reason of the termination. The personal data will then be archived in a manner that respects BEEMOOV’s legal obligations, then deleted.
9.3
- BEEMOOV reminds its users that they can exercise their right to access, interrogate, rectify, oppose and understand the portability of, request the erase of and limit the treatment of their personal data by contacting: support@beemoov.com.
Nevertheless, BEEMOOV informs it’s users that we may ask for a proof of identity. The response time delay concerning any of the cited rights will take effect upon BEEMOOV’s reception of said proof of identity.
9.4
– The Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertés (CNIL) is the authority whose mission is to ensure that the European General Data Protection Regulation is applied. The contact information for this administrative body is available on their internet site:
www.cnil.fr
.
Personal data collected on the platforms https://www.sweetcrush.co.uk/ and https://www.amordoce.com/ will be stocked on a server owned by our partner, OVH. This server is located in Beauharnois, Canada.
ARTICLE 10 MODIFICATION
BEEMOOV reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. Changes shall take effect the first day of the month following their publication on the PLATFORM or, if earlier, the date when BEEMOOV sends you an e-mail identifying such modified Terms.
Any registration (and any use of the PLATFORM) after the date of publication of modified Terms will be deemed as having been made after consenting to the new version of the Terms.
Any MEMBER registered before the application of amendments to the Terms retains the right to cancel his or her ACCOUNT at any time as provided in Article 8 TERMINATION.
ARTICLE 11 GENERAL PROVISIONS
You agree that BEEMOOV may contact you relating to your ACCOUNT or relating to your use of the PLATFORM or as authorized by applicable law. We may contact you for marketing, promotional or other reasons where you have previously consented, until you notify us that you provide us with notice you with to opt-out of such communications. We may share your contact information with our affiliates and service providers to operate the PLATFORM under our
General Privacy Policy
.
No other guidelines or documents can create obligations not included in the Terms unless agreed in writing by both Parties.
This document (combined with the
General Privacy Policy
) set forth the entire and exclusive expression of the agreements and obligations of the Parties. No other guidelines or documents can create obligations not included in the Terms unless agreed in writing by both Parties.
The fact that one of the Parties did not require the enforcement of any provision of these Terms, whether permanently or temporarily, will in no way be considered a waiver of such provision.
The titles contained herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not be used to interpret the meaning of these Terms.
If any provision of these Terms were to be deemed invalid under a statute or regulation in force and/or a court decision, it will be disregarded but will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions which shall remain fully applicable.
Unless otherwise stated, all references to a law or regulation refers to the laws of France.
All of our rights and obligations under this Agreement are freely assignable by us in connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent us from complying with the law. This Agreement does not confer any third party beneficiary rights.
The PLATFORM is controlled and operated by BEEMOOV from its offices in Nantes, France. By accessing the PLATFORM or otherwise consenting to the USER’s access to the PLATFORM, each Party agrees that the statutes and laws of France ( without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods) will apply to all matters arising out of or relating to the relationship of the Parties, the use of the PLATFORM and the purchase of products and/or PLATFORM services available through the PLATFORM, and each Party further agrees and hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Nantes, France with respect to such matters. Each Party waives any right to commence any action in connection with this Agreement in any court outside Nantes, France. Each party hereby agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts without reservation as to inconvenient forum or lack of jurisdiction. Each party agrees to accept service of process by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or, if a Party has not submitted information sufficient for such postal mailing, by e-mail to the e-mail address that you have provided in registration or otherwise, with a copy to the Internet Service Provider that hosts the Internet domain that is the ICANN-registered registrant hosting such domain.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF MATTERS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT. THIS WAIVER AND THE OTHER CONSENTS REGARDING RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES IS INFORMED AND VOLUNTARY.
LEGAL INFORMATION
The present internet site is edited and controlled by BEEMOOV.
The Company OVH, SAS capital of 10,000,000 euros is the service provider, hosting direct and permanent storage, as subcontractor of BEEMOOV.
RCS LILLE METROPOLE- Tourcoing 424 761 419 00045, Code APE 6202A, Corporate headquarters: 2 rue Kellermann - 59100 Roubaix - France.
Sweet Crush is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental, and does not place any liability whatsoever on BEEMOOV.
© 2013 BEEMOOV SAS. All rights reserved.
2025 |
SWEET CRUSH
Home
Forum
Terms of Service
General Privacy Policy
Legal Information
Manage Authorizations
Cookies Policy
Content Creation Policy
Contact
Compatibility
Credits
An online
Beemoov
game.
GB
Like a Fashionista
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.sweetcrush.co.uk/privacy-policy:
Continue without agreeing →
With your agreement, we and
our 9 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Functional and Technical
, Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Learn More →
Agree and close
Log in:
?
Log in via Facebook
Home
Dates
Personalization
Episodes
Mobile
Facebook
Instagram
CREATE YOUR OWN STORY
AT SWEET AMORIS AND LIVE A
VIRTUAL
LOVE STORY!
Flirt with the boys and
experience your own love story
08/01
[PROMO] Dialogues for 1 AP!
29/12
[EVENT] Exclusive Japan Expo Special Episode
806 348
SWEETIES
17
players
online
REGISTRATION
Flirt with the Crush that you like and create a unique story.
Meet different guys
, talk with them and
try to win their hearts
. Will you know how to please them? Through a system of dialogues and varied actions, see
your story evolve with each choice you make
. Each episode has several endings. By using replays,
try to discover them all!
CASTIEL
Castiel can be hard to get along with. It's not easy to talk to him or know what he's thinking, but in reality he must be nice deep down. Behind his bad mood and his personality full of rage, he appreciates retorts and won't hesitate to poke fun.
Sweet Crush is a virtual online flirting game.
With
new episodes updated regularly,
meet a multitude of different
characters,
make your own decisions,
conquer the hearts of the boys
you like and
create your own unique story!
Create the character of your choice!
Personalize your character,
choose her astrological sign, choose from several different hair styles and colors.
Adapt her style
using the variety of clothing available in the shop as you advance through the episodes.
You can also
decorate your bedroom
with the objects you win in the game.
Build your own story!
Episode 1
Episode 2
Episode 3
Episode 1 - Arrival at Sweet Amoris
A move, a new city, a new College... Welcome to Sweet Amoris!
When you get to your new school, the principal tells you that your transfer has been done correctly. You're file is missing some items, it's up to you to find them!
Get to know some of your fellow students, who include two boys: Nathaniel, the student body president, nice, very serious and strict and Castiel, the school rebel, who doesn't seem too approachable.
A third boy?! Ken, a former school friend who has a crush on you and changed schools just to be near you!
Find the missing items to complete your file and get to know the boys. Who will you get along the best with when you get start there?
Three different possible endings for you to discover!
You can also play on your smartphone
and tablet!
Sweet Crush App
REGISTRATION
2025 |
SWEET CRUSH
Home
Forum
Terms of Service
General Privacy Policy
Legal Information
Manage Authorizations
Cookies Policy
Content Creation Policy
Contact
Compatibility
Credits
An online
Beemoov
game.
GB
Like a Fashionista
Sub-policy 1
https://www.beemoov.co.uk/legal/privacy:
Beemoov
Home
Our Games
News
The Team
CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY
The protection of your privacy and your personal data is a priority for us and we undertake to process your data in the strictest observance of the French Data Protection Act of January 6, 1978 (hereafter, the “Data Protection Act”), as modified, and the (EU) General Data Protection Regulation of April 27, 2016 (hereafter, the “GDPR”).
In any event, we undertake to observe the following three essential principles:
- You remain in charge of your personal data;
- Your data are processed in a transparent, confidential and secure manner;
- Your data are not in any case sold or rented to third parties.
This CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY governs the terms for managing personal data when using the PLATFORMS published by the company BEEMOOV.
Any use of a PLATFORM of BEEMOOV necessarily implies that the USER accepts this Confidentiality Policy without reservation.
BEEMOOV is a French Simplified Joint Stock Company (
Société par Actions Simplifiées
) (SAS) with a share capital of 200,000 euros, registered with the Registry of Trade and Companies of Nantes under the
number B 492 377 908, with its registered office located at 57 Boulevard Gaston Serpette 44000 NANTES, France.
ARTICLE 1: DEFINITIONS
- ACCOUNT: designates the interface on which the data provided by the MEMBER and hosted on the PLATFORM are consolidated.
- FORUM: designates the forum accessible on the PLATFORM, as well as any page of a social network connected with a BEEMOOV game.
- MEMBER: designates any person who registers on the PLATFORM in order to benefit from the various services provided by BEEMOOV.
- OPTION: designates any equipment, character or, more broadly, any additional functionality of a game that is for pay.
- PLATFORM: designates the internet sites and mobile applications for the BEEMOOV games. The PLATFORM consolidates all of the hosted web pages, mobile applications and services offered to the USERS.
- DATA CONTROLLER: designates the entity which, alone or jointly with another entity, determines the means and the purposes for processing of personal data.
- PROCESSOR: designates the person processing the personal data on behalf of the DATA CONTROLLER, who acts under the authority of the DATA CONTROLLER and on its instruction. This complies with Article 28 of the GDPR.
- USERS: designates all of the MEMBERS and the VISITORS.
ARTICLE 2: IDENTITY AND CONTACT INFORMATION FOR THE DATA CONTROLLER
The controller for your data is BEEMOOV SAS, a French Simplified Joint Stock Company (
Société par actions simplifiée
) with a share capital of 200,000 euros registered with the Registry of Trade and Companies of Nantes under the number B 492 377 908, with its registered office located at 57 Boulevard Gaston Serpette, 44000 NANTES, France.
ARTICLE 3: CONTACT INFORMATION FOR OUR DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
Our Data Protection Officer is there to respond to all of your requests, including the exercise of the rights relating to your personal data.
You can contact the Data Protection Officer by e-mail at dpo@beemoov.com, or by post at the address DPO BEEMOOV – HAAS Avocats, 32 rue la Boétie, 75008 Paris FRANCE.
ARTICLE 4: COLLECTION & ORIGIN OF DATA
Your Personal Data may be collected and retained by BEEMOOV at the time of carrying out the following actions (this list is not exhaustive):
- Browsing / using the PLATFORM
- Creating a
MEMBER ACCOUNT
- Purchasing valid OPTIONS on the PLATFORM
- Participating in an Event or a Game Competition
- Sending a request for contact to BEEMOOV and/or to our Client Service
- Reading the advertising of our partners
- Creating messages or content in our FORUM
ARTICLE 5: PURPOSES & LEGAL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING
In all cases, your data are collected and processed in order to:
- Allow you to benefit from all of the functions and services offered
- Allow us to improve our services
- Allow us to ensure effective commercial monitoring
- Prevent fraud, abuse and cheating on the PLATFORM
- Deposit third party cookies on your terminal for the purpose of measuring the audience of our internet site
- Offer you commercial proposals and targeted advertising based on your centers of interest
- Manage and respond to your requests to exercise your Data Protection rights
Legal basis:
- Contractual, the processing is necessary for the performance of an agreement or pre-contractual measures
- Our legitimate interest to guarantee the best level of operation and quality for our internet site particularly by means of the visit statistics for the latter
- Your consent when this is required (for minors, see Article 14)
- Legal obligation (GDPR and the French Data Protection Act)
ARTICLE 6: THE DATA PROCESSED
You can consult the detail for the personal data that we may have concerning you.
Account Data -
the information provided during the process of creating an ACCOUNT in order to use the PLATFORM, such as name, e-mail, pseudonym, date of birth, etc.
Connection Data -
upon each connection to the PLATFORM and in a non-limited manner: IP, devices used, internet access provider, operating system, date and time of access, region of connection, etc.
Client Service -
in order to process the request for client service, to understand the problem, and to improve our service: name, pseudonym, e-mail, IP, origin of the connection, history of communications, payment data, etc.
Transactions -
information concerning the purchase of OPTIONS: payment methods, IP and region of connection, history of purchases, etc.
Activity Data -
during the use of the PLATFORM: statistics, advancement on the PLATFORM, history, purchases on the PLATFORM, interactions with other players, etc.
FORUM Data -
in the event of using our forums and social networks: the content or message, connection data, history of participation, profile information, etc.
ARTICLE 7: RECIPIENTS OF YOUR DATA
Within the limit of their respective attributes and for the purposes set out in Article 4, the principal persons who shall have access to your data are the following:
- The authorized personnel of the various departments of BEEMOOV (administrative, accounting, marketing, sales, logistics and information technology departments);
- The service providers responsible for the management of the PLATFORM (information management, hosts);
- The authorized personnel of our processors (if there are processors) / service providers;
- If appropriate, the courts concerned, the mediators, accountants, statutory auditors, attorneys, bailiffs, collection agencies, police or gendarme authorities in the event of theft or court-ordered requisition or assistance;
- The third parties which may deposit cookies on your terminals (computers, tablets, portable phones, etc.) when you consent to this.
Your data are not communicated or exchanged with any person other than those cited above.
Your data are not in any case sold or rented to third parties.
ARTICLE 8: RETENTION PERIODS FOR THE DATA
Your data are only retained for the time necessary for the actions for the purposes detailed in this document,
        for example, in order to ensure the correct operation and the ongoing improvement of our PLATFORM and its functionalities.
        This retention period may however change if this is required by a specific regulation.
ARTICLE 9: YOUR RIGHTS
In accordance with the French Data Protection Act and the GDPR, you have the following rights:
- Right of access and rectification
- Right to erasure of your personal data
- Right to withdraw your consent
- Right to restriction of processing of your data
- Right to object to the processing of your data
- Right to data portability that you have provided to us, when your data are subject to automated processing on the basis of your consent or an agreement (Article 20 of the GDPR)
- Right to define the fate of your data after your death and to choose whether (or not) we transmit your data to a third party that you have designated in advance.
In the event of death and in the absence of instructions from you, we undertake to destroy your data, unless the storage of this data is necessary for probative purposes or in order to comply with a legal obligation.
You may exercise your rights by sending an e-mail to our client support:
support@beemoov.com
You may also contact our Data Protection Officer at the address:
dpo@beemoov.com
or by sending a letter to the following address: DPO BEEMOOV – HAAS Avocats, 32 rue la Boétie, 75008 Paris, France.
You have the possibility to bring a claim before the supervisory authority of your country (for example, in France this is the CNIL
https://www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes
)
ARTICLE 10: CONNECTION DATA AND COOKIES
On our PLATFORM we use connection data (date, time, Internet address, your telephone protocol, the pages viewed) and cookies (small files recorded on your computer) that allow us to identify you, to record your visits and in particular concerning the pages consulted, to measure the use of our internet site and to propose to you promotional offers and/or targeted advertising on the basis of your browsing, your needs and your centers of interest.
You may find more information by reviewing our Charter for the Management of Cookies.
https://us.beemoov.com/legal/cookies
ARTICLE 11: SOCIAL NETWORKS
You have the possibility to click on the icons dedicated to the social networks Twitter, Facebook and Google+, and on the YouTube icon appearing on our site.
The social networks allow for improved sharing on the site and help to promote the site via the sharing.
When you use these buttons, we may have access to personal information that you have indicated as public and accessible
            from your Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and YouTube profiles. However, we do not create or use any database independent from Twitter, Facebook, Google+,
            and YouTube on the basis of the personal information that you may publish there and we do not use any data relating to your private life by this means.
If you do
not
wish for us to have access to the personal information published on the public area of your profiles or social network accounts, you must then use the means provided to you by Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and YouTube to limit access to your data.
ARTICLE 12: TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION
With regard to the nature of its activity, BEEMOOV may have reason to make transfers of your data to processors located outside of the European Union, such as hosts.
If BEEMOOV makes transfers outside of the EU, you will be immediately informed of this. We will indicate to you the measures taken in order to control this transfer and to ensure observance of the confidentiality of your data.
ARTICLE 13: SECURITY
BEEMOOV and its possible processors undertake to implement all technical and organizational measures in order to ensure the security of our processing of personal data and the confidentiality of your data in application of the French Data Protection Act and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
In this connection, BEEMOOV shall take all useful precautions with regard to the nature of your data and the risks presented by our processing in order to preserve the security of the data and, in particular, to prevent them from being distorted or damaged, or to prevent any unauthorized third parties having access to them (physical protection of the premises, procedure to authenticate our clients with personal and secure access by means of confidential identifiers and passwords, logging of connections, encryption of certain data, etc.).
ARTICLE 14: PROTECTION OF MINORS
It is noted that the PLATFORM is prohibited to minors under the age of 16 and that it may contain scenes of nudity, behavior or allusions of a sexual nature, or other content of a mature nature (violence, religion, death, etc.).
Minors over the age of 16 must obtain the authorization of their legal representative in order to use the PLATFORM.
In accordance with the provisions of the GDPR, the processing of the personal data of a child on the basis of consent is only lawful if the child is at least 16 years of age.
Home
Our Games
News
The Team
Support
Employment and Internships
Advertising
Press
About
Contact
© 2007-2025 - Beemoov, Web & Mobile Games -
Legal Terms
GB
Sweet Crush
Like a Fashionista