Solve now in Puzzazz!
Cryptic All-Stars:
45 Amazing Variety Cryptic Puzzles
The Year
of Puzzles
22 unique and
incredible puzzles
Puzzability's
Variety Show!
Mike Selinker's
The Maze of Games
—
an interactive puzzle novel
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy as much as we value our own.
Information that we collect
Account Information
-
		when you sign up for an account, we ask for your name and email address.
		We use this information to identify you and your account.
		Some products and services do not require an account, but signing in may
		provide a more consistent experience across multiple sessions or on multiple devices.
		We may ask you for optional account information. If you provide it, we will store it
		and may use it to help us provide you with a better experience.
Third-party Login
- 
		When you login to Puzzazz through another service, some information from that service may
		be transferred to Puzzazz. We use this information to identify you and your account.
Cookies
- 
		We use cookies and/or other identifiers to keep track of individual users
		so that each user receives a customized experience using our products and services.
		If you are not signed in, any such tracking is anonymous.
Logs
- 
		We log information about how our products and services are used in order to
		improve our products and services or to improve the experience we offer you.
What we do with the information
We use information that identifies you only in ways that you authorize,
to provide or improve the products and services we offer you,
or to help us aggregate data.
We use aggregate data to maintain and improve our products and services in many ways,
including understanding how our products and services are used.
We may share aggregate usage data with business partners and third parties.
We share personal information with other parties outside of Puzzazz
only in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent.
We provide information to some trusted third-party businesses or individuals
		for the purpose of processing information or providing services on our behalf subject to this privacy policy.
We provide information to some content partners whose content you have purchased.
We have a good faith belief that sharing is reasonably necessary to
		(a) satisfy any applicable law or legal governmental request,
		(b) detect, prevent, or otherwise address security issues, technical issues,
		harm to the rights, property or safety of Puzzazz or the public, or violations
		of any applicable Terms of Service.
Your statistics
Puzzazz provides some features which allow you to track your solving statistics and share
some or all of these statistics with others. We treat such statistical information specially.
You do not need to be a registered user to solve puzzles, but some features
    	may require you to be registered and logged in (for example, if you wish to
    	track your solving statistics).
When you add a friend, you are giving us permission to share your solving
    	statistics with them.
When you login to Puzzazz through another service, we may share information
    	with your connections on that service.
    	You can
opt out
of this sharing at any time.
Some limited statistics may be shared publicly (for example, on a leader board).
    	You can
opt out
of public sharing at any time.
We don't like spam
We send a limited number of emails to our mailing list.
We don't send off-topic emails.
When we send email, it is short and to the point.
We don't allow our mailing list to be used by others.
You can
opt out
of our mailing list at any time.
We won't provide your email address to third parties except as described above.
Third-party services
Puzzazz may store data on servers maintained by third party providers.
We only use providers that agree to maintain a level of service consistent
with this privacy policy.
Puzzazz uses some services from third-party companies, including product images and advertising.
These companies may use information about your usage of our products, services, and web sites in order to tailor
information, including advertisements about goods and services, to your interests.
These companies are not provided with any personal information which you provide directly to us.
To learn more about this practice and to understand your privacy choices, please visit the web sites of
Amazon
,
Apple
,
Google
,
and
Stripe
.
Applicability
Puzzazz is a part of Almanaq LLC.
In the context of this policy, "Puzzazz" includes parties authorized by Puzzazz to access the data,
including subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons.
As described above, we limit the number of third parties we do business with.
This policy may change from time to time. The current version is always available
on the privacy policy page on the Puzzazz web site at
http://www.puzzazz.com/privacy
.
If a change to this policy reduces your privacy rights, then that change will
take effect thirty days after it is published on our web site.
If Puzzazz becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of
sale of some or all of its assets, information may be transferred
to an acquiring party and may become subject to a new privacy policy.
Last updated November 15, 2022
Our Puzzle Books
Buy Gift Certificates
Our World-Class Authors
How to Solve Puzzles
Our exclusive, award-winning TouchWrite™ handwriting recognition
Special features:
Puzzles Live 2013
100th Anniversary of the Crossword
Solve the NYT Daily Crossword in the free Puzzazz app for iOS
Get the puzzle of the day:
RSS Feed
Read the latest Puzzazz Newsletter
Subscribe
About Us
Contact Us
Support
FAQ
Read the Buzz about Puzzazz
Your account
Redeem a coupon or special offer
Cookies: If you sign in, we use a cookie for that purpose.
                We also use cookies to manage your browser session.
If you use third-party services, such as Facebook, with Puzzazz,
                they may use cookies following their own policies.
© 2025 Puzzazz
Privacy Policy