Privacy Policy
Here’s our commitment to your privacy
Summary
We will NEVER rent, share, or sell ANY of our user data.
Bitsboard is fully functional without creating or adding ANY student specific data.  No email is required
You can create a Bitsboard account with an email and password if you like to be able to get access to your Bitsboard account across devices and if you would like to link students to a main user (i.e. teacher).  This is used only to make the app work easily for you the teacher.
You can also turn cloud sync ON if you want to backup your data and sync all data across devices.  This feature is optional and for the user benefit only.  If you want all user data to stay on the local device do not use cloud sync.  Even if you do use cloud sync we have no ability to access the data from our end which is why we can never help with recovery if you lose your email and password.
If you have any questions, please check our detailed privacy policy below.
1. What information do we collect and store?
Any information you provide to us is strictly being used to enable the products or services that you have subscribed to. If you have given your email address to us, you may be receiving information about related educational apps that we believe you might also enjoy. We also collect and store the files you upload, download, or access within our apps.
2. How’s my information going to be used?
Any information you provide to us is strictly being used to enable the products or services that you have subscribed to.
If you have given your email address to us, your email is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service, (iii) to better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve your experience, and (v) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements.
3. How to stop receiving emails from us?
You can stop receiving emails from us anytime with just one click. At the bottom of every email that we send we offer a link to unsubscribe. You can also contact us at support at Grasshopper Apps anytime so that we can help.
4. Who has access to my information?
Any information you provide is strictly used to enable us to deliver the products or services that you have signed up for. We never rent, share, or offer access to customer information to any third party.
Through certain features of our apps, you may also make some of your information public. Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction.
5. Changing or deleting information
You can delete any information you have submitted through any of our apps from inside the app at any time.
6. Data retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you may delete your account at any time from inside our apps. We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information quickly upon request. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. In addition, we do not delete from our servers files that you have in common with other users.
7. Security
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
8. Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Student Data Privacy Questions
Are our apps intended for K-12 students?
Yes, our apps are intended for users ranging from 2 to 99+years so K-12 students are definitely part of our target market.
Is there any tracking of student information, if so what does this include?
All tracking is optional.  All of our apps can be used without creating any student accounts.  Some of our apps offer the ability to track user progress but the user account can be anonymous and does not require an email account.  In other words, the student, teacher, and parent are always in control and can decide what if anything gets tracked.
What student data is collected, including metadata, and how is that data used?
Please see the answer above.  Most of our apps collect zero student data.  If you decide to create a student account with an email address, then some of our apps will track user activity within the app so that the student, teacher, or parent can see how the student is doing.  As we said above, students can always create user accounts without any email if they prefer to have everything anonymous.
Which 3rd party companies do you share data with? Do they adhere to your privacy policy and terms of service?
None.
Is any student data used for the purpose of advertisement or marketing?
No.
Is student information disclosed or sold and if so to who?
No.  We have and will never disclose or sell any student information to anyone.
Is your tool and company FERPA, CIPA, COPPA, and SOPIPA, and AB1584 compliant?
We are not familiar with all of the above acronyms but we try to follow best practices in terms of ensuring our user privacy.
What do you do with student data after the data is no longer needed?
Nothing.  First, the majority of our apps collect zero student data.  For the apps that do collect student data, the student, teacher, or parent can delete all data at anytime.  Plus, you can also track data anonymously if you like.
Bitsboard | Flashcards & Mini-Games for Personalized Learning
Flashcards & Engaging Kids Games for Personalized Learning
Bitsboard: Custom Flashcards & Engaging Kids Games for Personalized Learning
Bitsboard redefines learning with customizable flashcards and fun educational games, perfect for every child's unique needs. Praised by parents, educators, and therapists, our app offers versatile tools for both mainstream and special education. Experience interactive and adaptable learning for kids with Bitsboard, where education is as unique as your child.