Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Ripple Digital Publishing Corp. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the
http://www.ripplepublishing.ca
website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Ripple Digital Publishing.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
While our Apps do not directly collect any of your personal Information. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Ripple Digital Publishing may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Children’s Privacy
Our Educational Apps, including any APIs that it uses to provide services, is compliant with relevant child regulations ad industry standards for all countries where the app is distributed, including without limitations, the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule
in the United States. Our app’s current rating and interactive elemtns. ESRB ratings will be used as the global standard for Designed for Families eligibility.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
We want to inform you that whenever you use our App, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Changes to this privacy policy
Ripple Digital Publishing has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us via our
contact form
.
This document was created by
GeneratePrivacyPolicy.com
and
App Privacy Policy Generator
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/childrens-online-privacy-protection-rule:
Skip to main content
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure.
The
https://
ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
Sub-policy 1
http://www.generateprivacypolicy.com/:
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Blog
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample Terms & Conditions Template
App Privacy Policy Template
What Is a Privacy Policy (Meaning)
Privacy Policy Is Required By law
Where to Place Your Privacy Policy Link
SaaS Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Landing Page
SaaS Legal Requirements
GDPR
Privacy Policy
Generator
Every website & app needs a Privacy Policy.
Start Generating Your Privacy Policy
Generate Privacy Policy
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue & Generate Privacy Policy
You will be redirected to our trusted partner website
to generate the Free Privacy Policy.
About Our Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policies are not only a useful legal document to have on every website or app,
Privacy Policies are legally required.
Most privacy laws around the world, such as GDPR in the EU, CalOPPA and the new CCPA from USA, Privacy Act in Australia and many others require websites and apps to have a privacy notice. This "privacy notice" is also known as a Privacy Policy.
You need a Privacy Policy whenever you collect personal data from users. Even if you don't collect information from users directly, such as a through a contact form, you may still be legally required to have a Privacy Policy because your website or app uses third-party libraries that may collect user data.
You need a Privacy Policy if you ask personal data from users through forms (email address, name)
You need a Privacy Policy if you use tools from Google, such as Google Analytics or Google AdWords.
You need a Privacy Policy if you analytics tools, such as Mixpanel, Matomo (Piwik), Simple Analytics.
You need a Privacy Policy if send promotional emails to users (either through your own server or through MailChimp or similar tools).
You need a Privacy Policy if you set up and manage remarketing/retargeting campaigns through Google Tag Manager, Facebook Pixel and similar tools.
In the end, many situations may require you to have a Privacy Policy.
The accuracy of the generated privacy policy is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
Every Privacy Policy should include information about Cookies
Privacy Policies should include information regarding a website's use of cookies.
It's also useful to include instructions for website visitors how to delete cookies from their own web browsers.
How to Delete Cookies
Here are the steps for deleting cookies from modern web browsers.
How to delete cookies on Google Chrome (Windows)
Open the menu from the top right (three dots)
Click Settings
Click Privacy and security
Click Clear browsing data
Select either Basic or Advanced
Click Clear data
How to delete cookies on Edge (Windows)
Open the Menu (three dots)
Click Settings
Click Privacy and services
Click Choose what to clear at the Clear browsing data
Make your selection
Click Clear now
How to delete cookies on Mozilla Firefox (Windows)
Click the Menu (three lines)
Click Options
Click Privacy & Security
Go to the Cookies and Site Data section
Click Clear Data
How to delete cookies on Opera (Windows)
Click Settings
Click Advanced
Click Privacy & security
Click Clear browsing data
Click Clear data after selecting either Basic or Advanced
Privacy Policy Preview
Privacy Policy for
Company Name
At
Website Name
, accessible at
Website.com
, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by
Website Name
and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at
Email@Website.com
Log Files
Website Name
follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website,
Website Name
uses ‘cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
.
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of
Website Name
.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on
Website Name
, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that
Website Name
has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
Website Name
's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Website Name
does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in
Website Name
. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Our Generators
Privacy Policy Generator
Every website needs a Privacy Policy to comply with the GDPR, CCPA and CalOPPA laws.
Visit Privacy Policy Generator
Terms & Conditions Generator
Every website needs a Terms & Conditions agreement to protect the business and its intellectual property.
Visit Terms & Conditions Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Every website needs a Disclaimer for external links, user-generated content, fitness information and more.
Visit Disclaimer Generator
Sub-policy 2
https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/:
App Privacy Policy Generator
Generate a customized Privacy Policy and Terms of Use document for your mobile apps
Forever
free and open-source,
built with
♥️
by
Nishant
and
contributors.
⭐️ Check out the Guestbook for reviews
|
Read FAQ
Start
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the  app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by [Developer/Company name] (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as [open source/free/freemium/ad-supported/commercial] service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".
Information Collection and Use
The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include information such as
Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)
The pages of the Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages
The time spent on the Application
The operating system you use on your mobile device
The Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.
The Application collects your device's location, which helps the Service Provider determine your approximate geographical location and make use of in below ways:
Geolocation Services: The Service Provider utilizes location data to provide features such as personalized content, relevant recommendations, and location-based services.
Analytics and Improvements: Aggregated and anonymized location data helps the Service Provider to analyze user behavior, identify trends, and improve the overall performance and functionality of the Application.
Third-Party Services: Periodically, the Service Provider may transmit anonymized location data to external services. These services assist them in enhancing the Application and optimizing their offerings.
The Service Provider may use the information you provided to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
For a better experience, while using the Application, the Service Provider may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information[add whatever else you collect here, e.g. users name, address, location, pictures] The information that the Service Provider request will be retained by them and used as described in this privacy policy.
Third Party Access
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
Google Play Services
The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Opt-Out Rights
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy
The Service Provider will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you'd like them to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact them at  and they will respond in a reasonable time.
Children
The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13.
The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case
the Service Provider discover that a child under 13 has provided
personal information, the Service Provider will immediately
delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian
and you are aware that your child has provided us with
personal information, please contact the Service Provider () so that
they will be able to take the necessary actions.
Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-03-17
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at .
This privacy policy page was generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the  app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by [Developer/Company name] (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as [open source/free/freemium/ad-supported/commercial] service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application does not obtain any information when you download and use it. Registration is not required to use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Since the Application does not collect any information, no data is shared with third parties.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children
The Application is not used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from children. The Service Provider 
encourages all children to never submit any personally
identifiable information through the Application and/or Services.
The Service Provider encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor 
their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing 
their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child 
has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Application and/or Services, 
please contact the Service Provider () so that they will be able to take the necessary actions. 
You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing 
of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent 
or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Security
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. However, since the Application does not collect any information, there is no risk of your data being accessed by unauthorized individuals.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to their Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-03-17
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at .
This privacy policy page was generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is applicable to the  app (hereinafter referred to as "Application") for mobile devices, which was developed by [Developer/Company name] (hereinafter referred to as "Service Provider") as a [open source/free/freemium/ad-supported/commercial] service. This service is provided "AS IS".
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application acquires the information you supply when you download and register the Application. Registration with the Service Provider is not mandatory. However, bear in mind that you might not be able to utilize some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with them.
The Service Provider may also use the information you provided them to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.
This Application collects your device's location, which helps the Service Provider determine your approximate geographical location and make use of in below ways:
Geolocation Services: The Service Provider utilizes location data to provide features such as personalized content, relevant recommendations, and location-based services.
Analytics and Improvements: Aggregated and anonymized location data helps the Service Provider to analyze user behavior, identify trends, and improve the overall performance and functionality of the Application.
Third-Party Services: Periodically, the Service Provider may transmit anonymized location data to external services. These services assist them in enhancing the Application and optimizing their offerings.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
Google Play Services
The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can halt all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
The Service Provider will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. The Service Provider will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you'd like the Service Provider to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact them at  and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13.
The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally
identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case
the Service Provider discover that a child under 13 has provided
personal information, the Service Provider will immediately
delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian
and you are aware that your child has provided us with
personal information, please contact the Service Provider () so that
they will be able to take the necessary actions.
Security
The Service Provider are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve their Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-03-17
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are giving your consent to the Service Provider processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at .
This privacy policy page was generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions apply to the  app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by [Developer/Company name] (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as [open source/free/freemium/ad-supported/commercial] service.
Upon downloading or utilizing the Application, you are automatically agreeing to the following terms. It is strongly advised that you thoroughly read and understand these terms prior to using the Application. Unauthorized copying, modification of the Application, any part of the Application, or our trademarks is strictly prohibited. Any attempts to extract the source code of the Application, translate the Application into other languages, or create derivative versions are not permitted. All trademarks, copyrights, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to the Application remain the property of the Service Provider.
The Service Provider is dedicated to ensuring that the Application is as beneficial and efficient as possible. As such, they reserve the right to modify the Application or charge for their services at any time and for any reason. The Service Provider assures you that any charges for the Application or its services will be clearly communicated to you.
The Application stores and processes personal data that you have provided to the Service Provider in order to provide the Service. It is your responsibility to maintain the security of your phone and access to the Application. The Service Provider strongly advise against jailbreaking or rooting your phone, which involves removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. Such actions could expose your phone to malware, viruses, malicious programs, compromise your phone's security features, and may result in the Application not functioning correctly or at all.
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Terms and Conditions. Below are the links to the Terms and Conditions of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
Google Play Services
Please be aware that the Service Provider does not assume responsibility for certain aspects. Some functions of the Application require an active internet connection, which can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider. The Service Provider cannot be held responsible if the Application does not function at full capacity due to lack of access to Wi-Fi or if you have exhausted your data allowance.
If you are using the application outside of a Wi-Fi area, please be aware that your mobile network provider's agreement terms still apply. Consequently, you may incur charges from your mobile provider for data usage during the connection to the application, or other third-party charges. By using the application, you accept responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the application outside of your home territory (i.e., region or country) without disabling data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you are using the application, they assume that you have obtained permission from the bill payer.
Similarly, the Service Provider cannot always assume responsibility for your usage of the application. For instance, it is your responsibility to ensure that your device remains charged. If your device runs out of battery and you are unable to access the Service, the Service Provider cannot be held responsible.
In terms of the Service Provider's responsibility for your use of the application, it is important to note that while they strive to ensure that it is updated and accurate at all times, they do rely on third parties to provide information to them so that they can make it available to you. The Service Provider accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, that you experience as a result of relying entirely on this functionality of the application.
The Service Provider may wish to update the application at some point. The application is currently available as per the requirements for the operating system (and for any additional systems they decide to extend the availability of the application to) may change, and you will need to download the updates if you want to continue using the application. The Service Provider does not guarantee that it will always update the application so that it is relevant to you and/or compatible with the particular operating system version installed on your device. However, you agree to always accept updates to the application when offered to you. The Service Provider may also wish to cease providing the application and may terminate its use at any time without providing termination notice to you. Unless they inform you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must cease using the application, and (if necessary) delete it from your device.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
The Service Provider may periodically update their Terms and Conditions. Therefore, you are advised to review this page regularly for any changes. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.
These terms and conditions are effective as of 2025-03-17
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Terms and Conditions, please do not hesitate to contact the Service Provider at .
This Terms and Conditions page was generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
This template for Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions is furnished on an "AS IS" basis, devoid of any express or implied warranties or conditions.
It serves as a reference document for you while drafting your own privacy policy.
The developer of the App Privacy Policy Generator disclaims any liability for the legal implications arising from the utilization of this privacy policy or terms & conditions.
It is strongly recommended to obtain independent legal counsel to ensure compliance with all regulations applicable to the users of your application.
The developer of the App Privacy Policy Generator cannot be held accountable for any direct or indirect damage/loss incurred by an individual/company as a result of using this document.
What is a privacy policy?
A privacy policy is a legal document that informs individuals about how an organization/individual collects, uses, discloses, and manages their personal data. It outlines the ways in which personal information is handled, including details about data collection, storage, and sharing practices. Essentially, it provides transparency to users regarding their privacy rights and how their data is treated.
What is personal data?
Personal data refers to any information related to an identified or identifiable living individual. It encompasses various identifiers, such as names, email addresses, phone numbers, home addresses, IP addresses, and more. Essentially, any data that can be used to identify a specific person falls under the category of personal data.
Why is a privacy policy important?
A privacy policy is a critical component of any Service Provider's online presence, as it outlines the handling and protection of sensitive customer information. It establishes trust between the service provider and its customers, demonstrating a commitment to protecting their personal data. A well-crafted privacy policy can help prevent legal liabilities and reputational damages, while also providing transparency and clarity on how customer information is collected, used, and shared. By having a comprehensive privacy policy in place, organizations can maintain a competitive advantage, build customer loyalty, and foster a positive brand image.
Is it safe to use a privacy policy template?
Yes, using a privacy policy template is generally safe and efficient. Templates are designed to align with data protection laws, ensuring compliance. However, it's essential to customize the template to accurately reflect your specific practices and business context. Always review and tailor the template to suit your needs.
What are terms and condition?
Terms and conditions are a critical component of contractual agreements, ensuring that all parties have a clear understanding of their rights and responsibilities. These terms are incorporated into a legally binding agreement, adhering to relevant local, state, and federal laws. They establish essential boundaries that all parties must adhere to, providing clarity on acceptable and prohibited platform usage, managing user expectations, and outlining procedures for account termination and suspension. Additionally, these terms specify the governing laws applicable to the contract, provide mechanisms for dispute resolution, and address necessary disclaimers or warranties as required by law. By incorporating these terms into a legal agreement, businesses and customers can ensure they are fully informed of their rights and obligations, promoting a mutually beneficial relationship.
Why is this Privacy Policy Generator free?
This project was built out of a need for a free and open source Privacy Policy Generator for my Android applications.
Most such products online are pay walled or find ways to extract money from indie devs 
like me. I built this for myself first, but eventually saw how it was useful for a lot of
people. Today this webapp is used by people from all over the world, and I hope it will continue to be so.