Effective from 3 September 2023
1. What data do we collect and how do we use it?
2. Your Marketing Preferences
3. Advertising on the Service and other websites
4. What data can other users see through the Service?
5. Who do we share your data with?
6. How long do we keep your data?
7. Is my data transferred to another country?
8. Your Rights
9. Get in Touch
We are Depop.
This is our Privacy Policy. Please read it to find out more about who we are and what we do with your data. Let us know if you need help in understanding what it means for you.
We are Depop Limited (
Depop, we, our
or
us
) and we operate the Depop app and Depop website. Our address is The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol, England, BS13 8FD.
We want to explain here how we use personal information about you (your
data
).
Depop can be accessed via our app or on our website (the
Service
). When you use our Service, we will collect and use data about you. We have written this Privacy Policy to explain what data we collect, how we use it and what choices you have in relation to your data.
We also use cookies, which are files that are stored on your device and access information. You can find out more about how and why we use cookies in our
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
.
1. What data do we collect and how do we use it?
We collect your data when you register to Depop and when you are using our Service. We use your data so that you can use the Service and, from time to time, we may use your data to comply with our legal obligations or for other legitimate reasons. There may also be times when we ask for your consent to use your data.
We collect data from you when you use our Service or when you provide it to us, for example when you:
Register to use the Service.
List an item for sale or sell an item.
Make an offer or buy an item.
View, like, save, search for or comment on an item, add an item to your bag or communicate with other users.
Sign up to our marketing emails and push notifications.
Complete a form or survey.
Participate in a research interview or focus group.
Enter a competition or take part in a promotion.
We need a legal reason to collect and use your data. The main reason we use your data is to perform our contract (the
Terms of Service
) with you, so that you can use our Service.
We may also collect and use your data if we:
Are legally required.
Have your consent.
Have a legitimate reason to do so in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business (known as a legitimate interest), as long as your interests and fundamental rights do not take priority over our legitimate reasons.
We have listed below more information on the types of data we collect and why we use it.
Contact Details and Proof of Identity
When you open your account you will provide us with contact information like your name, email address, telephone number and address.
We use this contact information so we can get in touch with you:
About the products you buy and sell through the Service.
About queries, issues or concerns you or other users have.
If you enter a competition or take part in a promotion.
To ask you to complete a form or survey.
To ask you to participate in a research interview or focus group.
To send you marketing communications.
If you deal with a Depop buyer or seller, we will share your contact details with them. This is a necessary part of buying and selling and using our Service.
We also collect your date of birth when you create an account, which we use for our legitimate interests in verifying your details, understanding the age range of our users, and providing age appropriate service and support to our users.
Where we cannot confirm your identity using other information that we hold about you or that you have provided to us, we may need you to send us copies of identification documents, which we will use together with your contact information. We use this data for our legitimate interest of verifying your details and helping prevent fraudulent access to the Service or use of your account.
Comments and Opinions
If you contact us, for example by email, phone, post or complete an online form, we will collect the comments and opinions you communicate to us.
We also collect data you provide to us, which includes comments and opinions, when you:
Complete a form or survey.
Participate in a research interview or focus group.
Enter a competition or take part in a promotion.
Post on community boards or other message areas.
We use comments and opinions where we have a legitimate interest to address any issues, concerns or questions, as well as to make our Service better for you and other users.
If you complete forms or surveys, participate in research interviews or focus groups, enter competitions or promotions, or post on community boards or other message areas, we use your data, including any comments and opinions, to help determine which products or services you might be interested in and to help send you marketing messages about them. You can read more about marketing messages
here
.
Competitions and Promotions
We collect data you provide to us when you enter a competition or participate in a promotion. We use this data for the purposes of running the competition or promotion you have entered.
This data may include your contact details, such as your name and any other information you provide as part of the competition entry or promotion, as well as any comments or opinions you provide.
If you win a competition or promotion, we have a legitimate interest in using your data in publicity relating to the competition or promotion. This may include your name, Depop username, photographs, likeness, voice, opinions and biographical information.
Your Content and Images
We collect your content, which may feature images containing your personal data, when you voluntarily submit it to us when using the Service. We may use your content and/or images in our online and offline marketing campaigns, which may be conducted via third parties on our behalf, subject to the licence you give us to use such images and content as set out in our
Terms of Service
.
We process your personal data for these purposes either on the basis of our legitimate interests in order to promote Depop in our publicity and marketing campaigns or with your consent.
In-App Messages, Comments and Item Descriptions
If you send in-app messages or comments, or provide item descriptions, we may access, store and review these:
To help with fulfilling an order made via our Service.
To respond to issues, concerns, queries or disputes raised by users and to resolve disputes.
If we believe the messages are in breach of our
Terms of Service
, or show that you have breached our
Terms of Service
, for example for the purposes of fraud prevention and/or safety of our users.
Payment and Transactions
We collect data, including payment information, in relation to items you buy or sell and the payment method(s) you use so you can pay for items and receive money for items that you have sold.
If you buy something using our Service, your username, name, delivery address, email address and phone number that you provide during checkout will be shared with the seller for the purposes of your order. However, you should not share your details directly with sellers and if something does not feel right or you have any concerns, you can contact us using the contact details in
Get in Touch
.
If you sell an item using our Service and purchase the shipping label through Depop, we may share your name, address, email address and phone number with our shipping partner for inclusion on the shipping label to provide the Service to you.
If you use one of our payment partners, including Depop Payments via Stripe, you authorise Depop to pass any information and payment instructions you provide (which may include name, email address, unique customer identifier, order ID, bank account details, payment card details, card expiration date, CVC code, date/time/amount of transaction, merchant name/ID and location) to the extent required to complete payments via the Service. Our support and moderation team will also have access to this information in order to process and support transactions and moderate refunds.
Our payment partners may also collect your information, including information collected by cookies or other similar means, to the extent this is necessary to process the transactions or to satisfy security requirements.
We also use your transaction information and your purchase history to help decide which products and services you might be interested in hearing about and to send you marketing messages about them. You can read more about marketing messages
here
.
Data from Social Accounts
If you connect your Depop account to a social network account, such as Facebook or other social networks, we will collect data about you from the social network. We will do this in accordance with the privacy settings you have on that social network.
The data we may receive includes your name, ID or handle, profile picture, gender, username, user ID, age or age range, language, country, friends list, follower list and any other information you agree to share.
We use this data to help create your public profile on our Service, and help you share your experiences on our Service with your friends, followers or contacts on the social network you have connected your Depop account to.
If you agree, we may also use your data to give you updates on the social network which might be of interest to you or any promotion you are taking part in. We won’t post to your social network or friends, followers or contacts without your permission.
Your relationship with other users
We collect data about the users you follow (and users who follow you) on our Service. We use this to display items to you in your search results, recommendations or feed which may be of interest to you. We use technology (an algorithm) to help us do this.
If an account has been blocked or banned, we also store this data. We do this for our legitimate interests of enforcing our
Terms of Service
and allowing users to manage who can communicate with them on our Service.
Website and app login
When you create an account and log in, we collect your username, password and information about your device. It is in our legitimate interest to use this data to keep your account secure.
If you decide to log-in using a social network, such as Facebook sign-in, or any other third party log-in methods, we are not given your password or other account login details for those social networks or other third party services. However, we may receive some information from those third party services depending on the third party account you choose to use to log in. For example, depending upon the third party service you choose to use and your settings on that service, we may receive your email address registered with that third party service.
You should keep your username and password safe and not share them with anyone else. You are responsible for actions that are taken using your username and password. If you think someone has access to your password or account, you should tell us immediately and change your password.
You can add an extra level of security to your account by turning on two-factor authentication.
Your Device
We will collect information about the device you are using to use the Service. This includes a computer, smartphone or any other electronic device that you can access the Service from.
This can include the type of device, unique device identifying number (such as Android ID, Apple ID or browser fingerprint), what operating system is used on the device, what browsers and applications are used to connect to our Service by your device, your internet service provider or mobile network, your IP address and your device telephone number (if it has one).
If you are logged into a registered account, this information may be associated with you.
We use this device information so that the way the Service is presented and works is suitable for your device. We also use this device information for our legitimate interest of ensuring any users that have been banned are not able to access the Service by creating a new account, as well as detecting and analysing potentially suspicious user activity in order to protect our Service and other users of our Service.
Your preferences
We use the preference and notification settings you have chosen to:
Provide you with notifications.
Send you marketing communications.
Change how our app and/or website is displayed to you.
Change what content you see through our Service.
How you connect to and use our Service
We collect data about how you use our Service. This includes:
Profiles you have viewed.
Items you have listed, viewed, added to bag, bought, sold, searched for, saved, shared, liked or commented on.
The time you access our Service and for how long.
The website you came to our website from, or went after leaving our website.
Any choices you make when using our Service.
We use this data (with the help of third party analytics providers) to:
Understand how our Service is used, which we use for the legitimate interests of improving our Service.
Show you your feed and search results on our Service and order the results in a way that is relevant to you. We use technology (an algorithm) that uses your preferences and, where you have consented to us using your location data, your location to do this.
Display your items to the most relevant potential buyers. We use technology (an algorithm) to do this.
Display the aggregate number of users interested in an item (e.g. by displaying the number of views, offers or the number of users who have added the item to their bag).
Send you tips and other notifications we think will improve your experience of the Service.
Assess if our marketing campaigns or promotions have been successful.
Send you marketing (including via email) about products and services we think may be of interest to you.
Detect or prevent any breach of our
Terms of Service
.
Location
If you have given us your consent, for example via your device settings where permissible, we collect and use your location information to provide you with features of the Service that are relevant to you and your location. Aggregated postcode information is also occasionally used to measure the performance of marketing campaigns we conduct. We may use other information we have together with your location to do this. For example, this helps you to search for items that are for sale in your local area.
If you change your mind about allowing us to use your location information, you can update your preferences in your device settings at any time.
Other Users
Sometimes other users of our Service may provide data about you, such as comments, feedback, and likes relating to your items, and messages they send to you.
Other users can also share information about an item they have bought from you on other social networks that link to Depop. However, this is only information that is already public.
If users want to invite you to use our Service or share information about our Service, we will use data they provide to us about you to help them to do this. We will only do this if they have told us that you have agreed they can communicate with you in this way.
Fraudulent or Criminal Activity, or activity that violates our Terms
We use data about fraudulent or criminal activity which is related to your use of our Service. We use this for our legitimate interests in detecting and preventing fraud and crime, and to comply with our legal obligations. So that we can provide the Service to you on the basis of our
Terms of Service
, we may monitor the data you provide when using the Service to detect and respond to potential fraud, abuse or breaches of our Terms of Service, including listings (description, price), messages, user profile information, phone number, location, linked account information and/or device ID. This can lead to various enforcement actions, from issuing an account warning and content removal to permanently banning an account from the platform. In some cases to protect our Service, this detection and enforcement takes place automatically using machine learning tools (such as in the case of detecting fraud, phishing, commercial spam or users that may have previously been removed from our Service).
Other uses of your data
We will use data we collect to:
Monitor and improve our Service.
Help us develop new products and services.
When we use your data for these purposes, this won’t result in any data that wasn’t previously publicly available being made public on our Service.
We also use your data to resolve disputes between users, provide support to users, to troubleshoot and help solve problems, and to enforce our
Terms of Service
.
Sensitive Data
We may collect sensitive data, such as information about your religious beliefs, racial or ethnic origin, physical and mental health details, or sexual orientation.
We collect and use such data when we have your express consent, for example when you complete a survey. With your permission, we may feature you or your profile in publicity and marketing campaigns. Providing your sensitive data for these purposes is entirely voluntary.
We may also collect and use such data to comply with government regulations and guidance.
If you put your own sensitive data on the Service (including where you self-declare certain types of sensitive data on the Service), you acknowledge you are deliberately making this data public at your own choice and that we may use such data for the purposes mentioned above. We may remove such data, or request that you remove such data, from our Service at any time.
2. Your Marketing Preferences
We may send you emails about products and services we think you will like, but you can always tell us if you don’t want to receive these anymore.
If you give us your permission, we will send you push notifications and share your email address with third parties you have told us you are happy to hear from about their products and services. When you give us your permission, you can always tell us later if you have changed your mind.
Email
: We may contact you by email about our products and services. If you don’t want us to contact you by email with marketing messages, you can unsubscribe from our marketing emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails we send to you.
Push notifications
: If you give us permission in your device settings to send push notifications, we will send you these notifications from our Service. You can change your push notification settings at any time in your device settings or via the Depop app.
Third parties
: If you have given us your permission, we may share your email address with certain third parties so they can send you email messages about their products and services. If you give us your permission but you later change your mind and you don’t want us to share your email address with third parties, you can tell us by contacting us via our Help Centre
here
.
3. Advertising on the Service and other websites
We may use your data to show you advertisements, both on the Service and on other websites, for products we think you will be interested in. This usually involves using Cookies, which are small files stored on your device when you visit a website, or similar technologies. You can find out more in our
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
.
We, and advertising partners we work with, may show you advertising on the Service or other websites by using your data to show you adverts for products we think you will like. These adverts may be on the Service, or on other websites or apps (where our partner has advertising space there).
This works by collecting data about how you use the Service and other web pages, as well as content and ads that you, or others using your device, interact with, visit or view. This information may also include location and the IP address of the device you are using to access the Service.
We may share this type of data with our advertising partners to help measure how successful our advertising has been.
We may share certain information with third party advertising platforms such as Facebook, TikTok, Snapchat and Google to enable us to better target our advertising on those third party platforms to users of our Service who are also users on those platforms, or to individuals on those platforms that may be similar to users of our Service.
In addition, we may also use information we collect via the Depop app to create “audience groups” for the purposes of our advertising on third party platforms. In those circumstances, we may share certain information with third party platform providers which allows us to better target our advertising to users on those third party platforms. Any third party platforms will also have their own privacy policies which you should read.
Cookies and similar technologies are usually used to provide this type of advertising. You can find out more about what Cookies we use and why, and how to manage your Cookies settings in our
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
.
4. What data can other users see through the Service?
When you use our Service, some of your data is public and can be seen by others. This includes your profile information, such as your username, profile picture, city and country location, who follows you and who you are following. Information about items you list to sell and any reviews you give are public, and some things you do on our Service such as buy or sell an item are also public. This information is public to allow buyers and sellers to use our Service, including to allow buyers and sellers to make informed decisions regarding purchases and sales. If you want us to, we will post on social networks you have linked to the Service about your use of the Service.
Our Service helps users interact with each other. To make this happen, some data generated through the Service is shared with other users of the Service.
User profile
: When you create an account, the Service creates a user profile for you. The data in your user profile is publicly available. This includes your username, city and country location, your followers and who you are following, and details about the items you are selling.
You can also choose to add information to your profile, such as a profile picture, profile description or bio, and website address. If you add these to your profile, they will also be publicly available.
In general, we don’t give user email addresses to other users. However, we may pass your email address (as well as other details) to a seller where you have purchased an item to the extent necessary to fulfil your order.
Item listings
: If you list an item for sale on the Service, any information you add to the listing will be publicly available. This includes item photographs, videos, price and description.
Any comments or links from other users on your item listing, and any replies, comments or images you post, will also be publicly available.
Other users can share a link to an item they have bought from you on the Service on other social networks that are linked to the Service.
Your activity on the Service
: By default, some of your activities on the Service are public. These are when you follow a user, when a user follows you, when you were last logged in (e.g "Active yesterday"), when you comment on or like an item, list an item for sale, when your item is sold, when you buy an item, when you review an item or when you receive a review. These activities are public to allow buyers and sellers to use our Service, including to allow them to make informed decisions regarding purchases and sales.
Social networks you link to the Service
: If you have chosen to, we will post updates about your use of the Service to social networks that you have linked to the Service.
5. Who do we share your data with?
We may need to share your data, for example with other companies that are in our group of companies, to third parties that provide us with services or for legal reasons.
We may share your data with:
Companies in our group
: This includes our subsidiaries (any company we own or control), or ultimate holding company (any company that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. Companies within our group will only use your data to provide you with the Service and for any other purpose we have described in this Privacy Policy.
Our service providers
: These are third parties that provide services to us. These third parties are only allowed to use your data in accordance with our instructions to them. We may need to share your data with service providers such as:
Shipping providers, if you have chosen to use their services for items you sell or purchase.
Payment providers, to process sales transactions.
Identification verification service providers, to verify your access to the Service and prevent fraudulent activity on your account.
Moderators who monitor our Service, to ensure our Terms of Service are not being breached and that no criminal activity is taking place using our Service.
Analytics providers, who help us better understand how our Service is used (see
How you connect to and use our Service
for more information).
Third party service providers that:
help us with improving the functionality of our Service (e.g. providers of image tagging services which facilitate your sharing of images via our Service);
help us moderate the Service and uphold our Terms of Service
enable us to offer marketing content to you.
In some cases, our service providers may collect data directly from you, for example if they are asked to conduct a survey for us. Where this happens, you will be notified of their involvement and any data you provide to them will be completely optional. The service provider’s use of your data is governed by its privacy policy.
Advertising partners:
We may share data about users of the Service with our advertising partners to help us better target our ads and understand the effectiveness of our ads, as described in Section 3 above. We obtain your consent before doing so where applicable laws require us to obtain your consent or rely on legitimate interest. You can contact data@depop.com to opt out of such sharing. We may ask you to provide some information to verify your identity before we stop sharing your data with our advertising partners.
Law enforcement, regulators and others for legal reasons
: If we are under a legal obligation, we may need to disclose your data to third parties such as law enforcement or regulators. We may also need to disclose your data to third parties to protect our (or others) rights, property or safety or to detect or investigate illegal activity and any breaches of agreements we have with you, including our
Terms of Service
.
Business reorganisation
: In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of Depop’s assets, we may need to share your data with the relevant third parties, which is in our legitimate interests in order to conduct our business and affect these transactions.
For more information on your marketing options see
Your Marketing Preferences
.
Information that cannot identify you
We don’t disclose data that could be used to identify you to anyone else, except as mentioned in this Privacy Policy.
We may provide third parties with aggregated statistical information and analytics information about users of our Service, but if we do we make sure no one can be identified from this information before we disclose it.
6. How long do we keep your data?
We will only keep your data for as long as we need it. If you have an account, this means we keep your data when your account is active. If your account is deactivated, we also keep your data for a reasonable period of time afterwards. We may also keep your data for legal or technical reasons.
We only keep your data for as long as we need it and for the purpose it was collected for. This includes when we need to keep your data to comply with any legal, compliance, accounting or reporting requirements, or for the purposes of fraud prevention.
When we decide how long we need to keep your data for, we take into account the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your data, the purposes we use your data for and whether we can achieve those purposes another way, and applicable legal requirements.
If you have an account with us, we will keep your data for as long as your account is active. If you deactivate your account, or we deactivate it because you have been inactive for a long time, your data will be kept for a period of time after your account has been deactivated.
After your account has been deactivated, we may also need to keep your data for legal or technical reasons (including back-up systems), for example to retain proof of transactions, so we can enforce our rights, and enable the other party to a transaction to access records of past purchases or sales. Following this period we will either delete the data or change it to a form that does not identify you, with or without notice to you.
If your account is deactivated, some of your data may persist and appear within the Service, for example where your data has been shared by other users of our Service. If your account has been banned, we will retain certain data about you to prevent you from opening a new account, in order to protect us, our users and the safety of our Service. For details of retention periods for other aspects of your data, please contact us at data@depop.com.
We may store information, which may include your data, locally on your device using Cookies and other methods. For more information on how long Cookies are stored, please see our
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
.
7. Is my data transferred to another country?
Your data may be transferred to a country outside of the country where you live. Not all countries have the same standards of data protection. However, where we do transfer your data to another country, we will only do this where we have appropriate measures in place to protect your data.
The data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the country where you live, including outside of the UK, European Economic Area (
EEA
) or Australia. This includes to companies within our group and to third party service providers and moderators. Your data may be processed by staff (who work for us or one of our suppliers) and other users of the Service that are outside of the UK, EEA or Australia. This may happen to fulfil a purchase, process payment details, provide support and verification services and enable us to run the Service.
Not all countries offer the same level of protection of data and may be less protective than the UK or EEA. However, we will only transfer your data to countries that are subject to an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission, or where the entity is bound by an appropriate data transfer agreement as deemed adequate by the European Commission, known as the Standard Contractual Clauses or SCC. You can request a copy of our SCC using the contact details in
Get in Touch
.
Where we use service providers in the US, we may transfer data to them if they have agreed to the Standard Contractual Clauses, which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the EEA (and the UK) and the US.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any relevant privacy laws.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted through our Service and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
8. Your Rights
You have certain rights relating to the data we hold about you. If you make a request we may not be required to comply with it, but if that happens we will explain why. If you want to exercise any of your rights you can contact us using the details set out in
Get in Touch
.  Please see the
United States Regional Privacy Policy
for information about privacy rights provided under certain US state laws.
Right of access
: You can ask to confirm the data we hold about you and to request a copy of that data.
Right to correct your data
: You can ask us to correct any data we hold about you if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure
: In certain circumstances you can ask us to erase your data. However, we may not always be required to comply with your request for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. We may need to keep some information about you (please see
How long do we keep your data?
for more details).
Right to object
: You can object to us processing your data where we are relying on a legitimate interest and you believe it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. We will consider your objection but we may not be required to comply with your request, for example if we can demonstrate that our legitimate grounds override your rights and freedoms.
You can also object to us processing your data for direct marketing purposes (see
Your Marketing Preferences
for more information about how to do this).
Right to restriction
: You can ask us to suspend the processing of your data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Where you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to request the transfer of your data:
You have the right to request a transfer of certain of your data to you or a third party of your choice, which we will provide in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Right to withdraw consent
: If we rely on your consent to process your data, you can withdraw your consent at any time. For example, by changing the privacy settings on your social networks regarding information we collect from those networks.
Automated individual decision making
: You may have the right not to be subject to a decision that is based solely on automated processing of your personal data, where this produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you. However, this does not apply if the decision is necessary for entering into or performing the contract with you, or where you have provided your explicit consent. Where you object to this type of decision making based on solely automated processing of personal data, you have the right to request human intervention, to express your point of view and contest the decision.
Right to opt-out of behavioural analytics
: We use technology (Depop’s internal algorithm) to carry out behavioural analytics to display relevant sellers and items to you or to display your items to the most relevant potential buyers. If you do not want us to use your data to do this, you must close your Depop account and cease using our Service. This is because it is essential to how Depop works to suggest the right items and sellers to you and to display your items to the right buyers which we can only do by learning about your tastes and preferences and the types of products you list.
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any questions about your rights, please contact us by using the details set out in
Get in Touch
. We may need to request specific information from you when you exercise your rights to confirm your identity and to speed up our response. We may not be able to fulfil your request if we are not able to identify you.
You can exercise these rights free of charge. However, in some circumstances we may be entitled to charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to comply with your request where we are permitted under law, for example if your request is unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
We try to respond to all valid requests within one month (once we have been able to verify your identity, if we need to). Sometimes it may take us longer than this if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. If this is the case, we will let you know if we need more time to respond.
Links to other websites
Our service may contain links to and from third party websites. These may include our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, retailers and affiliates. If you click on one of these links and visit these websites, these websites have their own privacy policies which you should read. We are not responsible for these third party’s websites or privacy policies.
Children
Our Service is only available to users aged 13 or over.
The Service is not aimed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect data from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you are not allowed to use our Service.
If you think a child under 13 has given us their data, please contact us using the details set out in
Get in Touch
so we can remove this data and terminate the relevant account.
You can find out more in our
Safety Centre
.
9. Additional information for US State Residents
In certain US states, including California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut, you may be entitled to additional rights or information. Please see our United States Regional Privacy Policy, where you can learn more about how we use your information and any additional privacy rights you may be entitled to.
10. Get in Touch
If you have any questions or want to make a request regarding your data, you can contact us at data@depop.com. In this section, you can also find contact details of our DPO and our EU Representative so you can get in touch if you need to.
If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy you can contact us at data@depop.com or by contacting us via our Help Centre
here
.
Data Protection Officer
In addition, if you have any questions, or if you would like to make a request to exercise one of your legal rights, you can contact our Data Protection Officer using the details below. A Data Protection Officer is someone responsible for overseeing how we comply with data protection laws and dealing with questions about this Privacy Policy or requests from you.
Name: Aphaia Ltd
Email address: dpo@depop.com
Postal address: Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR, United Kingdom
EU Representative
If you are in the EU, you can contact our EU representative for any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other requests, using the details below:
Name: Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
Email address: depopgdprrepresentative@mhc.ie
Postal address:
FAO: Depop Limited EU Representative
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
What if you have a complaint?
If you have a complaint about our use of your data, you have the right to complain to your local data protection authority. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
). You can see more details
here
. Details of how to do this are set out in the “for the public” section of the ICO’s website. In Australia, this is the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Contact details are set out
here
.
However, Depop welcomes the opportunity to resolve any complaint and we would suggest you first contact our Data Protection Officer prior to making a complaint to the ICO or your local data protection authority, so we can first try to resolve any complaints you have.
Changes to this Policy
We may update or make changes to our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of any such changes as described below.
How will we notify you?
If we need to tell you about something, which might be for a legal, marketing or other purposes related to our Service, we will contact you using the method we believe is best to get in touch with you.
We will usually do this by email, or placing a notice on the Service itself. The fact we may send you notices does not stop you from being able to tell us that you do not want to receive certain types of marketing messages as described in
Your Marketing Preferences
.
Prev
Terms of Service
Next
Appeals Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://depophelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/articles/17352110588177-United-States-Regional-Privacy-Policy-US-Notice:
Skip to main content
Depop help
Terms of Service
Policies
Buying
Getting Started
Depop Protection for Buyers
Saved Searches
How do I buy an item?
Why am I seeing ‘Boosted’ listings in my Search?
How do I buy safely on Depop?
My Purchases
What is Depop’s return policy?
I haven't received my item and I paid via Depop Payments (card payments)
I haven't received my item
I haven't received my item I purchased less than a week ago
My item is not as described
Can I update my address?
Resolution Centre as a Buyer
My purchase is not as described
How do I get a refund?
The seller I purchased from is no longer active
What happens after I make a purchase?
The item I purchased isn't showing in my purchased items
I haven't received part of my bundle
Payments FAQs
Marketplace fee for buyers
Will I have to pay for tax or customs on my order?
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - UK
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - US
Do I need to use PayPal?
How will I know if I've paid by Depop Payments?
PayPal Authentication when checking out
Customs and Import Fees
Selling
Listing Guide
Repop
Web Bulk Listing tool
A guide to the pre-listing pricing inspiration tool
Simple tips for taking great photos of your listings
How to find items to list
Getting your description right
"Style Attributes"
Frequently Asked Questions: Depop Search
Promote like a pro
Listing on Depop
How to take great photos and videos
Selling Guide
Accelerated Program
What are Boosted Listings and how can I manage them?
What is Boost Shop?
How do I manage my Boosted Listings?
Suggested Sellers
How do I sell safely on Depop?
How much does Boosted Listings cost?
Boosted Listings Policy
First-time seller
A new home for selling on Depop
Depop Seller Guide
How do I change the currency of my items?
Why is my item inactive?
My Sales
Depop Protection for sellers
Resolution Centre as a Seller
Where are my sold items?
UK sellers: How do I get paid?
US sellers: How do I get paid
AU sellers: How do I get paid?
Shop Stats
I haven't received my payment
Seller fees and charges
My buyer hasn't received their item
The buyer said the item is 'not as described'
How do I get a Depop fee refund?
How do I refund a buyer?
How do I delete or leave feedback?
How to use your sales download
Depop Payments
Depop Payments
What is the Resolution Centre?
Why haven’t I received my payout?
AU sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Learn more about how payouts works
US sellers: When will my Payout be deposited in my bank account?
AU sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
UK sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
Payout on Delivery in the UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - US
How do I change my bank details?
Learn more about signing up as a charity or business
Depop Protection for Sellers
Depop Payments - Direct Debit Policy
Adjustments
Why do I need a direct debit for Depop Payments? (UK Only)
PayPal Payments
Paypal Seller Dispute Fee
I don't recognise a fee or charge
Why did Depop take money from my PayPal account?
What is an eCheque?
Payments - PayPal
Tax Help
Canada CRA reporting - What do I need to know
Do I have to pay tax on my Depop income?
Customs fees and tax collection as a seller
UK HMRC Reporting - What do I need to know?
DAC7: What do I need to know?
Receiving your 1099-K from Stripe: FAQs
US State Sales Tax on Depop Orders - FAQ
My Account
Account Set Up
Why does Depop need my date of birth?
Depop to join the Etsy family - FAQ
What is two-factor authentication (2FA) and how does it work on Depop
What is Depop?
Do I need to provide my email or phone number to sell an item?
How old do I have to be to use Depop?
How do I sign up to Depop?
Phone verification
What does the blue tick mean?
Managing My Account
Feedback on Depop
How do I reset my password
How do I change my username?
I can't contact a user
Why has my item been removed?
How do I block another user?
How do I edit my account details?
How to share a shop or listing with others
How can I delete my Depop account?
How can I connect my social accounts?
Account Access Issues
How do I log into Depop
I'm locked out of my account
I forgot my password
Why has my account been suspended?
I received an email about a recent sign-in to Depop
Shipping
Shipping Guide - US
German Packaging Law (VerpackG) Obligations for Sellers
EcoEnclose + Depop packaging FAQ
Shipping Guide - UK
Shipping Guide - AU
Shipping Guide - Worldwide
USPS Shipping Policy - US
UK Shipping Policy
Bundles - Shipping US
Bundles - Shipping UK
Sustainable packaging tips
Payments
Using Klarna on Depop in the United Kingdom
Using Klarna on Depop in the United States
Do I need to make a PayPal account to buy items?
Learn more about how to set up Depop Payments
Learn more about Depop Balance, top-up card and adjustments
Learn more about how to stay protected as a seller
Learn more about returns and refunds
Tools and Features
Introducing the Debot - the Depop Virtual Assistant!
Outfits Feed Policy
Send Offer: How it works
Vacation Mode: How it Works
How Depop ranks search results and recommends listings
Make Offer: How it Works
Depop Collections
Bundles on Depop
How do I get featured on the Explore page?
How do discounts work?
Technical Issues
Technical Issues
Latest App Versions
New Depop Virtual Assistant
Reporting a bug: How it works & what to expect
I can't list an item
I can't buy an item
Depop app requirements - lowest operating system
Unable to log in or sign up to Depop with Facebook
Shipping label (US Specific)
My Depop app isn't working
I can't connect my PayPal
Safety
Content Policies
Content Moderation at Depop
Abuse, Bullying and Harassment Policy
Dropshipping Policy
Electronics Policy
Face Mask Policy
Graphic and Violent Imagery Policy
Hate Speech and Discrimination Policy
Nudity Policy
Restricted and Hazardous Content Policy
What are 'stock images'?
Sexually Inappropriate Content & Behaviour Policy
Seller Misrepresentation Policy
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) in France
Resources
Community Guidelines
Tips for parents and guardians
Tips for young people
Wellbeing Resource Hub
Transacting Safely
How to buy and sell safely on Depop
How can I swap or trade safely?
What does Depop class as 'significantly not as described'?
How to report a listing
How to report or block a user
Meet in person
Account Security
Keeping your account safe - Your Depop Security Checklist
Managing two-factor authentication (2FA)
Two-factor authentication (2FA) | FAQs
Password security
I've received a suspicious message from another user, or a suspicious email claiming to be Depop
Partnerships
Our Partnerships
How does Depop support charities that want to set up a Depop shop?
Terms of Service
Policies
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
What is GDPR?
EU Digital Services Act
Job Candidate Privacy Notice
European Union Regulation addressing the dissemination of terrorist content online
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Datenschutzrichtlinie (Privacy Policy)
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Politique de confidentialité (Privacy Policy)
Social and environmental expectations for sellers using third parties to manufacture items
European Union Platform-to-Business Regulation on Depop
DMCA Notice Requirements
Terms of Service (archive)
Toggle navigation
This is our US Notice, which applies if you live in California,
Colorado, Virginia, Utah or Connecticut
. If you live in California,
Colorado, Virginia, Utah or Connecticut
, please read it to find out more about your privacy rights and what we do with your data. Let us know if you need help in understanding what it means for you.
This US Notice supplements our Privacy Policy (together, the
Depop Privacy Policies
).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your data (referred to in this US Notice as your
personal information
) and, depending on where you reside, how to exercise your rights under state privacy laws in the US.
This US Notice applies to the residents of California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah and Connecticut and provides additional information in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended), the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act which we refer to as
State Privacy Laws
.
Please note that not all users will be able to exercise all of the rights listed below. For example, if you are not a resident in
California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah or Connecticut
, you may not be able to exercise these rights.
We may not be able to process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient details of your request or allow us to confirm who you are.
In some cases, we may provide a different privacy policy to certain categories of residents of these states, such as job applicants, in which case that privacy policy will apply instead of this US Notice.
Your privacy rights
. The State Privacy Laws may provide residents with some or all of the rights listed below. However,
these rights are not absolute and may be subject to certain exceptions. This means if you make a request, the law may not require us to comply with it, but if that happens we will explain why we may decline your request in certain cases if that is permitted by law.
Right to Know
. You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information:
The categories of personal information that we have collected;
the categories of sources from which we collected personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing and/or selling personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information;
the categories of personal information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose;
and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose. While we do not sell your personal information for monetary compensation, some states consider sharing of personal information for targeted advertising a “sale” or “share” under the State Privacy Laws.
Access
. You can request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you.
Correction
. You can ask us to correct any inaccurate personal information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the personal information that we have collected about you.
Opt-out Rights.
Opt-out of certain processing for targeted advertising purposes
. You can opt out of certain processing of personal information for targeted or interest-based advertising purposes, including sharing personal information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising.
Opt-out of other sales of personal data.
You have the right to opt-out of the Sale of your personal information. “Sale” has a broad meaning under California, Virginia and Connecticut Privacy Laws to include the transfer of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Certain states offer the right to opt-out of automated processing or profiling of personal data used to make decisions with a legal or similarly-significant effect on you (such as employment or credit decisions). If we use automated processing or profiling to prevent, detect, protect against or respond to fraudulent or illegal activity, we are not required to offer the right to opt-out. We otherwise do not engage in profiling or automated decision making as defined under the State Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any questions about your rights, please contact us at data@depop.com or by contacting us via our Help Centre
here
.
Exercising your right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information or processing of your Personal Information for targeted advertising.
While we do not sell personal information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. The State Privacy Laws may classify our use of some of these services as “selling” or “sharing” your personal information with advertising partners that provide the services.  You can opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information for interest-based ads, and related tracking, by switching off “Personalised advertising” in your account privacy settings.
Do Not Track Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. There is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. We do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Verification; Authorized agents.
We may need to verify your identity in order to process your right to know, access, appeal, correction, or deletion requests. We may need to confirm your residency, and in our discretion, we may deny your request if we are unable to verify your identity or residency. As a part of this process, identification may be required. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide the end user’s valid government-issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government-issued identification, and we may verify the authenticity of the request directly with you.
Appeals; Non-Discrimination; and Accessibility
. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact us at
data@depop.com
.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights, including denying you goods or services, providing you with a different level or quality of services, or charging you different prices or rates for services.
If you need further assistance, or if you have a disability and would like to access this policy in an alternative format, please contact us  at
data@depop.com
via our Help Centre
here
.
California Consumer Privacy Notice
This is our California Notice. Please read it if you live in California to find out more about  what we do with your data. Let us know if you need help in understanding what it means for you.
This California Consumer Privacy Notice (
California Notice
) supplements Depop’s US Notice and applies to personal information Depop collects online about California consumers. This California Notice uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the
CCPA
).
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect information about you when you use Depop, which includes identifiers, other records, demographic information, commercial information, internet or other network activity, sensory information, geolocation data and inferences. We have included more information on each of these types of data that we collect below.
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers:
information that identifies you. This includes your legal name, email address, unique personal identifiers (such as a device identifier and/or IP address), account name (e.g. shop name), government-issued ID numbers (e.g. drivers license) which we may use to verify your identity when we onboard you as a seller; and/or tax identification number when setting up your account to sell on Depop;
Other Records:
such as phone number, billing address, or credit or debit card information, and any other personal information covered by Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80(e) (which may overlap with other categories listed here);
Demographic Information:
such as your age or gender, or, where you have provided such information to Depop voluntarily, demographic information about your race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or gender identity, provided in connection with market research or marketing campaigns we conduct. This category includes information that may qualify as protected classifications under other California or federal laws.
Commercial Information
: including purchases, products sold, and/or your interaction with the Services.
Internet or Other Network Activity
: information including your interactions with our Services and what led you to our Services (including web/mobile traffic related information);
device type and/or identifier, operating system and version, browser type and settings and cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID).
Sensory Information:
data categorized as visual data, such as pictures or videos posted on our App and Site.
Geolocation Data:
your general location provided through location-enabled services such as WiFi and GPS or precise location information, with your consent, when enabled through our App or from your mobile device settings.
Inferences
: inferences based on personal information about you, including your interests, preferences, and favorites; inferred information about your demographic category used to create marketing segments or profiles.
The Sources and Purposes for Our Collection
We collect data from you directly, from your device and from third parties such as advertising networks or service providers.
We collect the categories of personal information described in this California Notice from the sources described in
Section 1 of this Privacy Policy (What data do we collect and how do we use it?).
which includes collecting information directly from you, your devices, and our partners. The sources of this data include you, other Depop users, advertising networks, service providers (including internet service providers), social networks, government entities or other public sources, marketing and business partners, and our vendors and suppliers.
We use (
and may have used during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice)
these categories of personal information for our business and commercial purposes as described throughout the Depop Privacy Policy, including for the following purposes: providing the Service, processing orders and transactions, internal business analytics, tailoring and personalising the Service to you, advertising and marketing purposes;
undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality, integrity, and safety of our Service and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them;
maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information, processing payments, and providing analytics services. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about consumers.
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell your data for money. We do share your data with certain third parties such as online advertising services, which you have the right to opt out of.
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may share your personal information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services) to collect personal information via automated technologies on our Sites and Apps for targeted (cross-context behavioural) advertising purposes. This kind of sharing may be considered a “sale” under California law when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your information.
We may sell or share for cross-context behavioural advertising purposes (and may have sold or shared during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice)
the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services or networks:
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet or Network Activity
Inferences
You can opt out of allowing us to share your data for purposes of cross-context behavioural advertising
by sw
itching off “Personalised advertising” in your account privacy settings or by contacting
data@depop.com
. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
We may need to disclose your data, such as to other companies that are in our group of companies, to third parties that provide us with services, or for legal reasons.
We disclose personal information to service providers, contractors, and other third parties as described in more detail in Section 5 (Who do we share your data with?) of the Depop Privacy Policy. The following table lists the categories of personal information that have been disclosed (and may have been disclosed during the
12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice
) for a business purpose and the categories of recipients who have received this personal information. Please note that not every one of the following categories may apply to your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Information
●  Identifiers
●  Other Records
●  Commercial information
●  Internet or other electronic network activity information
●  Geolocation information
●  Sensory information
●  Inferences derived from personal information
●
Our affiliates
●
Depop buyers and sellers
●
Our vendors or other service providers
●
Professional services firms, like our auditors or law firms
●
Our marketing and business partners
●
Online advertising services
●
Analytics providers
●
Social networks
●
Internet Service Providers
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government entities for the purposes listed in our Privacy Policy, or to third parties in connection with corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section of our US Notice and Section 8 (Your Rights) of the Depop Privacy Policy for information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them.
Shine the Light
California residents are entitled to ask for a notice describing what categories of personal information we disclose to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. Depop does not disclose any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you otherwise consent to it.
If you have questions about these practices, or would like to make a request, you can contact us
at
data@depop.com
via our Help Centre
here
. In your request, please include the statement “Shine the Light Request," and provide your first and last name and mailing address and certify that you are a California resident. We may need additional information to confirm your identity and that you are resident in California. Please note that we will not accept requests via telephone, mail, or fax, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labelled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Colorado Privacy Notice
This is our Colorado Notice. Please read it if you live in Colorado to find out more about  what we do with your data. Let us know if you need help in understanding what it means for you.
This Colorado Privacy Notice (
Colorado Notice
) supplements Depop’s US Notice and applies to personal information Depop collects online about Colorado consumers. We adopt this Colorado Notice to comply with the Colorado Privacy Act (the
CPA
). This Colorado Notice uses certain terms that have the meanings given to them in the CPA.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect information about you when you use Depop, We have included more information about the data we collect below.
Please see Sections 1 (What data do we collect and how do we use it?) of the Depop Privacy Policy for information about the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which we use the information.
We use personal information for our business and commercial purposes, as described throughout the Depop Privacy Policy for the following purposes: providing the Service; processing orders and transactions; internal business analytics; tailoring and personalizing the Service to you; for advertising and marketing purposes; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality, integrity, and safety of our Service (and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them); maintaining or servicing accounts; providing customer service; verifying customer information; processing payments; and providing analytics services.
We do not knowingly process personal information from children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly process “sensitive data” as that term is defined under the CPA.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may need to share your data, for example with other companies that are in our group of companies, or to third parties that provide us with services or for legal reasons.
We share your information with our service providers or other third parties where necessary to perform the Services, comply with our legal obligations, or for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Your personal information will be shared with our service providers or other third parties
as described in more detail in Section 5 (Who do we share your data with?) of the Depop Privacy Policy
. The following table lists the categories of personal information and categories of service providers and third parties with whom we may share your information.
Please note that not every one of the following categories may apply to your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Information
●  Buyer Account Information
●  Seller Account Information
●  Payments Information
●  Transaction Information
●  Customer Support Information
●  Survey Responses
●  Browser/Device Information
●  Service Usage Information
●  Location Information
●  Depop buyers and sellers
●  Professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms
●  Our marketing and business partners
●  Online advertising services
●  Data analytics providers
●  Social networks
●  ISPs and operating systems and platforms
●  Government entities
Sales and Targeted Advertising
We do not sell your data for money. We do share your data with certain third parties such as online advertising services, which you have the right to opt out of.
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may share your personal information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services) to collect personal information via automated technologies on our website and app for targeted advertising purposes. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your information. We may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services or networks:
Identifiers
:
information that identifies you, such as your email address or unique personal identifiers (such as a device identifier and/or IP address).
Commercial Information:
information such as
purchases or products sold.
Online and Network Activity:
information such as interactions with our Service (including what led you to our Services such as traffic related information);
device type, operating system and version, browser type and settings, and cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID).
Inferences:
inferences based on personal information about you, including your interests, preferences, and favourites; inferred information about your demographic category used to create marketing segments or profiles.
Profiling
To the extent we engage in automated processing or profiling to prevent, detect, protect against or respond to fraudulent or unlawful activity, we are not required to offer the right to opt-out. We otherwise do not engage in profiling that requires an opt-out as defined under the CPA.
Colorado Consumer Privacy Rights
Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section of our US Notice and Section 8 (Your Rights) of the Depop Privacy Policy for information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them.
Last Updated: 3 September 2023
Prev
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
Next
Requests for Information Policy
Table of contents
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
California Consumer Privacy Notice
Colorado Privacy Notice
Articles in this section
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
See more
Return to top
Depop Protection, Shipping, Tracking
Sub-policy 1
https://depophelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/articles/360030375634-Job-Candidate-Privacy-Notice:
Skip to main content
Depop help
Terms of Service
Policies
Depop Limited
is a company established in England (company number 08316342) with its registered offices at 1 Bartholomew Lane, London, United Kingdom, EC2N 2AX (“
Depop
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Notice (together with any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which the personal data collected from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us in connection with our recruitment and hiring processes. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.  You may also wish to read our full Privacy Policy on our website.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to data privacy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights please contact our Data Protection Officer using the details set out below:
Title
: Aphaia Ltd
Email address
:
dpo@aphaia.co.uk
Postal address
: Eagle House163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR.
Type of personal data we may hold and process
The sort of information we will collect at different points of the recruitment process may include your name, private and professional addresses, date and place of birth, gender, marital status and dependents, nationalities, passport, national insurance number, identification number, photographs, telephone numbers, email addresses, bank account details, academic and professional qualifications, professional admissions, references, type and duration of residence and work permits and emergency contact details.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We will keep a record of your progress through any hiring process that we may conduct.
If you are hired, we will process personal data about you in accordance with our internal Privacy Standard (a copy of which will be provided to you) for payroll, benefits and expenses purposes and to keep track of your holiday, sickness and other absence using third party software services developed for the purpose.
Most of the information we hold about you will have been provided by you, (this includes information provided through an online job site, via email, in person at interviews and/or by any other method) but some may come from other external sources, such as tax authorities, recruitment agencies with whom we work and your referees.
We may use third party software and online recruitment applications to assist with the recruitment process. Such software service providers will process personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
If you fail to provide certain information when requested, we may not be able to perform or enter into a contract with you (such as paying you or providing a benefit), or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations (e.g. to ensure you have the right to work and with respect to the health and safety of our workers).
In addition, as part of our commitment to equality of opportunity and to monitor compliance with our equal opportunity policy, we may ask you to complete an equality monitoring form. Where you are asked to complete an equality monitoring form, information is provided voluntarily and on an anonymous basis for statistical analysis. It is not stored with your other personal
Information collected from other sources
We may collect information about you through publicly available sources such as LinkedIn and other social media profiles.
Third party recruitment software may also provide us with the facility to link the data you provide to us, with other publicly available information about you that you have published on the Internet.
Where this technology allows us to search various databases – some publicly available and others not -such programmes are given parameters on the requirements of a role and search through publicly available sources, where there is a reasonable expectation that such information may be collected and processed by potential employers, to find candidates in appropriate industries for a particular job role.
We may receive your personal data from a third party who recommends you as a candidate for a specific job opening or for our business more generally.
Lawful basis for processing
We rely on legitimate interest as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal data. Our legitimate interests are the recruitment of staff for our business.
Where you apply for a job opening through a job portal (such as Indeed) we rely on your consent, which is freely given by you during the application process, to disclose your personal data on the basis described in their privacy notice.
Purposes of processing
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To consider your application in respect of a role for which you have applied.
To consider your application in respect of other roles.
To communicate with you in respect of the recruitment process.
To enter into a contract of employment or engagement with you.
To enhance any information that we receive from you with information obtained from third party data providers.
To find appropriate candidates to fill our job openings.
To verify information provided or to prevent fraud.
To help our third party service providers (such as third party recruitment software providers and their processors and data providers) and partners (such as the job sites through which you may have applied) improve their services.
Automated decision making/profiling
We may use third party application technology to select appropriate candidates for us to consider based on criteria expressly identified by us, or typical in relation to the role for which you have applied. The process of finding suitable candidates is automatic, however, any decision as to who we will engage to fill the job opening will be made by Depop staff.
Disclosure of your information
As set out above, we may pass your information to our third party service providers, who use it only in accordance with our instructions and as otherwise required by law.
How we store your personal data
We take appropriate measures to ensure that all personal data is kept secure including security measures to prevent personal data from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal data to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted through any online means, therefore any transmission remains at your own risk.
Where we store your personal data
Where we store your personal data in our own systems, it is stored on our secure servers within the EEA. It may be transferred outside the EEA (for example to our affiliate in the US for internal administrative purposes) and to third party service providers outside the EEA to perform our contract with you and comply with our legal or contractual requirements.
To ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection we put in place measures to ensure that your personal information is treated by third parties outside the EEA in a way that is consistent with and which respects the EU laws on data protection: e.g. such parties must be US Privacy Shield certified or enter into appropriate data processing agreements containing the model contract clauses (where necessary). If you require further information about these protective measures, you can request them from the Data Protection Officer.
How long we keep your personal data
We will keep the personal data we hold about you accurate and up to date and for no longer than is necessary for the purpose. This means that data will be destroyed or erased from our systems when it is no longer required. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your assistance with keeping data we hold about you up to date is critical and you must immediately notify us if your personal details change or if you become aware of any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold about you.
We will normally retain employment application data for 24 months following conclusion of the recruitment process. If you are successful in your application for employment, information provided during the recruitment process will be retained to perform the contract with you.
Your rights
Under the data protection legislation you have a number of important rights to:
Right to access your information:
You are entitled to see the information held about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. We will comply with our obligations under applicable data protection legislation in relation to any request by you. We may charge you a reasonable fee or refuse to comply with your request if it is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.  We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month (once we have been able to verify your identity).  Occasionally it may take us longer than this if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.
Request correction
of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing
of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing
of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer
of your personal information to another party in certain formats, if practicable.
Withdraw consent to processing at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Make a complaint
to a supervisory body which in the United Kingdom is the Information Commissioner’s Office. The ICO can be contacted through this link:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact the Data Protection Officer:
dpo@aphaia.co.uk
.
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and any modifications will be posted in the job section of our website.
Articles in this section
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
See more
Return to top
Depop Protection, Shipping, Tracking
Sub-policy 2
https://depophelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/articles/4417872813073-Datenschutzrichtlinie-Privacy-Policy:
Skip to main content
Depop help
Terms of Service
Policies
Buying
Getting Started
Depop Protection for Buyers
Saved Searches
How do I buy an item?
Why am I seeing ‘Boosted’ listings in my Search?
How do I buy safely on Depop?
My Purchases
What is Depop’s return policy?
I haven't received my item and I paid via Depop Payments (card payments)
I haven't received my item
I haven't received my item I purchased less than a week ago
My item is not as described
Can I update my address?
Resolution Centre as a Buyer
My purchase is not as described
How do I get a refund?
The seller I purchased from is no longer active
What happens after I make a purchase?
The item I purchased isn't showing in my purchased items
I haven't received part of my bundle
Payments FAQs
Marketplace fee for buyers
Will I have to pay for tax or customs on my order?
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - UK
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - US
Do I need to use PayPal?
How will I know if I've paid by Depop Payments?
PayPal Authentication when checking out
Customs and Import Fees
Selling
Listing Guide
Repop
Web Bulk Listing tool
A guide to the pre-listing pricing inspiration tool
Simple tips for taking great photos of your listings
How to find items to list
Getting your description right
"Style Attributes"
Frequently Asked Questions: Depop Search
Promote like a pro
Listing on Depop
How to take great photos and videos
Selling Guide
Accelerated Program
What are Boosted Listings and how can I manage them?
What is Boost Shop?
How do I manage my Boosted Listings?
Suggested Sellers
How do I sell safely on Depop?
How much does Boosted Listings cost?
Boosted Listings Policy
First-time seller
A new home for selling on Depop
Depop Seller Guide
How do I change the currency of my items?
Why is my item inactive?
My Sales
Depop Protection for sellers
Resolution Centre as a Seller
Where are my sold items?
UK sellers: How do I get paid?
US sellers: How do I get paid
AU sellers: How do I get paid?
Shop Stats
I haven't received my payment
Seller fees and charges
My buyer hasn't received their item
The buyer said the item is 'not as described'
How do I get a Depop fee refund?
How do I refund a buyer?
How do I delete or leave feedback?
How to use your sales download
Depop Payments
Depop Payments
What is the Resolution Centre?
Why haven’t I received my payout?
AU sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Learn more about how payouts works
US sellers: When will my Payout be deposited in my bank account?
AU sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
UK sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
Payout on Delivery in the UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - US
How do I change my bank details?
Learn more about signing up as a charity or business
Depop Protection for Sellers
Depop Payments - Direct Debit Policy
Adjustments
Why do I need a direct debit for Depop Payments? (UK Only)
PayPal Payments
Paypal Seller Dispute Fee
I don't recognise a fee or charge
Why did Depop take money from my PayPal account?
What is an eCheque?
Payments - PayPal
Tax Help
Canada CRA reporting - What do I need to know
Do I have to pay tax on my Depop income?
Customs fees and tax collection as a seller
UK HMRC Reporting - What do I need to know?
DAC7: What do I need to know?
Receiving your 1099-K from Stripe: FAQs
US State Sales Tax on Depop Orders - FAQ
My Account
Account Set Up
Why does Depop need my date of birth?
Depop to join the Etsy family - FAQ
What is two-factor authentication (2FA) and how does it work on Depop
What is Depop?
Do I need to provide my email or phone number to sell an item?
How old do I have to be to use Depop?
How do I sign up to Depop?
Phone verification
What does the blue tick mean?
Managing My Account
Feedback on Depop
How do I reset my password
How do I change my username?
I can't contact a user
Why has my item been removed?
How do I block another user?
How do I edit my account details?
How to share a shop or listing with others
How can I delete my Depop account?
How can I connect my social accounts?
Account Access Issues
How do I log into Depop
I'm locked out of my account
I forgot my password
Why has my account been suspended?
I received an email about a recent sign-in to Depop
Shipping
Shipping Guide - US
German Packaging Law (VerpackG) Obligations for Sellers
EcoEnclose + Depop packaging FAQ
Shipping Guide - UK
Shipping Guide - AU
Shipping Guide - Worldwide
USPS Shipping Policy - US
UK Shipping Policy
Bundles - Shipping US
Bundles - Shipping UK
Sustainable packaging tips
Payments
Using Klarna on Depop in the United Kingdom
Using Klarna on Depop in the United States
Do I need to make a PayPal account to buy items?
Learn more about how to set up Depop Payments
Learn more about Depop Balance, top-up card and adjustments
Learn more about how to stay protected as a seller
Learn more about returns and refunds
Tools and Features
Introducing the Debot - the Depop Virtual Assistant!
Outfits Feed Policy
Send Offer: How it works
Vacation Mode: How it Works
How Depop ranks search results and recommends listings
Make Offer: How it Works
Depop Collections
Bundles on Depop
How do I get featured on the Explore page?
How do discounts work?
Technical Issues
Technical Issues
Latest App Versions
New Depop Virtual Assistant
Reporting a bug: How it works & what to expect
I can't list an item
I can't buy an item
Depop app requirements - lowest operating system
Unable to log in or sign up to Depop with Facebook
Shipping label (US Specific)
My Depop app isn't working
I can't connect my PayPal
Safety
Content Policies
Content Moderation at Depop
Abuse, Bullying and Harassment Policy
Dropshipping Policy
Electronics Policy
Face Mask Policy
Graphic and Violent Imagery Policy
Hate Speech and Discrimination Policy
Nudity Policy
Restricted and Hazardous Content Policy
What are 'stock images'?
Sexually Inappropriate Content & Behaviour Policy
Seller Misrepresentation Policy
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) in France
Resources
Community Guidelines
Tips for parents and guardians
Tips for young people
Wellbeing Resource Hub
Transacting Safely
How to buy and sell safely on Depop
How can I swap or trade safely?
What does Depop class as 'significantly not as described'?
How to report a listing
How to report or block a user
Meet in person
Account Security
Keeping your account safe - Your Depop Security Checklist
Managing two-factor authentication (2FA)
Two-factor authentication (2FA) | FAQs
Password security
I've received a suspicious message from another user, or a suspicious email claiming to be Depop
Partnerships
Our Partnerships
How does Depop support charities that want to set up a Depop shop?
Terms of Service
Policies
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
What is GDPR?
EU Digital Services Act
Job Candidate Privacy Notice
European Union Regulation addressing the dissemination of terrorist content online
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Datenschutzrichtlinie (Privacy Policy)
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Politique de confidentialité (Privacy Policy)
Social and environmental expectations for sellers using third parties to manufacture items
European Union Platform-to-Business Regulation on Depop
DMCA Notice Requirements
Terms of Service (archive)
Toggle navigation
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Aktualisiert: 15. Oktober 2021
Wir sind Depop.
Dies ist unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie. Bitte lesen Sie sie, um mehr darüber zu erfahren, wer wir sind und was wir mit Ihren Daten tun. Wenden Sie sich an uns, falls Sie Hilfe benötigen, um zu verstehen, was das für Sie bedeutet.
Wir sind Depop Limited (
Depop
,
wir
,
unser
oder
uns
), und wir betreiben die Depop-App und die Depop-Website. Unsere Anschrift lautet The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol, England, BS13 8FD.
Wir möchten hier erläutern, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden (Ihre
Daten
).
Der Zugriff auf Depop ist über unsere App oder unsere Website möglich (der
Service
). Wenn Sie unseren Service nutzen, erfassen und verwenden wir Daten von Ihnen. Wir haben diese Datenschutzrichtlinie verfasst, um zu erläutern, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie wir sie verwenden und welche Auswahlmöglichkeiten Ihnen hinsichtlich Ihrer Daten zur Verfügung stehen.
Zudem verwenden wir Cookies, also Dateien, die auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert werden und auf Informationen zugreifen. Mehr darüber, wie und aus welchen Gründen wir Cookies verwenden, erfahren Sie in unserer
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
.
Falls Sie in Kalifornien wohnhaft sind, beachten Sie bitte auch unsere Datenschutzbestimmungen für Kalifornien
hier
.
Welche Daten erfassen wir, und wie verwenden wir sie?
Wir erfassen Ihre Daten, wenn Sie sich bei Depop registrieren und während Sie unseren Service nutzen. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, damit Sie den Service nutzen können, und gelegentlich können wir Ihre Daten zur Erfüllung unserer rechtlichen Verpflichtungen und aus anderen legitimen Gründen verwenden. Es ist auch möglich, dass wir um Ihre Zustimmung zur Verwendung Ihrer Daten bitten.
Wir erfassen Daten von Ihnen, wenn Sie unseren Service nutzen oder wenn Sie sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, z. B. in den folgenden Fällen:
wenn Sie sich für die Nutzung des Service registrieren
wenn Sie einen Artikel zum Verkauf einstellen oder einen Artikel verkaufen oder kaufen
wenn Sie sich einen Artikel ansehen, angeben, dass Ihnen ein Artikel gefällt, einen Artikel speichern, suchen oder kommentieren oder mit anderen Benutzern kommunizieren
wenn Sie sich für unsere Marketing-E-Mails und Push-Benachrichtigungen anmelden
wenn Sie ein Formular ausfüllen oder an einer Umfrage teilnehmen
wenn Sie an Wettbewerben oder Verkaufsaktionen teilnehmen
Wir benötigen eine rechtliche Grundlage für das Erfassen und Verwenden Ihrer Daten. Der Hauptgrund, aus dem wir Ihre Daten verwenden, ist die Erfüllung des mit Ihnen geschlossenen Vertrags (die
Nutzungsbedingungen
), der Ihnen die Nutzung unseres Service ermöglicht.
Des Weiteren können wir Ihre Daten in den folgenden Fällen erfassen und verwenden:
wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind
wenn Sie eingewilligt haben
wenn wir auf eine Art, die vernünftigerweise als Teil unseres Geschäfts angesehen werden kann, über einen legitimen Grund dafür verfügen (als legitimes Interesse bezeichnet), sofern Ihre Interessen und grundlegenden Rechte keine Priorität gegenüber unseren legitimen Gründen genießen
Unten haben wir weitere Informationen zu den Arten von Daten, die wir erfassen, und zu den Gründen, aus denen wir sie verwenden, aufgeführt.
Kontaktdaten und Identitätsnachweis
Wenn Sie Ihr Konto eröffnen, stellen Sie uns Kontaktdaten wie Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Telefonnummer und Anschrift zur Verfügung.
Wie verwenden diese Kontaktdaten, um zu den folgenden Zwecken mit Ihnen in Kontakt zu treten:
hinsichtlich der Produkte, die Sie über den Service kaufen und verkaufen
hinsichtlich Fragen, Problemen oder Anliegen, die Sie oder andere Nutzer haben
hinsichtlich Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben oder Verkaufsaktionen
um Sie zu bitten, ein Formular auszufüllen oder an einer Umfrage teilzunehmen
um Ihnen Marketingmitteilungen zu senden
Wenn Sie mit einem Depop-Käufer oder -Verkäufer kommunizieren, teilen wir diesem Ihre Kontaktdaten mit. Dies ist ein notwendiger Bestandteil des Kauf- und Verkaufsprozesses und der Verwendung unseres Service.
Zudem erfassen wir bei der Erstellung Ihres Kontos Ihr Geburtsdatum und verwenden es, wenn legitimes Interesse besteht, zur Prüfung Ihrer Angaben, um die Altersstruktur unserer Nutzer zu ermitteln und um unseren Nutzern altersgerechten Service und Support bieten zu können.
Wenn es uns nicht möglich ist, Ihre Identität mit anderen Informationen zu Ihnen zu bestätigen, die uns vorliegen oder die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, müssen Sie uns evtl. Kopien von Ausweisdokumenten schicken, die wir dann gemeinsam mit Ihren Kontaktdaten verwenden. Wir verwenden diese Daten zu Zwecken, in denen legitimes Interesse besteht, in Verbindung mit der Prüfung Ihrer Angaben und zur Vermeidung von Zugriffen auf den Service und der Verwendung Ihres Kontos in betrügerischer Absicht.
Kommentare und Meinungen
Wenn Sie uns, z. B. per E-Mail, telefonisch oder per Post, kontaktieren oder online ein Formular ausfüllen, erfassen wir die Kommentare und Meinungen, die Sie uns mitteilen.
Des Weiteren erfassen wir Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und die auch Kommentare und Meinungen umfassen, in den folgenden Fällen:
wenn Sie ein Formular ausfüllen oder an einer Umfrage teilnehmen
wenn Sie an Wettbewerben oder Verkaufsaktionen teilnehmen
wenn Sie etwas an Community-Boards oder in anderen Nachrichtenbereichen posten
Wir verwenden Kommentare und Meinungen, wenn wir ein legitimes Interesse daran haben, auf Probleme, Anliegen oder Fragen zu reagieren oder unseren Service für Sie und andere Nutzer zu verbessern.
Wenn Sie Formulare oder Umfragen ausfüllen, an Wettbewerben oder Verkaufsaktionen teilnehmen, etwas an Community-Boards oder in anderen Nachrichtenbereichen posten, verwenden wir Ihre Daten, einschließlich aller Kommentare und Meinungen, um festzustellen, an welchen Produkten oder Services Sie Interesse haben könnten, und um das Senden von Marketingnachrichten zu diesen Produkten oder Services zu unterstützen.
Hier
erfahren Sie mehr über Marketingnachrichten.
Wettbewerbe und Verkaufsaktionen
Wir erfassen Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, wenn Sie an Wettbewerben oder Verkaufsaktionen teilnehmen. Wir verwenden diese Daten zu mit der Durchführung der Wettbewerbe oder Verkaufsaktionen, an denen Sie teilnehmen, verbundenen Zwecken.
Diese Daten können Ihre Kontaktdaten, z. B. Ihren Namen und andere Informationen, die Sie im Zuge der Anmeldung für den Wettbewerb oder die Verkaufsaktion angeben, sowie von Ihnen übermittelte Kommentare und Meinungen umfassen.
Wenn Sie einen Wettbewerb oder im Rahmen einer Verkaufsaktion gewinnen, haben wir ein legitimes Interesse daran, Ihre Daten zu Werbezwecken in Verbindung mit dem Wettbewerb oder der Verkaufsaktion zu verwenden. Diese können Ihren Namen, Ihren Depop-Benutzernamen, Fotos, Ihr Konterfei, Ihre Stimme, Meinungsäußerungen und biografische Informationen umfassen.
Ihr Inhalt und Bilder
Wir erfassen Ihren Inhalt, der Bilder umfassen kann, die Ihre personenbezogenen Daten enthalten, wenn Sie ihn uns bei der Nutzung des Service freiwillig übermitteln. Wir können Ihren Inhalt und/oder Bilder im Rahmen unserer Online- und Offline-Marketingkampagnen verwenden, die in unserem Auftrag über Drittanbieter durchgeführt werden können. Diese Verwendung unterliegt der Genehmigung, die Sie uns für die Nutzung dieser Bilder und Inhalte im Rahmen unserer
Nutzungsbedingungen
einräumen.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu diesen Zwecken entweder basierend auf unserem legitimen Interesse, um Depop in unseren Publicity- und Marketingkampagnen zu bewerben, oder mit Ihrer Genehmigung.
App-interne Nachrichten, Kommentare und Artikelbeschreibungen
Wenn Sie App-interne Nachrichten oder Kommentare übermitteln oder Artikelbeschreibungen bereitstellen, können wir zu den folgenden Zwecken auf diese zugreifen, sie speichern und überprüfen:
um die Ausführung einer über unseren Service getätigten Bestellung zu unterstützen
um auf Probleme, Anliegen, Fragen oder Konflikte zu reagieren, die von Nutzern geäußert werden, und um Konflikte zu lösen
wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass die Nachrichten einen Verstoß gegen unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
darstellen, oder zeigen, dass Sie gegen unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
verstoßen haben, z. B. zu mit der Betrugsvereitelung und/oder Sicherheit unserer Nutzer verbundenen Zwecken.
Zahlung und Transaktionen
Wir erfassen Daten, einschließlich Zahlungsinformationen, die sich auf Artikel, welche Sie kaufen oder verkaufen, und auf die Zahlungsmethode(n) beziehen, welche Sie nutzen, um Artikel bezahlen und Geld für Artikel erhalten zu können, die Sie verkauft haben.
Wenn Sie unter Verwendung unseres Service etwas kaufen, werden der Benutzername, der Name, die Lieferadresse, die E-Mail-Adresse und die Telefonnummer, die Sie während des Bezahlvorgangs angeben, zu den mit Ihrer Bestellung verbundenen Zwecken an den Verkäufer weitergegeben. Sie sollten Ihre Daten jedoch nicht direkt an Verkäufer weitergeben, und wenn Sie ein ungutes Gefühl oder Bedenken haben, können Sie sich mit den unter
Kontakt
aufgeführten Kontaktdaten an uns wenden.
Wenn Sie einen unserer Zahlungspartner – u. a. Depop Payments via Stripe – verwenden, berechtigen Sie Depop zur Weitergabe der von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen und Zahlungsanweisungen (die den Namen, die E-Mail-Adresse, die eindeutige Kundenkennung, die Bankkontodaten, die Bestell-ID, die Zahlungskartendaten, das Ablaufdatum der Karte, die Kartenprüfnummer, das Datum/die Uhrzeit/den Betrag der Transaktion, den Namen/die Kennung des Händlers und den Standort umfassen können) in dem Umfang, der zur Abwicklung von Zahlungen über den Service erforderlich ist. Zudem hat unser Support- und Moderationsteam Zugriff auf diese Informationen, um Transaktionen verarbeiten und unterstützen und bei Rückerstattungen moderieren zu können.
Des Weiteren können unsere Zahlungspartner Ihre Informationen, einschließlich von Cookies oder durch ähnliche Mittel erfasster Informationen, in dem Umfang erfassen, der erforderlich ist, um die Transaktionen zu verarbeiten oder Sicherheitsanforderungen zu erfüllen.
Außerdem verwenden wir Ihre Transaktionsinformationen und Ihre Bestellhistorie, um festzustellen, zu welchen Produkten und Services Sie möglicherweise Näheres erfahren möchten, und um Ihnen Marketingnachrichten über sie zu schicken.
Hier
erfahren Sie mehr über Marketingnachrichten.
Daten aus Social-Media-Konten
Wenn Sie Ihr Depop-Konto mit dem Konto eines sozialen Netzwerks wie z. B. Facebook verbinden, erfassen wir Daten von Ihnen aus dem sozialen Netzwerk. Dabei beachten wir die Datenschutzeinstellungen, die Sie in dem entsprechenden sozialen Netzwerk festgelegt haben.
Die Daten, die wir erhalten können, umfassen Ihren Namen, Ihre Kennung bzw. Ihren Account-Namen, Ihr Profilbild, Ihr Geschlecht, Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre Benutzer-ID, Ihr Alter bzw. Ihren Altersbereich, Ihre Sprache, Ihr Land, Ihre Freundesliste, Ihre Follower-Liste sowie alle anderen Informationen, deren Weitergabe Sie zustimmen.
Wir verwenden diese Daten, um die Erstellung Ihres öffentlichen Profils in unserem Service zu unterstützen und Ihnen das Teilen Ihrer Erfahrung mit unserem Service mit Ihren Freunden, Followern oder Kontaktpersonen in dem sozialen Netzwerk zu erleichtern, mit dem Sie Ihr Depop-Konto verbunden haben.
Mit Ihrer Zustimmung können wir Ihre Daten zudem verwenden, um Sie über Neuigkeiten in dem sozialen Netzwerk zu informieren, die für Sie oder im Zusammenhang mit Verkaufsaktionen, an denen Sie teilnehmen, von Interesse sein könnten. Wir posten nicht ohne Ihre Zustimmung in ihr soziales Netzwerk oder an Ihre Freunde, Follower oder Kontaktpersonen.
Ihre Beziehung zu anderen Nutzern
Wir erfassen Daten der Nutzer, denen Sie über unseren Service folgen (und der Nutzer, die Ihnen folgen). Wir nutzen diese Daten, um in Ihren Suchergebnissen, Ihren Empfehlungen oder Ihrem Feed Artikel anzuzeigen, die für Sie von Interesse sein können. Dazu setzen wir Technologie (einen Algorithmus) ein.
Wenn ein Konto blockiert oder gesperrt wurde, speichern wir auch diese Daten. Dies tun wir aufgrund unseres legitimen Interesses an der Durchsetzung unserer
Nutzungsbedingungen
und daran, Nutzern die Kontrolle darüber zu ermöglichen, wer über unseren Service mit ihnen kommunizieren kann.
Website- und App-Login
Wenn Sie ein Konto erstellen und sich einloggen, erfassen wir Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Informationen zu Ihrem Gerät. Wir haben ein legitimes Interesse an der Nutzung dieser Daten, um die Sicherheit Ihres Kontos zu gewährleisten.
Wenn Sie entscheiden, sich über ein soziales Netzwerk, wie z. B. den Facebook-Login, oder über andere Login-Methoden von Drittanbietern einzuloggen, erhalten wir weder Ihr Passwort noch andere Konto-Login-Daten für diese sozialen Netzwerke oder andere Services von Drittanbietern. Wir können jedoch einige Informationen von solchen Services von Drittanbietern erhalten. Dies hängt davon ab, welches Drittanbieterkonto Sie zum Einloggen verwenden. Je nach verwendetem Service von Drittanbietern und Ihren Einstellungen für diesen Service können wir beispielsweise Ihre bei dem entsprechenden Service von Drittanbietern registrierte E-Mail-Adresse erhalten.
Sie sollten Ihren Benutzernamen und Ihr Passwort nicht an andere Personen weitergeben. Sie tragen die Verantwortung für Handlungen, die unter Verwendung Ihres Benutzernamens und Passworts durchgeführt werden. Wenn Sie glauben, dass jemand Zugriff auf Ihr Passwort oder Konto hat, sollten Sie uns dies unverzüglich mitteilen und Ihr Passwort ändern.
Sie können die Sicherheit Ihres Kontos zusätzlich erhöhen, indem Sie die Zwei-Schritt-Verifizierung aktivieren.
Ihr Gerät
Wir erfassen Informationen zu dem Gerät, mit dem Sie den Service nutzen. Dies gilt für Computer, Smartphones und alle anderen elektronischen Geräte, über die Sie auf den Service zugreifen können.
Die Informationen können die Art des Geräts, die eindeutige Kennnummer des Geräts (z. B. Android-ID, Apple-ID oder Browser-Fingerabdruck), das auf dem Gerät verwendete Betriebssystem, die für die Verbindung mit unserem Service von Ihrem Gerät verwendeten Browser und Anwendungen, Ihren Internetanbieter bzw. Ihr mobiles Netzwerk, Ihre IP-Adresse und die Telefonnummer Ihres Geräts (falls vorhanden) umfassen.
Wenn Sie in einem registrierten Konto angemeldet sind, können diese Informationen mit Ihnen in Verbindung gebracht werden.
Wir verwenden diese Geräteinformationen so, dass die Art, wie der Service bereitgestellt wird und funktioniert für Ihr Gerät angemessen ist. Zudem verwenden wir diese Geräteinformationen zu den mit unserem legitimen Interesse daran, dass Nutzer, die gesperrt wurden, nicht durch das Erstellen eines neuen Kontos auf den Service zugreifen können, sowie am Ermitteln und Analysieren potenziell verdächtiger Nutzeraktivitäten zum Schutz unseres Service und anderer Nutzer unseres Service verbundenen Zwecken.
Ihre Präferenzen
Wir verwenden die von Ihnen gewählten Präferenzen und Benachrichtigungseinstellungen zu den folgenden Zwecken:
um Ihnen Benachrichtigungen zu übermitteln
um Ihnen Marketingmitteilungen zu senden
um die Art anzupassen, auf die Ihnen unsere App und/oder Website angezeigt wird
um die Inhalte anzupassen, die Sie über unseren Service sehen
Ihre Art der Verbindung und Nutzung unseres Service
Wir erfassen Daten über Ihre Nutzung unseres Service. Dazu gehören:
Profile, die Sie aufgerufen haben
Artikel, die Sie eingestellt, aufgerufen, gekauft, verkauft, gesucht, gespeichert, geteilt oder kommentiert haben oder die Ihnen gefallen
der Zeitpunkt und die Dauer Ihres Zugriffs auf unseren Service
die Website, von der Sie auf unsere Website gelangt sind, und die Website, die Sie nach dem Verlassen unserer Website aufgerufen haben
alle Entscheidungen, die Sie bei der Nutzung unseres Service treffen
Wir nutzen diese Daten (mithilfe von Drittanbietern von Analysediensten) zu folgenden Zwecken:
um zu verstehen, wie unser Service verwendet wird, was uns bei dem legitimen Interesse an der Verbesserung unseres Service hilft
um Ihnen Ihren Feed und Ihre Suchergebnisse über unseren Service anzuzeigen und um die Ergebnisse nach ihrer Relevanz für Sie zu ordnen. Dazu setzen wir Technologie (einen Algorithmus) ein, die Ihre Präferenzen und, sofern Sie der Nutzung Ihrer Standortdaten durch uns zugestimmt haben, Ihren Standort verwendet.
um Ihre Artikel den relevantesten potenziellen Käufern anzuzeigen. Dazu setzen wir Technologie (einen Algorithmus) ein.
um Ihnen Tipps und sonstige Benachrichtigungen zu senden, von denen wir glauben, dass sie Ihre Erfahrung mit dem Service verbessern werden
um zu beurteilen, ob unsere Marketingkampagnen und Verkaufsaktionen erfolgreich waren
um Ihnen Marketingmaterialien zu Produkten und Services zu schicken (auch per E-Mail), die unserer Meinung nach von Interesse für Sie sein könnten
um ggf. Verstöße gegen unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
festzustellen oder zu verhindern
Standort
Wenn Sie uns – z. B., falls zulässig, über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen – Ihre Zustimmung erteilt haben, erfassen und verwenden wir Ihre Standortinformationen, um Ihnen Funktionen des Service bereitzustellen, die für Sie und Ihren Standort relevant sind. Dazu können wir andere Informationen, die uns vorliegen, in Verbindung mit Ihrem Standort verwenden. Das hilft Ihnen beispielsweise bei der Suche nach Artikeln, die in Ihrer Gegend zum Verkauf angeboten werden.
Wenn Sie Ihre Entscheidung, ob Sie uns die Verwendung Ihrer Standortinformationen erlauben möchten, ändern, können Sie Ihre Präferenzen jederzeit in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen aktualisieren.
Andere Nutzer
Gelegentlich können andere Nutzer unseres Service auf Sie bezogene Daten bereitstellen, z. B. Kommentare, Feedback und Likes bezüglich Ihrer Artikel oder Nachrichten, die sie Ihnen senden.
Andere Nutzer können auch in anderen sozialen Netzwerken, die mit Depop verknüpft sind, Informationen zu einem Artikel weitergeben, den sie von Ihnen gekauft haben. Das sind jedoch lediglich Informationen, die bereits öffentlich zugänglich sind.
Wenn Nutzer Sie einladen möchten, unseren Service zu nutzen, oder Informationen zu unserem Service weitergeben möchten, nutzen wir Daten, die sie uns in Bezug auf Sie zur Verfügung stellen, um sie dabei zu unterstützen. Das tun wir nur, wenn sie uns mitteilen, dass Sie ihrer derartigen Kommunikation mit Ihnen zugestimmt haben.
Betrügerische oder kriminelle Aktivitäten
Wir verwenden Daten bezüglich betrügerischer oder krimineller Aktivitäten, die mit Ihrer Verwendung unseres Service im Zusammenhang stehen. Das tun wir aufgrund unseres legitimen Interesses an der Ermittlung und Verhinderung von Betrugsfällen und Straftaten und zur Erfüllung unserer gesetzlichen Pflichten. Wir können die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten überwachen, um potenziellen Betrug, Missbrauch und Verstöße gegen unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
festzustellen. Zu diesen Daten zählen Artikelseiten (Beschreibung, Preis), Nachrichten, Benutzerprofilinformationen, der Standort, Informationen zu verknüpften Konten und/oder die Gerätekennung. Dies hilft uns zudem, Nutzer festzustellen, die möglicherweise zuvor aus unserem Service entfernt wurden. Wir können diese Informationen nutzen, um gewisse Nutzer zum Schutz unseres Service automatisch aus unserem Service zu entfernen.
Weitere Verwendungszwecke Ihrer Daten
Wir nutzen die von uns erfassten Daten zu folgenden Zwecken:
um unseren Service zu überwachen und zu verbessern
zur Unterstützung der Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Services
Wenn wir Ihre Daten zu diesen Zwecken nutzen, führt das nicht dazu, dass Daten, die zuvor nicht öffentlich verfügbar waren, über unseren Service öffentlich verfügbar werden.
Zudem verwenden wir Ihre Daten, um Konflikte zwischen Nutzern zu lösen, Nutzern Support zu bieten, Fehler zu beheben, die Lösung von Problemen zu unterstützen und unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
durchzusetzen.
Sensible Daten
Wir können sensible Daten wie Informationen zu Ihren religiösen Ansichten, Ihrer ethnischen Herkunft, Ihrem körperlichen und geistigen Gesundheitszustand oder Ihrer sexuellen Orientierung erfassen.
Wir erfassen und verwenden solche Daten, wenn wir Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung erhalten haben, z. B. wenn Sie an einer Umfrage teilnehmen. Mit Ihrer Genehmigung können wir Sie oder Ihr Profil in Werbe- und Marketingkampagnen einbinden und Sie oder Ihr Profil in dem Service vorstellen. Die Bereitstellung Ihrer sensiblen Daten zu diesen Zwecken ist völlig freiwillig.
Zudem können wir solche Daten erfassen und verwenden, um staatliche Vorschriften und Richtlinien zu erfüllen.
Wenn Sie Ihre eigenen sensiblen Daten in den Service eingeben (auch wenn Sie bestimmte Arten von sensiblen Daten über den Service per Selbsterklärung angeben), erkennen Sie an, dass Sie diese Daten bewusst nach Ihrem eigenen Ermessen veröffentlichen und dass wir diese Daten zu den oben genannten Zwecken verwenden können. Wir können solche Daten jederzeit aus unserem Service entfernen und jederzeit verlangen, dass Sie sie entfernen.
Ihre Marketingeinstellungen
Wir können Ihnen E-Mails zu Produkten und Services schicken, von denen wir glauben, dass sie Ihnen gefallen werden, aber Sie können uns jederzeit mitteilen, dass Sie diese E-Mails nicht mehr erhalten möchten.
Sofern Sie uns Ihre Erlaubnis erteilen, schicken wir Ihnen Push-Benachrichtigungen und geben Ihre E-Mail-Adresse an Drittanbieter weiter, wenn Sie uns mitgeteilt haben, dass Sie sich freuen würden, mehr über ihre Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu erfahren. Nachdem Sie uns Ihre Erlaubnis erteilt haben, können Sie sich später jederzeit an uns wenden, wenn Sie Ihre Meinung ändern.
E-Mail
: Wir können Sie per E-Mail über unsere Produkte und Services informieren. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass wir Ihnen Marketingnachrichten per E-Mail schicken, können Sie das Abonnement unserer Marketing-E-Mails rückgängig machen, indem Sie in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken, auf den Abbestellen-Link klicken.
Push-Benachrichtigungen
: Wenn Sie uns in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen, Ihnen Push-Benachrichtigungen zu übermitteln, schicken wir Ihnen diese Benachrichtigungen über unseren Service. Sie können Ihre Einstellungen für Push-Benachrichtigungen jederzeit in Ihren Geräteeinstellungen oder über die Depop-App ändern.
Drittanbieter
: Wenn Sie uns die Erlaubnis dazu erteilt haben, können wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse an bestimmte Drittanbieter weitergeben, sodass sie Ihnen per E-Mail Informationen zu ihren Produkten und Dienstleistungen schicken können. Wenn Sie uns Ihre Erlaubnis erteilen, aber Ihre Meinung später ändern und nicht möchten, dass wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse an Drittanbieter weitergeben, können Sie uns das
hier
über unsere Hilfe mitteilen.
Werbung in dem Service und auf anderen Websites
Wir können Ihre Daten nutzen, um Ihnen – sowohl über den Service als auch auf anderen Websites – Werbung für Produkte anzuzeigen, von denen wir glauben, dass sie für Sie von Interesse sein können. Dazu werden in der Regel Cookies eingesetzt, also kleine Dateien, die auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert werden, wenn Sie eine Website besuchen. Ausführlichere Informationen finden Sie in unserer
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
.
Wir und Werbepartner, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, können Ihnen über den Service und auf anderen Websites Werbung anzeigen, indem wir Ihre Daten nutzen, um Anzeigen für Produkte einzublenden, von denen wir glauben, dass sie Ihnen gefallen werden. Diese Werbeanzeigen können in dem Service, auf anderen Websites oder in Apps erscheinen (dort, wo unser Partner über Werbeflächen verfügt).
Dies erfolgt durch das Erfassen von Daten in Verbindung mit Ihrer Nutzung des Service und anderer Webseiten sowie von Inhalten und Werbeanzeigen, mit denen Sie oder andere Personen, die Ihr Gerät verwenden, interagieren, die Sie besuchen oder aufrufen. Diese Informationen können auch die IP-Adresse des Geräts umfassen, das Sie für den Zugriff auf den Service verwenden.
Wir können diese Art von Daten an unsere Werbepartner weitergeben, um besser messen zu können, wie erfolgreich unsere Werbung ist.
Bestimmte Informationen können wir an Drittanbieterplattformen wie Facebook, TikTok, Snapchat und Google weitergeben, um gegenüber Nutzern unseres Service, die auch Nutzer dieser Plattformen sind, und auf diesen Plattformen aktiven Personen, die den Nutzern unseres Service ähnlich sein können, eine gezieltere Werbung auf diesen Drittanbieterplattformen zu ermöglichen.
Außerdem können wir Informationen, die wir über die Depop-App erfassen, auch zum Erstellen von „Kundengruppen“ zu den mit unserer Werbung auf Drittanbieterplattformen verbundenen Zwecken nutzen. Unter diesen Umständen können wir gewisse Informationen an Betreiber von Drittanbieterplattformen weitergeben, um eine gezieltere Werbung gegenüber Nutzern auf diesen Drittanbieterplattformen zu unterstützen. Drittanbieterplattformen haben zudem in der Regel eigene Datenschutzrichtlinien, die Sie ebenfalls lesen sollten.
Normalerweise werden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien eingesetzt, um diese Art von Werbung bereitzustellen. Mehr darüber, welche Cookies wir verwenden, aus welchen Gründen wir sie verwenden und wie Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen verwalten, erfahren Sie in unserer
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
.
Welche Daten können andere Nutzer über den Service sehen?
Wenn Sie unseren Service nutzen, sind einige Ihrer Daten öffentlich zugänglich und für andere Personen sichtbar. Dazu gehören Ihre Profilinformationen, wie etwa Ihr Benutzername, Ihr Profilbild, die Stadt und das Land Ihres Standorts und Informationen dazu, wer Ihnen folgt und wem Sie folgen. Informationen zu Artikeln, die Sie zum Verkauf einstellen, und die von Ihnen abgegebenen Bewertungen sowie einige der Dinge, die Sie in unserem Service tun, wie z. B. der Kauf und Verkauf eines Artikels, sind ebenfalls öffentlich sichtbar. Diese Informationen sind öffentlich zugänglich, um Käufern und Verkäufern die Nutzung unseres Service zu ermöglichen, was auch das Treffen fundierter Entscheidungen in Bezug auf Käufe und Verkäufe umfasst. Wenn Sie das möchten, posten wir in sozialen Netzwerken, die Sie mit dem Service verknüpft haben, bezüglich Ihrer Nutzung des Service.
Unser Service ermöglicht es Nutzern, miteinander zu interagieren. Um das zu ermöglichen, werden durch den Service generierte Daten an andere Nutzer des Service weitergegeben.
Nutzerprofil:
Wenn Sie ein Konto einrichten, erstellt der Service ein Nutzerprofil für Sie. Die Daten in Ihrem Nutzerprofil sind öffentlich zugänglich. Sie umfassen Ihren Benutzernamen, die Stadt und das Land Ihres Standorts, Ihre Follower und die Information, wem Sie folgen, sowie Details zu den Artikeln, die Sie verkaufen.
Wenn Sie möchten, können Sie Ihrem Profil zudem noch weitere Informationen hinzufügen, z. B. ein Profilbild, eine Profilbeschreibung oder Bio und eine Website-Adresse. Wenn Sie diese Informationen zu Ihrem Profil hinzufügen, sind sie ebenfalls öffentlich zugänglich.
Im Allgemeinen geben wir keine E-Mail-Adressen von Nutzern an andere Nutzer weiter. Wir können jedoch Verkäufern, von denen Sie Artikel gekauft haben, in dem zur Abwicklung Ihrer Bestellungen erforderlichen Umfang Ihre E-Mail-Adresse (und weitere Details) mitteilen.
Artikelseiten:
Wenn Sie einen Artikel in dem Service zum Verkauf einstellen, werden alle Informationen, die Sie zu der Artikelseite hinzufügen, öffentlich zugänglich. Dazu gehören Fotos, Videos, Preise und Beschreibungen des Artikels.
Auch alle Kommentare und Links anderer Nutzer zu Ihrer Artikelseite sowie alle Antworten, Kommentare und Bilder, die Sie posten, sind öffentlich zugänglich.
Andere Nutzer können in anderen sozialen Netzwerken, die mit dem Service verknüpft sind, einen Link zu einem Artikel teilen, den sie von Ihnen über den Service gekauft haben.
Ihre Aktivitäten in dem Service
: Standardmäßig sind einige Ihrer Aktivitäten in dem Service öffentlich einsehbar. Das gilt für Aktivitäten, mit denen Sie einem Nutzer folgen, ein Nutzer Ihnen folgt, Sie einen Artikel kommentieren, liken oder zum Verkauf einstellen, Ihr Artikel verkauft wird, Sie einen Artikel kaufen oder bewerten oder Sie eine Bewertung erhalten. Diese Aktivitäten sind öffentlich einsehbar, um Käufern und Verkäufern die Nutzung unseres Service zu ermöglichen, was auch das Treffen fundierter Entscheidungen in Bezug auf Käufe und Verkäufe umfasst.
Soziale Netzwerke, die Sie mit dem Service verknüpfen
: Wenn Sie dies veranlassen, posten wir Updates zu Ihrer Nutzung des Service in sozialen Netzwerken, die Sie mit dem Service verknüpft haben.
An wen geben wir Ihre Daten weiter?
Es ist möglich, dass wir Ihre Daten beispielsweise an Unternehmen, die Teil unserer Unternehmensgruppe sind, an Drittanbieter, die uns Dienste bereitstellen, oder aus rechtlichen Gründen weitergeben müssen.
Wir können Ihre Daten an folgende Stellen weitergeben:
Unternehmen unserer Unternehmensgruppe:
Dazu zählen unsere Tochtergesellschaften (alle Unternehmen, die wir besitzen oder kontrollieren), die oberste Holdinggesellschaft (das Unternehmen, das unser Unternehmen besitzt oder kontrolliert) und alle Tochtergesellschaften, die sich in ihrem Besitz befinden. Die Unternehmen in unserer Unternehmensgruppe nutzen Ihre Daten lediglich, um Ihnen den Service bereitzustellen, und zu den anderen in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecken.
Unsere Dienstleistungsanbieter:
Dies sind Drittanbieter, die uns Dienstleistungen bereitstellen. Diese Drittanbieter sind zur Nutzung Ihrer Daten lediglich in dem von unseren Anweisungen an sie festgelegten Rahmen berechtigt. Möglicherweise müssen wir Ihre Daten an Dienstleistungsanbieter wie die folgenden weitergeben:
Versandanbieter, falls Sie angegeben haben, dass Sie ihre Dienste für von Ihnen verkaufte oder erworbene Artikel nutzen möchten
Zahlungsanbieter, um Verkaufstransaktionen zu bearbeiten
Dienstanbieter für Identitätsüberprüfungen, um Ihren Zugriff auf den Service zu überprüfen und betrügerische Aktivitäten in Ihrem Konto zu verhindern
Moderatoren, die unseren Service überwachen, um sicherzustellen, dass nicht gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen verstoßen wird und es im Zuge der Nutzung unseres Service zu keinen kriminellen Handlungen kommt
Anbieter von Analysediensten, die uns ein besseres Verständnis der Nutzung unseres Service ermöglichen (siehe die zusätzlichen Informationen unter
Ihre Art der Verbindung und Nutzung unseres Service
)
Drittanbieter, die uns bei der Verbesserung der Funktionen unseres Service unterstützen (z. B. Anbieter von Diensten im Zusammenhang mit dem Tagging von Bildern, die Ihnen das Teilen von Bildern über unseren Service ermöglichen)
In einigen Fällen können unsere Dienstanbieter direkt Daten von Ihnen erfassen, z. B. wenn wir sie mit der Durchführung von Umfragen beauftragen. Wenn dies der Fall ist, werden Sie über ihre Beteiligung informiert, und das Bereitstellen von Daten für sie ist vollkommen freiwillig. Die Nutzung Ihrer Daten durch die Dienstanbieter erfolgt im Rahmen ihrer Datenschutzrichtlinien.
Werbepartner:
Wir können Daten im Zusammenhang mit Nutzern des Service an unsere Werbepartner weitergeben, um, wie in Abschnitt 3 weiter oben beschrieben, unsere Anzeigen gezielter anbringen und die Wirksamkeit unserer Anzeigen bewerten zu können. Wenn geltende Gesetze das Einholen Ihrer Zustimmung vorschreiben, holen wir zuvor Ihre Zustimmung ein. Andernfalls stützen wir uns auf unser legitimes Interesse. Sie können sich an
data@depop.com
wenden, um einer solchen Weitergabe zu widersprechen. Bevor wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten an unsere Werbepartner unterlassen, können wir Sie um Informationen bitten, um Ihre Identität zu überprüfen.
Strafverfolgungsbehörden, andere Behörden und andere Stellen aus rechtlichen Gründen:
Wenn wir aus rechtlichen Gründen dazu verpflichtet sind, müssen wir Ihre Daten möglicherweise an Dritte wie etwa Strafverfolgungs- oder andere Behörden weitergeben. Es ist auch möglich, dass wir Ihre Daten an Dritte weitergeben müssen, um unsere Rechte, unser Eigentum oder unsere Sicherheit (oder die Rechte, das Eigentum oder die Sicherheit anderer) zu schützen oder illegale Aktivitäten und Verletzungen von mit Ihnen geschlossenen Vereinbarungen einschließlich unserer
Nutzungsbedingungen
zu untersuchen.
Betriebliche Umstrukturierung:
Falls es zu einem Verkauf, einem Zusammenschluss, einer Liquidation, einer Zwangsverwaltung oder einer Übertragung der Vermögenswerte von Depop kommt, müssen wir Ihre Daten möglicherweise an die entsprechenden Dritten weitergeben, was in unserem legitimen Interesse an der Durchführung unserer Geschäfte und dieser Transaktionen liegt.
Weitere Informationen zu Ihren Marketingoptionen finden Sie unter
Ihre Marketingeinstellungen
.
Auch wenn die Depop-API öffentlich zugänglich ist, gestatten wir Dritten zu keinerlei Zwecken ihre Verwendung. Die Depop-API behandelt Ihre Daten auf genau die gleiche Weise wie der Service.
Informationen, anhand derer Sie nicht identifiziert werden können
Wir geben keinerlei Daten, die verwendet werden könnten, um Sie zu identifizieren, an andere Personen weiter, sofern dies nicht von den Bestimmungen dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie abgedeckt ist.
Wir können Dritten aggregierte statistische Daten und Analysedaten bereitstellen, die sich auf Nutzer unseres Service beziehen, aber wir stellen sicher, dass niemand anhand dieser Informationen identifiziert werden kann, bevor wir sie weitergeben.
Wie lange speichern wir Ihre Daten?
Wir speichern Ihre Daten nur so lange wie wir sie brauchen. Wenn Sie ein Konto besitzen, bedeutet das, dass wir Ihre Daten speichern, während Ihr Konto aktiv ist. Wenn Ihr Konto deaktiviert wird, speichern wir Ihre Daten zudem noch danach für einen angemessenen Zeitraum. Des Weiteren können wir Ihre Daten aus rechtlichen oder technischen Gründen speichern.
Wir speichern Ihre Daten nur so lange wie wir sie benötigen und zu den Zwecken, zu denen sie erfasst wurden. Dies umfasst die Fälle, in denen wir Ihre Daten speichern müssen, um rechtliche, Compliance- oder Anforderungen hinsichtlich der Buchhaltung oder Berichterstattung zu erfüllen, sowie zwecks Betrugsvereitelung.
Bei der Abwägung, wie lange wir Ihre Daten speichern müssen, berücksichtigen wir die Menge, die Natur und den Sensibilitätsgrad der Daten, das potenzielle Risiko eines Schadens durch unberechtigte Verwendung oder Weitergabe Ihrer Daten, die Zwecke, zu denen wir Ihre Daten verwenden, die Frage, ob wir diese Zwecke auf andere Weise erreichen können, sowie geltende rechtliche Bestimmungen.
Wenn Sie ein Konto bei uns besitzen, speichern wir Ihre Daten so lange wie Ihr Konto aktiv ist. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto deaktivieren oder wenn wir es deaktivieren, weil Sie seit langer Zeit inaktiv sind, werden Ihre Daten noch eine Zeit lang gespeichert, nachdem Ihr Konto deaktiviert wurde.
Auch nachdem Ihr Konto deaktiviert wurde, ist es möglich, dass wir Ihre Daten aus rechtlichen oder technischen Gründen (einschließlich Back-up-Systeme) speichern müssen, z. B. zur Aufbewahrung von Transaktionsnachweisen, damit wir Ihre Rechte durchsetzen und der anderen Partei einer Transaktion den Zugriff auf Aufzeichnungen früherer Käufe und Verkäufe ermöglichen können. Nach Ablauf dieses Zeitraums löschen wir entweder die Daten oder ändern sie auf eine Weise, die eine Identifizierung Ihrer Person nicht mehr zulässt. Dabei ist keine Benachrichtigung an Sie erforderlich.
Wenn Ihr Konto deaktiviert wird, können einige Ihrer Daten bestehen bleiben und in dem Service erscheinen, z. B. wenn Ihre Daten von anderen Nutzern unseres Service weitergegeben wurden. Wenn Ihr Konto gesperrt wurde, speichern wir bestimmte Daten von Ihnen, um zu unserem Schutz, zum Schutz unserer Nutzer und für die Sicherheit unseres Service zu verhindern, dass Sie ein neues Konto eröffnen. Um Informationen zu den Speicherfristen für andere Aspekte Ihrer Daten zu erhalten, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
data@depop.com
.
Wir können Informationen, die Ihre Daten beinhalten können, mithilfe von Cookies und anderen Methoden lokal auf Ihrem Gerät speichern. Weitere Informationen zur Speicherzeit von Cookies finden Sie in unserer
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
.
Werden meine Daten in ein anderes Land übertragen?
Ihre Daten können in ein anderes als das Land, in dem Sie leben, übertragen werden. Nicht alle Länder verfügen über die gleichen Datenschutzstandards. Wenn wir Ihre Daten in ein anderes Land übertragen, tun wir dies jedoch nur, sofern wir angemessene Maßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Daten eingerichtet haben.
Die Daten, die wir erfassen, können in andere Länder als das Land, in dem Sie leben, übertragen und dort gespeichert werden, einschließlich Länder außerhalb des Vereinigten Königreichs, des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (
EWR
) und Australiens. Das gilt sowohl für Unternehmen in unserer Unternehmensgruppe als auch für Drittanbieter und Moderatoren. Ihre Daten können von Mitarbeitern (die für uns oder für einen unserer Zulieferer tätig sind) und anderen Nutzern des Service verarbeitet werden, die sich außerhalb des Vereinigten Königreichs, des EWR und Australiens befinden. Eine solche Verarbeitung kann erfolgen, um einen Kauf auszuführen, Zahlungsdetails zu verarbeiten, Support und Überprüfungsdienste bereitzustellen oder uns die Ausführung des Service zu ermöglichen.
Nicht alle Länder bieten das gleiche Maß an Datenschutz. In anderen Ländern kann der Schutz geringer ausfallen als im Vereinigten Königreich oder im EWR. Wir übertragen Ihre Daten jedoch nur in Länder, für die eine Angemessenheitsentscheidung der Europäischen Kommission vorliegt, oder wenn die juristische Person einer entsprechenden, von der Europäischen Kommission als angemessen beurteilten Datenübertragungsvereinbarung unterliegt, die den Standardvertragsklauseln (Standard Contractual Clauses, SCC) entspricht. Über die Kontaktdaten unter
Kontakt
können Sie eine Kopie unserer SCC anfordern.
In Fällen, in denen wir auf Dienstanbieter in den USA zurückgreifen, können wir Daten an sie übermitteln, wenn sie den Standardvertragsklauseln zugestimmt haben, die sie dazu verpflichten, einen ähnlichen Schutz für personenbezogene Daten zu bieten, die zwischen dem EWR (und dem Vereinigten Königreich) und den USA ausgetauscht werden.
Wir ergreifen alle angemessenen Maßnahmen, um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Daten sicher und gemäß dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und allen relevanten Datenschutzgesetzen behandelt werden.
Leider bietet die Übertragung von Informationen über das Internet keine vollständige Sicherheit. Wir unternehmen zwar alle Anstrengungen, um Ihre Daten zu schützen, können jedoch nicht die Sicherheit Ihrer über unseren Service übertragenen Daten garantieren, und jede Übertragung erfolgt auf eigene Gefahr. Wenn wir Ihre Daten empfangen haben, wenden wir strenge Verfahren an und ergreifen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um unberechtigtem Zugriff vorzubeugen.
Ihre Rechte
Sie haben bestimmte Rechte im Zusammenhang mit den Daten, die wir von Ihnen speichern. Möglicherweise sind wir nicht verpflichtet, allen Ihren Anträgen nachzukommen, aber wenn das der Fall ist, erläutern wir die Gründe dafür. Wenn Sie von einem Ihrer Rechte Gebrauch machen möchten, können Sie sich über die unter
Kontakt
aufgeführten Kontaktdaten an uns wenden.
Zugriffsrecht:
Sie können eine Bestätigung Ihrer Daten, die wir gespeichert haben, und eine Kopie dieser Daten anfordern.
Recht auf Korrektur Ihrer Daten:
Sie können eine Korrektur Ihrer Daten, die wir gespeichert haben, anfordern, falls diese nicht zutreffen oder unvollständig sind.
Recht auf Löschung:
Unter gewissen Umständen können Sie uns bitten, Ihre Daten zu löschen. Allerdings sind wir möglicherweise nicht immer verpflichtet, Ihrem Antrag nachzukommen, wenn dies spezifische rechtliche Gründe verhindern. Solche Gründe werden Ihnen ggf. mitgeteilt, wenn Sie Ihren Antrag einreichen. Möglicherweise müssen wir einige Ihrer Informationen speichern (siehe weitere Details unter
Wie lange speichern wir Ihre Daten?
).
Recht auf Widerspruch:
Sie können der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten durch uns widersprechen, wenn wir uns auf ein legitimes Interesse stützen und Sie der Meinung sind, dass dies im Widerspruch zu Ihren grundlegenden Rechten und Freiheiten steht. Wir berücksichtigen Ihren Widerspruch, sind aber möglicherweise nicht verpflichtet, Ihrem Antrag nachzukommen, z. B. wenn wir zeigen können, dass unsere legitime Grundlage Vorrang vor Ihren Rechten und Freiheiten genießt.
Auch einer Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten durch uns zu Direktmarketing-Zwecken können Sie widersprechen (weitere Informationen dazu finden Sie unter
Ihre Marketingeinstellungen
).
Recht auf Einschränkungen:
In den folgenden Fällen können Sie uns bitten, die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten auszusetzen:
wenn Sie möchten, dass wir die Daten korrigieren
wenn unsere Verwendung der Daten gesetzwidrig ist, Sie aber nicht möchten, dass wir sie löschen
wenn wir die Daten speichern sollen, obwohl wir sie nicht mehr benötigen, weil Sie gesetzliche Rechte wahren, ausüben oder verteidigen müssen
wenn Sie der Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch uns widersprochen haben, wir aber prüfen müssen, ob unsererseits vorrangige legitime Gründe für die Verwendung bestehen
Recht auf die Beantragung einer Übermittlung Ihrer Daten:
Sie sind berechtigt, eine Übermittlung einiger Ihrer Daten an Sie oder an Dritte Ihrer Wahl zu beantragen. Diese Übermittlung führen wir in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinell lesbaren Format durch.
Recht auf Widerruf der Einwilligung:
Wenn wir Ihre Daten basierend auf Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten, können Sie Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Dies können Sie beispielsweise erreichen, indem Sie die Datenschutzeinstellungen in Ihren sozialen Netzwerken für Informationen ändern, die wir aus diesen Netzwerken erfassen.
Automatisierte individuelle Entscheidungsfindung:
Möglicherweise sind Sie berechtigt, nicht von Entscheidungen betroffen zu sein, die ausschließlich auf der automatisierten Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten beruhen, falls dies rechtliche Folgen nach sich zieht oder sich auf ähnlich bedeutende Weise auf Sie auswirkt. Diese Bestimmung findet jedoch keine Anwendung, wenn die Entscheidung für den Abschluss oder die Ausführung des Vertrags mit Ihnen erforderlich ist oder Sie dem ausdrücklich zugestimmt haben. Wenn Sie dieser Art der auf einer ausschließlich automatisierten Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten basierenden Entscheidungsfindung widersprechen, sind Sie berechtigt, menschliche Eingriffe zu beantragen, Ihrem Standpunkt Ausdruck zu verleihen und die Entscheidung anzufechten.
Recht auf Abmeldung von Verhaltensanalysen:
Wir setzen Technologie (interner Algorithmus von Depop) ein, um Verhaltensanalysen durchzuführen, die helfen, Ihnen relevante Verkäufer und Artikel anzeigen oder Ihre Artikel den relevantesten potenziellen Käufern anzeigen zu können. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass wir Ihre Daten dafür verwenden, müssen Sie Ihr Depop-Konto schließen und Ihre Nutzung unseres Service einstellen. Das ist erforderlich, weil es für die Funktionsweise von Depop von grundlegender Bedeutung ist, Ihnen die passenden Artikel und Verkäufer vorzuschlagen und Ihre Artikel den passenden Käufern anzuzeigen, und dies ist nur möglich, wenn wir wissen, was Ihre Interessen und Vorlieben sind und welche Arten von Produkten Sie einstellen.
Wenn Sie von Ihren Rechten Gebrauch machen möchten oder Fragen zu Ihren Rechten haben, wenden Sie sich bitte über die unter
Kontakt
aufgeführten Kontaktdaten an uns. Möglicherweise müssen wir Sie, wenn Sie von Ihren Rechten Gebrauch machen, um bestimmte Informationen bitten, um Ihre Identität zu prüfen und unsere Antwort zu beschleunigen. Wenn es nicht möglich ist, Sie zu identifizieren, können wir Ihrem Antrag möglicherweise nicht nachkommen.
Sie können von diesen Rechten ohne jegliche Kosten Gebrauch machen. Unter bestimmten Bedingungen sind wir jedoch möglicherweise berechtigt, eine Gebühr in angemessener Höhe zu verlangen oder die Erfüllung Ihrer Forderung zurückzuweisen, falls uns dies gesetzlich gestattet ist, z. B. wenn Ihr Antrag unbegründet oder unangemessen ist oder zum wiederholten Male erfolgt.
Wir versuchen, alle zulässigen Anträge innerhalb eines Monats zu beantworten (ggf. nachdem es uns möglich war, Ihre Identität zu prüfen). Gelegentlich können wir mehr Zeit benötigen, wenn Ihr Antrag besonders komplex ist oder Sie mehrere Anträge gestellt haben. In diesem Fall teilen wir Ihnen ggf. mit, dass wir mehr Zeit für die Antwort benötigen.
Links zu anderen Websites
Unser Service kann Links zu und von Websites von Drittanbietern enthalten. Diese können unsere Partnernetzwerke, Werbetreibende, Handelspartner, Einzelhändler und Affiliate-Partner umfassen. Wenn Sie auf einen dieser Links klicken und diese Websites besuchen, sollten Sie beachten, dass diese Websites über ihre eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien verfügen, welche Sie lesen sollten. Wir tragen keinerlei Verantwortung für diese Websites und Datenschutzrichtlinien von Drittanbietern.
Kinder
Unser Service steht ausschließlich Nutzern ab einem Alter von 13 Jahren zur Verfügung.
Der Service ist nicht für Kinder unter 13 Jahren vorgesehen. Wir erfassen nicht wissentlich Daten von Kindern unter einem Alter von 13 Jahren. Kinder unter 13 Jahren sind nicht zur Nutzung unseres Service berechtigt.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass uns ein Kind unter 13 Jahren seine Daten zur Verfügung gestellt hat, wenden Sie sich bitte über die unter
Kontakt
aufgeführten Kontaktdaten an uns, damit wir diese Daten entfernen und das entsprechende Konto schließen können.
In unserem
Safety Centre
erhalten Sie weitere Informationen dazu.
Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder einen Antrag bezüglich Ihrer Daten stellen möchten, können Sie sich unter
data@depop.com
an uns wenden. In diesem Abschnitt finden Sie zudem Kontaktdaten unseres Datenschutzbeauftragten und unseres EU-Vertreters, um ggf. Kontakt zu ihnen aufzunehmen.
Wenn Sie in Verbindung mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie Fragen oder Anmerkungen haben oder Anträge stellen möchten, können Sie sich unter
data@depop.com
oder
hier
über unsere Hilfe an uns wenden.
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Außerdem können Sie sich, wenn Sie Fragen haben, einen Antrag stellen oder von Ihren gesetzlichen Rechten Gebrauch machen möchten, über die unten angegebenen Daten an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten wenden. Datenschutzbeauftragte sind dafür zuständig, unsere Einhaltung von Datenschutzgesetzen und unseren Umgang mit Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und mit Anträgen von Ihnen zu überwachen.
Name: Aphaia Ltd
E-Mail-Adresse:
dpo@depop.com
Postanschrift: Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR, Vereinigtes Königreich
EU-Vertreter
Wenn Sie sich in der EU befinden, können Sie sich mit Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und anderen Anträgen über die folgenden Daten an unseren EU-Vertreter wenden:
Name: Planit // Legal
E-Mail-Adresse:
depop_eu_representative@planit.legal
Postanschrift: Attn: Depop Limited EU Representative, Jungfernstieg 1, 20095 Hamburg, Deutschland
Was ist, wenn Sie eine Beschwerde haben?
Wenn Sie eine Beschwerde in Verbindung mit unserer Verwendung Ihrer Daten haben, sind Sie berechtigt, sich mit dem Anliegen an Ihre lokale Datenschutzbehörde zu wenden. Im Vereinigten Königreich ist dies das Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
). Weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
. Details dazu werden in dem Abschnitt „For the public“ (Für die Öffentlichkeit) der Website des ICO beschrieben. In Australien ist dies das Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Kontaktdaten finden Sie
hier
.
Allerdings begrüßt auch Depop jede Gelegenheit, Beschwerden zu beheben. Daher empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich zunächst an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten zu wenden, bevor Sie Beschwerden beim ICO oder Ihrer lokalen Datenschutzbehörde einreichen, sodass wir zunächst versuchen können, Ihre Beschwerden zu beheben.
Änderungen dieser Richtlinie
Von Zeit zu Zeit können wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie aktualisieren oder Änderungen daran vornehmen. Wenn wir wesentliche Änderungen an dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie vornehmen, teilen wir Ihnen dies auf die im Folgenden beschriebene Weise mit.
Wie benachrichtigen wir Sie?
Wenn wir Ihnen etwas mitteilen müssen, was aus rechtlichen, Marketing- oder anderen Gründen in Verbindung mit unserem Service erforderlich sein kann, kontaktieren wir Sie mit der Methode, die wir für die angemessenste halten, um uns an Sie zu wenden.
In der Regel tun wir dies per E-Mail oder durch Platzierung einer Mitteilung in dem Service selbst. Die Tatsache, dass wir Ihnen Benachrichtigungen senden, hat keinerlei Auswirkungen darauf, dass es Ihnen möglich ist, uns, wie unter
Ihre Marketingeinstellungen
beschrieben, mitzuteilen, dass Sie bestimmte Arten von Marketingnachrichten nicht erhalten möchten.
Datenschutzbestimmungen für Kalifornien
Dieser Abschnitt enthält Informationen zu unseren Datenverarbeitungspraktiken gemäß den Vorschriften des California Consumer Privacy Act aus dem Jahr 2018 (
CCPA
) und stellt eine Ergänzung zu den Bestimmungen unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie und anderer Bekanntmachungen dar.
Geltungsbereich
Wenn Ihr Wohnsitz in Kalifornien liegt und Sie auf unseren Service zugreifen oder uns anderweitig Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung stellen, gilt dieser Abschnitt für Sie. Dieser Abschnitt spiegelt nicht unsere Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten von Einwohnern Kaliforniens wider, falls dafür nach kalifornischem Recht eine Ausnahmeregelung besteht.
Recht zur Kenntnis der Erfassung, der Weitergabe und der Verkaufs von personenbezogenen Daten
Sie sind berechtigt, Auskunft darüber zu verlangen, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir im Einzelnen von Ihnen erfassen, verwenden, weitergeben und verkaufen (
Recht zur Kenntnis
). Senden Sie, um einen Antrag auf die Ausübung des Rechts zur Kenntnis einzureichen, eine Anfrage per E-Mail an
data@depop.com
und geben Sie in der Betreffzeile „California Request to Know“ (Kalifornien – Antrag auf Auskunft) ein. Bitte geben Sie in Ihrer Anfrage an, was genau Sie wissen möchten, einschließlich aller spezifischen personenbezogenen Daten, auf die Sie zugreifen möchten.
Wir werden Sie bitten, uns bestimmte Informationen zur Verfügung zu stellen, um Ihre Identität zu prüfen. Um welche Informationen wir Sie zur Prüfung Ihrer Identität bitten, hängt von Ihren früheren Interaktionen mit uns und von der Sensibilität der entsprechenden personenbezogenen Daten ab. Wir werden Ihre Anfrage in Übereinstimmung mit dem CCPA beantworten. Wenn wir Ihrem Antrag nicht nachkommen, erläutern wir die Gründe dafür.
Bestimmungen gemäß CCPA
Die folgenden Angaben spiegeln unsere Vorgehensweise für die vorhergehenden 12 Monate wider. In Abschnitt 1 dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie (Welche Daten erfassen wir, und wie verwenden wir sie?) werden die Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir von Einwohnern Kaliforniens erfasst haben, und die Zwecke, zu denen wir sie verwenden, genannt.
Diese Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten entsprechen den folgenden Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die in der Definition von „personenbezogenen Daten“ des CCPA aufgeführt sind:
(A) – Bezeichner einschließlich Name, Postanschrift, eindeutige persönliche Kennung, IP-Adresse, E-Mail-Adresse und Kontoname
(B) – Informationen, die Ihre Identifizierung ermöglichen oder möglicherweise mit Ihnen in Verbindung gebracht werden können, einschließlich Zahlungsinformationen
(C) – Informationen zu Ihren religiösen Ansichten, Ihrer ethnischen Herkunft, Ihrem körperlichen und geistigen Gesundheitszustand oder Ihrer sexuellen Orientierung
(D) – Informationen zu erworbenen, erhaltenen oder in Erwägung gezogenen Produkten oder Dienstleistungen sowie weitere Informationen zum Verlauf oder Tendenzen des Kauf- oder Konsumverhaltens
(F) – Informationen zu Aktivitäten im Internet oder anderen elektronischen Netzwerken
(G) – Informationen zum geografischen Standort
(H) – Audio-, elektronische, visuelle oder ähnliche Informationen
(J) – wenn Sie bei Bewerbungen um Arbeitsplätze bei uns einen Lebenslauf mit Informationen zu Ihrer Ausbildung einreichen, solche Bildungsinformationen
(K) – Schlussfolgerungen aus oben aufgeführten Informationen, die Ihre Präferenzen und Eigenschaften widerspiegeln
Wir erfassen personenbezogene Daten direkt von Ihnen. In Abschnitt 5 dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie (An wen geben wir Ihre Daten weiter?) werden die Kategorien von Dritten benannt, an die wir die personenbezogenen Daten von Einwohnern Kaliforniens zu geschäftlichen Zwecken weitergegeben haben. Die Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir weitergeben können, entsprechen den in Abschnitt 1 dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie (Welche Daten erfassen wir, und wie verwenden wir sie?) genannten Kategorien. Diese Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten entsprechen den Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die in der Definition von „personenbezogenen Daten“ des CCPA aufgeführt sind und weiter oben in diesem Abschnitt genannt werden.
Wir beauftragen Drittanbieter als Werbepartner damit, für uns Werbekampagnen durchzuführen, und geben bestimmte personenbezogene Daten an sie weiter, welche sie zu ihren eigenen internen Zwecken verwenden können. Weitere Informationen zu dieser Weitergabe finden Sie in Abschnitt 3 dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie (Werbung in dem Service und auf anderen Websites) und unter dem Punkt „Werbepartner“ in Abschnitt 5 (An wen geben wir Ihre Daten weiter?) weiter oben. Dementsprechend „verkaufen“ (gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs im CCPA) wir personenbezogene Daten an unsere Werbepartner. Die in diesem Kontext relevanten Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten entsprechen den folgenden Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die in der Definition von „personenbezogenen Daten“ des CCPA aufgeführt sind:
(A) – Bezeichner einschließlich Online-Bezeichner und IP-Adresse
(B) – Informationen, die Ihre Identifizierung ermöglichen oder möglicherweise mit Ihnen in Verbindung gebracht werden können
(F) – Informationen zu Aktivitäten im Internet oder anderen elektronischen Netzwerken
(K) – Schlussfolgerungen aus oben aufgeführten Informationen, die Ihre Präferenzen und Eigenschaften widerspiegeln
Bei Benutzern, von denen wir wissen, dass sie zwischen 13 und 15 Jahre alt sind, holen wir vor einem solchen Verkauf eine Einwilligung ein. Sie können einem solchen Verkauf widersprechen, indem Sie unser Formular „Do Not Sell My Personal Information“ (Verkaufen Sie nicht meine personenbezogenen Daten) ausfüllen, das auf Anfrage erhältlich ist, oder Ihren Antrag per E-Mail an
data@depop.com
richten. Bevor wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten an unsere Werbepartner unterlassen, können wir Sie um Informationen bitten, um Ihre Identität zu überprüfen.
Recht auf Beantragung der Löschung von personenbezogenen Daten
Sie sind berechtigt, die Löschung von personenbezogenen Daten zu beantragen, die wir von Ihnen erfassen oder pflegen. Senden Sie, um einen Antrag auf die Löschung von personenbezogenen Daten einzureichen, eine Anfrage per E-Mail an
data@depop.com
und geben Sie in der Betreffzeile „California Request to Delete“ (Kalifornien – Antrag auf Löschung) ein. Sie können Anträge auch per Post an folgende Anschrift einreichen: Depop Limited, 9th Floor, 107 Cheapside, London, Vereinigtes Königreich, EC2V 6DN. Bitte geben Sie in Ihrem Antrag an, welche Daten im Einzelnen gelöscht werden sollen.
Wir werden Sie bitten, uns bestimmte Informationen zur Verfügung zu stellen, um Ihre Identität zu prüfen. Um welche Informationen wir Sie zur Prüfung Ihrer Identität bitten, hängt von Ihren früheren Interaktionen mit uns und von der Sensibilität der entsprechenden personenbezogenen Daten ab. Wir werden Ihre Anfrage in Übereinstimmung mit dem CCPA beantworten. Wenn wir Ihrem Antrag nicht nachkommen, erläutern wir die Gründe dafür.
Recht auf Nichtdiskriminierung aufgrund der Ausübung der Datenschutzrechte eines Verbrauchers
Sie dürfen nicht aufgrund der Ausübung Ihrer Rechte gemäß dem CCPA diskriminiert werden.
Bevollmächtigter
Sie können einen Bevollmächtigten benennen, der unter gewissen Umständen in Ihrem Namen einen Antrag gemäß dem CCPA stellen kann. Wenn Sie zu diesem Zweck auf einen Bevollmächtigten zurückgreifen, können wir verlangen, dass Sie Ihre Identität nachweisen oder dem Bevollmächtigten eine schriftliche Genehmigung zur Einreichung eines Antrags gemäß dem CCPA in Ihrem Namen ausstellen. Wenn Sie einen Bevollmächtigten mit einer Vollmacht gemäß Probate Code Absatz 4000 bis 4465 ausstatten, ist es möglicherweise nicht nötig, diese Schritte durchzuführen, und wir beantworten jeden Antrag eines solchen Bevollmächtigten in Übereinstimmung mit dem CCPA.
Entfernung der Inhalte von Minderjährigen
Nach dem California Business and Professions Code sind wir verpflichtet, Informationen dazu bereitzustellen, wie registrierte Nutzer unter 18 Jahren, deren Wohnsitz in Kalifornien liegt, bestimmte Inhalte oder Informationen, die sie in unseren Services gepostet haben, entfernen lassen können.
Wenn Ihr Wohnsitz in Kalifornien liegt, Sie jünger als 18 Jahre und ein registrierter Nutzer unseres Service sind, erlaubt Ihnen Absatz 22581 des California Business and Professions Code das Beantragen einer Entfernung von Inhalten oder Informationen, die Sie in unserem Service gepostet und einem oder mehreren anderen Nutzern zugänglich gemacht haben.
Bitte senden Sie, wenn Sie einen solchen Antrag stellen möchten, eine E-Mail mit einer detaillierten Beschreibung der entsprechenden Inhalte oder Informationen, die Sie entfernen möchten, an
data@depop.com
. Beachten Sie bitte, dass ein solcher Antrag keine Garantie für eine vollständige oder umfassende Entfernung der Inhalte oder Informationen darstellt, die Sie gepostet haben, und dass eine Entfernung, selbst wenn sie beantragt wird, unter Umständen rechtlich nicht erforderlich oder zulässig ist.
Prev
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Next
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Table of contents
Datenschutzrichtlinie (Privacy Policy)
Datenschutzrichtlinie (Privacy Policy)
Sie können die Sicherheit Ihres Kontos zusätzlich erhöhen, indem Sie die Zwei-Schritt-Verifizierung aktivieren.
Articles in this section
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
See more
Return to top
Depop Protection, Shipping, Tracking
Sub-policy 3
https://depophelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/articles/4417866658193-Politique-de-confidentialit%C3%A9-Privacy-Policy:
Skip to main content
Depop help
Terms of Service
Policies
Buying
Getting Started
Depop Protection for Buyers
Saved Searches
How do I buy an item?
Why am I seeing ‘Boosted’ listings in my Search?
How do I buy safely on Depop?
My Purchases
What is Depop’s return policy?
I haven't received my item and I paid via Depop Payments (card payments)
I haven't received my item
I haven't received my item I purchased less than a week ago
My item is not as described
Can I update my address?
Resolution Centre as a Buyer
My purchase is not as described
How do I get a refund?
The seller I purchased from is no longer active
What happens after I make a purchase?
The item I purchased isn't showing in my purchased items
I haven't received part of my bundle
Payments FAQs
Marketplace fee for buyers
Will I have to pay for tax or customs on my order?
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - UK
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - US
Do I need to use PayPal?
How will I know if I've paid by Depop Payments?
PayPal Authentication when checking out
Customs and Import Fees
Selling
Listing Guide
Repop
Web Bulk Listing tool
A guide to the pre-listing pricing inspiration tool
Simple tips for taking great photos of your listings
How to find items to list
Getting your description right
"Style Attributes"
Frequently Asked Questions: Depop Search
Promote like a pro
Listing on Depop
How to take great photos and videos
Selling Guide
Accelerated Program
What are Boosted Listings and how can I manage them?
What is Boost Shop?
How do I manage my Boosted Listings?
Suggested Sellers
How do I sell safely on Depop?
How much does Boosted Listings cost?
Boosted Listings Policy
First-time seller
A new home for selling on Depop
Depop Seller Guide
How do I change the currency of my items?
Why is my item inactive?
My Sales
Depop Protection for sellers
Resolution Centre as a Seller
Where are my sold items?
UK sellers: How do I get paid?
US sellers: How do I get paid
AU sellers: How do I get paid?
Shop Stats
I haven't received my payment
Seller fees and charges
My buyer hasn't received their item
The buyer said the item is 'not as described'
How do I get a Depop fee refund?
How do I refund a buyer?
How do I delete or leave feedback?
How to use your sales download
Depop Payments
Depop Payments
What is the Resolution Centre?
Why haven’t I received my payout?
AU sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Learn more about how payouts works
US sellers: When will my Payout be deposited in my bank account?
AU sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
UK sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
Payout on Delivery in the UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - US
How do I change my bank details?
Learn more about signing up as a charity or business
Depop Protection for Sellers
Depop Payments - Direct Debit Policy
Adjustments
Why do I need a direct debit for Depop Payments? (UK Only)
PayPal Payments
Paypal Seller Dispute Fee
I don't recognise a fee or charge
Why did Depop take money from my PayPal account?
What is an eCheque?
Payments - PayPal
Tax Help
Canada CRA reporting - What do I need to know
Do I have to pay tax on my Depop income?
Customs fees and tax collection as a seller
UK HMRC Reporting - What do I need to know?
DAC7: What do I need to know?
Receiving your 1099-K from Stripe: FAQs
US State Sales Tax on Depop Orders - FAQ
My Account
Account Set Up
Why does Depop need my date of birth?
Depop to join the Etsy family - FAQ
What is two-factor authentication (2FA) and how does it work on Depop
What is Depop?
Do I need to provide my email or phone number to sell an item?
How old do I have to be to use Depop?
How do I sign up to Depop?
Phone verification
What does the blue tick mean?
Managing My Account
Feedback on Depop
How do I reset my password
How do I change my username?
I can't contact a user
Why has my item been removed?
How do I block another user?
How do I edit my account details?
How to share a shop or listing with others
How can I delete my Depop account?
How can I connect my social accounts?
Account Access Issues
How do I log into Depop
I'm locked out of my account
I forgot my password
Why has my account been suspended?
I received an email about a recent sign-in to Depop
Shipping
Shipping Guide - US
German Packaging Law (VerpackG) Obligations for Sellers
EcoEnclose + Depop packaging FAQ
Shipping Guide - UK
Shipping Guide - AU
Shipping Guide - Worldwide
USPS Shipping Policy - US
UK Shipping Policy
Bundles - Shipping US
Bundles - Shipping UK
Sustainable packaging tips
Payments
Using Klarna on Depop in the United Kingdom
Using Klarna on Depop in the United States
Do I need to make a PayPal account to buy items?
Learn more about how to set up Depop Payments
Learn more about Depop Balance, top-up card and adjustments
Learn more about how to stay protected as a seller
Learn more about returns and refunds
Tools and Features
Introducing the Debot - the Depop Virtual Assistant!
Outfits Feed Policy
Send Offer: How it works
Vacation Mode: How it Works
How Depop ranks search results and recommends listings
Make Offer: How it Works
Depop Collections
Bundles on Depop
How do I get featured on the Explore page?
How do discounts work?
Technical Issues
Technical Issues
Latest App Versions
New Depop Virtual Assistant
Reporting a bug: How it works & what to expect
I can't list an item
I can't buy an item
Depop app requirements - lowest operating system
Unable to log in or sign up to Depop with Facebook
Shipping label (US Specific)
My Depop app isn't working
I can't connect my PayPal
Safety
Content Policies
Content Moderation at Depop
Abuse, Bullying and Harassment Policy
Dropshipping Policy
Electronics Policy
Face Mask Policy
Graphic and Violent Imagery Policy
Hate Speech and Discrimination Policy
Nudity Policy
Restricted and Hazardous Content Policy
What are 'stock images'?
Sexually Inappropriate Content & Behaviour Policy
Seller Misrepresentation Policy
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) in France
Resources
Community Guidelines
Tips for parents and guardians
Tips for young people
Wellbeing Resource Hub
Transacting Safely
How to buy and sell safely on Depop
How can I swap or trade safely?
What does Depop class as 'significantly not as described'?
How to report a listing
How to report or block a user
Meet in person
Account Security
Keeping your account safe - Your Depop Security Checklist
Managing two-factor authentication (2FA)
Two-factor authentication (2FA) | FAQs
Password security
I've received a suspicious message from another user, or a suspicious email claiming to be Depop
Partnerships
Our Partnerships
How does Depop support charities that want to set up a Depop shop?
Terms of Service
Policies
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
What is GDPR?
EU Digital Services Act
Job Candidate Privacy Notice
European Union Regulation addressing the dissemination of terrorist content online
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Datenschutzrichtlinie (Privacy Policy)
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Politique de confidentialité (Privacy Policy)
Social and environmental expectations for sellers using third parties to manufacture items
European Union Platform-to-Business Regulation on Depop
DMCA Notice Requirements
Terms of Service (archive)
Toggle navigation
Politique de confidentialité
Mise à jour : 15 octobre 2021
Nous sommes Depop.
Le présent document constitue notre Politique de confidentialité. Prenez-en connaissance afin d'en savoir plus sur nous et sur notre utilisation de vos données. N'hésitez pas à nous faire savoir si vous avez besoin d'aide pour comprendre son contenu.
Nous sommes Depop Limited (
Depop
,
nous
,
notre
ou
nôtre
) et nous exploitons l'application Depop et le site web Depop. Notre adresse est The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol, England, BS13 8FD.
Nous souhaitons expliquer la manière dont nous utilisons les informations personnelles à votre sujet (vos
données
).
Depop est accessible via notre application ou notre site web (le
Service
). Lorsque vous utilisez notre Service, nous collecterons et utiliserons des données à votre sujet. Nous avons rédigé la présente Politique de confidentialité afin de vous expliquer les données que nous collectons, la manière dont nous les utilisons et les choix dont vous disposez en ce qui concerne vos données.
Nous utilisons également des cookies, c'est-à-dire des fichiers stockés sur votre dispositif, et des informations d'accès. Vous pouvez obtenir d'autres informations sur la manière dont nous utilisons les cookies et sur les motifs de cette utilisation dans notre
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires
.
Si vous êtes résident de l'Etat de Californie, merci de consulter également nos avis de divulgation en matière de confidentialité (California Privacy Disclosures)
ici
.
Quelles données collectons-nous et comment les utilisons-nous ?
Nous collectons vos données lorsque vous vous inscrivez sur Depop et lorsque vous utilisez notre Service. Nous utilisons vos données afin que vous puissiez utiliser le Service et pouvons, à l'occasion, utilisons vos données aux fins de respecter nos obligations légales ou pour toutes autres raisons légitimes. Nous pouvons également avoir à vous demander votre consentement avant d'utiliser vos données.
Nous collectons des données à votre sujet lorsque vous utilisez notre Service ou lorsque vous nous les communiquez, par exemple lorsque vous :
vous inscrivez pour utiliser le Service ;
mettez un article en vente ou vendez ou achetez un article ;
consultez, aimez, enregistrez, recherchez ou commentez un article, ou communiquez avec d'autres utilisateurs ;
vous inscrivez à nos courriels promotionnels et à nos notifications push ;
remplissez un formulaire ou une enquête ;
participez à une compétition ou profitez d'une promotion.
Nous avons besoin d'un fondement juridique pour collecter et utiliser vos données. Nous utilisons principalement vos données pour exécuter le contrat (les
Conditions d'utilisation du service
) que nous avons conclu avec vous afin que vous puissiez utiliser notre Service.
Nous pouvons également collecter et utiliser vos données si nous :
y sommes obligés par la loi ;
avons obtenu votre consentement ;
avons un motif légitime de le faire, d'une manière pouvant être raisonnablement attendue dans le cadre de l'exécution de nos activités (c'est-à-dire un intérêt légitime), sous réserve que vos intérêts et droits fondamentaux ne prévalent pas sur nos motifs légitimes.
Nous avons regroupé ci-dessous d'autres informations relatives aux types de données que nous collectons et à la raison pour laquelle nous les utilisons.
Coordonnées et preuve d'identité
Lors de l'ouverture de votre compte, vous nous communiquerez vos coordonnées, notamment votre nom, adresse email, numéro de téléphone et adresse.
Nous utilisons ces coordonnées afin de pouvoir vous contacter :
au sujet des produits que vous achetez et vendez par le biais du Service ;
au sujet des demandes, problèmes et doutes que vous ou d'autres utilisateurs pouvez avoir ;
si vous participez à un concours ou profitez d'une promotion ;
pour vous demander de remplir un formulaire ou une enquête ;
pour vous envoyer des communications promotionnelles.
Si vous traitez avec un acheteur ou un vendeur Depop, nous lui communiquerons vos coordonnées. Il s'agit d'un aspect essentiel des achats et ventes et de l'utilisation de notre Service.
Nous collectons également votre date de naissance lorsque vous créez un compte, que nous utilisons dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes afin de vérifier vos coordonnées, de comprendre la tranche d'âge de nos utilisateurs et de leur offrir un service adapté à celle-ci, et de proposer une assistance à nos utilisateurs.
Lorsque nous ne pouvons pas confirmer votre identité à l'aide des autres informations que nous détenons à votre sujet ou que vous nous avez communiquées, nous pouvons vous demander de nous envoyer des copies de vos pièces d'identité, que nous utiliserons simultanément à vos coordonnées. Nous utiliserons ces données dans le cadre de notre intérêt légitime afin de vérifier vos coordonnées et de contribuer à empêcher tout accès frauduleux au Service ou toute utilisation de votre compte.
Commentaires et avis
Si vous nous contactez, par exemple par email, téléphone, courrier ou formulaire en ligne, nous collecterons les commentaires et avis que vous nous communiquez.
Nous collectons également les données que vous nous fournissez, qui incluent vos commentaires et avis, lorsque vous :
remplissez un formulaire ou une enquête ;
participez à une compétition ou profitez d'une promotion ;
publiez sur des groupes de discussion ou autres zones de messagerie.
Nous utilisons les commentaires et avis dans le cadre de notre intérêt légitime lorsque nous souhaitons répondre à tout autre problème, doute ou question, ainsi que pour améliorer notre Service, pour vous et pour les autres utilisateurs.
Si vous remplissez des formulaires ou enquêtes, participez à des concours ou profitez de promotions, ou publiez sur des groupes de discussion ou autres zones de messagerie, nous utilisons vos données, notamment vos commentaires et avis, pour nous aider à déterminer les produits ou services qui pourraient vous intéresser et pour vous envoyer des messages promotionnels à leur sujet. D'autres informations relatives aux messages promotionnels sont disponibles
ici
.
Concours et promotions
Nous collectons les données que vous nous fournissez lorsque vous participez à un concours ou profitez d'une promotion. Nous utilisons ces données aux fins d'organiser les concours ou promotions auxquels vous êtes inscrit.
Ces données peuvent inclure vos coordonnées, notamment votre nom et toute autre information fournie dans le cadre de votre inscription au concours ou à la promotion, ainsi que les commentaires ou avis communiqués.
Si vous remportez un concours ou une promotion, notre intérêt légitime nous permet d'utiliser vos données dans le cadre de publicités concernant le concours ou la promotion. Il peut s'agir de votre nom, identifiant Depop, photographies, portrait, voix, avis et informations de votre biographie.
Votre contenu et vos images
Nous collectons votre contenu, qui peut inclure des images présentant des données personnelles, lorsque vous nous le communiquez volontairement dans le cadre de votre utilisation du Service. Nous pouvons utiliser votre contenu et/ou vos images dans nos campagnes marketing en ligne et hors ligne, qui peuvent être lancées par des tiers pour notre compte, sous réserve de l'autorisation que vous nous octroyez s'agissant desdites images et dudit contenu en vertu de nos
Conditions d'utilisation du service
.
Nous traitons vos données personnelles à ces fins, soit sur la base de nos intérêts légitimes afin de promouvoir Depop dans nos publicités et campagnes promotionnelles, soit avec votre consentement.
Messagerie interne, commentaires et description des articles
Si vous envoyez des messages internes ou publiez des avis, ou si vous rédigez des descriptions d'articles, nous pouvons accéder, stocker et examiner ceux-ci :
afin de nous aider à exécuter une commande passée via notre Service ;
pour répondre aux problèmes, doutes, demandes ou litiges soulevés par les utilisateurs et pour résoudre les litiges ;
si nous estimons que les messages sont contraires à nos
Conditions d'utilisation du service
ou montrent que vous avez agi de manière contraire à nos
Conditions d'utilisation du service
, par exemple à des fins de prévention de la fraude et/ou de sécurité de nos utilisateurs.
Paiement et transactions
Nous collectons des données, notamment des informations de paiement, s'agissant des articles que vous achetez ou vendez et des modes de paiement que vous utilisez pour payer les articles et recevoir les fonds correspondant aux articles vendus.
Si vous achetez quelque chose à l'aide de notre Service, votre identifiant, votre nom, votre adresse de livraison, votre adresse email et votre numéro de téléphone, communiqués lors du paiement, seront partagés avec le vendeur aux fins d'exécuter votre commande. Néanmoins, abstenez-vous de communiquer directement vos coordonnées aux vendeurs et, si vous avez un doute ou des inquiétudes, n'hésitez pas nous contacter à l'aide des coordonnées figurant au paragraphe
Nous contacter
.
Si vous avez recours à l'un de nos partenaires de paiement, notamment Depop Payments via Stripe, vous autorisez Depop à transférer toute information et instruction de paiement communiquée par vos soins (notamment votre nom, adresse email, identifiant de client unique, numéro de commande, coordonnées bancaires, informations relatives à votre carte bancaire, date d'expiration de votre carte, code de vérification, date/heure/montant de la transaction, nom/identifiant du marchand et emplacement) dans la mesure nécessaire pour exécuter des paiements par le biais du Service. Nos chargés d'assistance et notre équipe de modérateurs auront également accès à ces informations pour traiter et exécuter les transactions et analyser les remboursements.
Nos partenaires de paiement peuvent également collecter vos informations, notamment les informations recueillies par des cookies et autres méthodes similaires, dans la mesure nécessaire pour traiter les transactions ou satisfaire aux exigences de sécurité.
Nous utilisons également les informations relatives à vos transactions et votre historique d'achat pour nous aider à identifier les produits et services qui pourraient vous intéresser et pour vous envoyer des messages promotionnels à ce sujet. Vous pouvez d'autres informations au sujet des messages promotionnels
ici
.
Données extraites des réseaux sociaux
Si vous connectez votre compte Depop à un compte sur un réseau social, par exemple Facebook ou tout autre réseau social, nous collecterons des données à votre sujet auprès du réseau social. Nous procéderons conformément aux paramètres de confidentialité que vous avez activés sur ledit réseau social.
Les données que nous pouvons recevoir incluent votre nom, identifiant ou pseudonyme, photo de profil, sexe, nom d'utilisateur, identifiant d'utilisateur, âge ou tranche d'âge, langue, pays, liste d'amis, liste d'abonnés et toute autre information que vous acceptez de partager.
Nous utilisons ces données pour nous aider à créer votre profil public sur notre Service, et pour vous permettre de partager vos expériences sur notre Service avec vos amis, abonnés ou contacts sur le réseau social auquel votre compte Depop est connecté.
Si vous le souhaitez, nous pouvons également utiliser vos données pour vous envoyer des informations qui pourraient vous intéresser sur le réseau social ou pour vous informer de toute promotion dont vous profitez. Nous ne publierons pas sur votre réseau social et ne contacterons pas vos amis, abonnés ou contacts sans votre autorisation.
Vos relations avec les autres utilisateurs
Nous collecterons des données au sujet des utilisateurs que vous suivez (et au sujet des utilisateurs qui vous suivent) sur notre Service. Nous agissons ainsi pour vous proposer des articles dans vos résultats de recherche, des recommandations ou des suggestions dans votre fil qui pourraient vous intéresser. Nous avons recours à la technologie (un algorithme) pour nous aider.
Si un compte a été bloqué ou interdit, nous stockons également ces données. Ce stockage s'inscrit dans le cadre de notre intérêt légitime, afin d'appliquer nos
Conditions d'utilisation du service
et de permettre aux utilisateurs de gérer les personnes qui peuvent les contacter sur notre Service.
Connexion au site web et à l'application
Lorsque vous créez un compte et que vous vous connectez, nous collecterons votre identifiant, votre mot de passe et les informations relatives à votre dispositif. Il relève de notre intérêt légitime d'utiliser ces données pour faire en sorte que votre compte soit sécurisé.
Si vous décidez de vous connecter à l'aide d'un réseau social, par exemple l'outil de connexion Facebook ou toute autre méthode de connexion tierce, nous ne recevons pas votre mot de passe ou autres informations de connexion à ces réseaux sociaux ou autres services tiers. Toutefois, nous pouvons recevoir certaines informations de la part de ces services tiers, en fonction du compte avec lequel vous choisissez de vous connecter. Par exemple, en fonction du service tiers que vous choisissez d'utiliser et de vos paramètres sur ce service, nous pouvons recevoir l'adresse email enregistrée auprès de ce service tiers.
Vous devez protéger votre identifiant et votre mot de passe et ne pas les partager avec une quelconque autre personne. Vous êtes responsable des actions effectuées à l'aide de votre identifiant et de votre mot de passe. Si vous estimez que quelqu'un a accès à votre mot de passe ou à votre compte, vous devez nous en informer immédiatement et modifier votre mot de passe.
Vous pouvez ajouter un niveau de sécurité supplémentaire à votre compte en activant la validation en deux étapes.
Votre dispositif
Nous collecterons des informations au sujet du dispositif que vous utilisez pour accéder au Service. Ce dispositif peut prendre la forme d'un ordinateur, d'un smartphone ou de tout autre dispositif électronique à partir duquel vous accédez au Service.
Il peut s'agir du type d'appareil, du numéro d'identification unique du dispositif (par exemple identifiant Android ou identifiant Apple ou empreinte digitale du navigateur), du système d'exploitation utilisé sur l'appareil, des navigateurs et applications utilisés pour se connecter au Service sur votre dispositif, de votre fournisseur d'accès à Internet ou réseau mobile, de votre adresse IP et du numéro de téléphone associé à votre dispositif (le cas échéant).
Si vous êtes connecté à un compte enregistré, ces informations peuvent vous être associées.
Nous utilisons les informations relatives à votre dispositif afin de garantir que le Service soit présenté et fonctionne correctement sur votre appareil. Nous nous servons également des informations relatives au dispositif dans le cadre de notre intérêt légitime, afin de nous assurer que les utilisateurs exclus ne puissent pas accéder au Service en créant un nouveau compte, et pour détecter et analyser les activités d'utilisateurs potentiellement suspicieux, afin de protéger notre Service et les autres utilisateurs de notre Service.
Vos préférences
Nous utilisons les préférences et paramètres de notification que vous avez choisis pour :
vous envoyer des notifications ;
vous envoyer des communications promotionnelles ;
modifier la manière dont notre application et/ou notre site web vous sont présentés ;
modifier le contenu que vous consultez par le biais de notre Service.
Comment vous connecter et utiliser notre Service ?
Nous collectons des données au sujet de la manière dont vous utilisez notre Service. Il s'agit notamment :
des profils que vous avez consultés ;
des articles que vous avez mis en vente, consultés, achetés, vendus, recherchés, enregistrés, partagés, aimés ou commentés ;
de l'heure à laquelle vous avez accédé à notre Service et de la durée de votre utilisation ;
du site web vous ayant redirigé sur notre site ou du site web que vous avez consulté après notre site ;
de tout choix effectué par vos soins dans le cadre de l'utilisation de notre Service.
Nous utilisons ces données (avec l'aide de tout prestataire de services d'analyse tiers) pour :
comprendre la manière dont notre Service est utilisé, ce que nous utilisons dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes afin d'améliorer notre Service ;
vous présenter vos fils d'actualités et résultats de recherche sur notre Service et organiser les résultats d'une manière adaptée à vos besoins. Nous avons recours à une technologie (un algorithme) qui utilise vos préférences et, lorsque vous avez donné votre consentement pour que nous obtenions vos données de géolocalisation, votre emplacement ;
présenter vos articles aux acheteurs potentiels les plus pertinents. Nous avons recours à la technologie (un algorithme) pour ce faire.
vous envoyer des astuces et autres notifications qui, selon nous, pourraient vous aider à améliorer votre expérience du Service ;
déterminer si nos campagnes marketing ou promotions ont été performantes ;
vous envoyer des communications promotionnelles (notamment par email) au sujet des produits et services qui pourraient vous intéresser ;
détecter ou empêcher tout manquement à nos
Conditions générales du service
.
Situation géographique
Si vous nous avez donné votre autorisation, par exemple via les paramètres de votre dispositif le cas échéant, nous collectons et utilisons vos informations de géolocalisation pour vous proposer des fonctionnalités du Service adaptées à vos besoins et à votre emplacement. Nous pouvons utiliser les autres informations dont nous disposons, simultanément à votre géolocalisation, pour ce faire. Cette méthode nous aide par exemple à rechercher des articles en vente dans votre région.
Si vous changez d'avis et que vous ne souhaitez plus nous autoriser à utiliser vos informations de géolocalisation, vous pouvez modifier vos préférences dans les paramètres de votre dispositif à tout moment.
Autres utilisateurs
Parfois, d'autres utilisateurs de notre Service peuvent communiquer des données à votre sujet, notamment des commentaires, avis et mentions « j'aime » s'agissant de vos articles et messages qu'ils vous envoient.
D'autres utilisateurs peuvent également partager des informations au sujet d'un article qu'ils vous ont acheté sur d'autres réseaux sociaux qui redirigent vers Depop. Toutefois, ces informations sont déjà dans le domaine public.
Si des utilisateurs souhaitent vous inviter à utiliser notre Service ou à partager des informations concernant notre Service, nous utiliserons les données communiquées à votre sujet pour les aider à procéder ainsi. Nous n'agirons ainsi que si ces utilisateurs nous ont indiqué que vous avez accepté qu'ils vous contactent de cette manière.
Activités frauduleuses ou pénalement répréhensibles
Nous nous appuyons sur des données au sujet des activités frauduleuses ou pénalement répréhensibles liées à votre utilisation de notre Service. Nous avons recours à ces données dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes dans le but de détecter et empêcher la fraude et toute activité criminelle, et pour respecter nos obligations légales. Nous pouvons surveiller les données que vous fournissez pour détecter toute fraude potentielle, tous abus ou manquements à nos
Conditions d'utilisation du service
, notamment vos fiches produit (description, prix), messages, informations relatives à votre profil d'utilisateur, emplacement, informations relatives au compte lié et/ou identifiant du dispositif, ainsi que pour détecter les utilisateurs pouvant avoir été antérieurement exclus de notre Service. Nous pouvons utiliser ces informations aux fins d'exclure automatiquement certains utilisateurs de notre Service afin de protéger ce dernier.
Autres utilisations de vos données
Nous utiliserons les données collectées pour :
surveiller et améliorer notre Service ;
nous aider à développer de nouveaux produits et services.
Lorsque nous utilisons vos données à ces fins, aucune donnée n'étant pas déjà disponible publiquement sur notre Service ne sera rendue publique.
Nous utilisons également vos données pour résoudre les litiges entre les utilisateurs, offrir une assistance à nos utilisateurs, dépanner et résoudre les problèmes, et pour appliquer nos
Conditions d'utilisation du service
.
Données sensibles
Nous pouvons collecter des données sensibles, notamment des informations au sujet de vos croyances religieuses, votre origine ou votre appartenance ethnique, vos caractéristiques physiques ou de santé mentale ou votre orientation sexuelle.
Nous collectons et utilisons ces données avec votre consentement explicite, par exemple lorsque vous participez à une enquête. Avec votre autorisation, nous pouvons vous faire apparaître ou faire apparaître votre profil dans des publicités et campagnes promotionnelles et vous faire apparaître ou faire apparaître votre profil sur notre Service. La communication de vos données sensibles à ces fins se fait exclusivement sur la base du volontariat.
Nous pouvons également collecter et utiliser ces données pour respecter les réglementations et orientations gouvernementales.
Si vous publiez vos propres données sensibles sur le Service (notamment lorsque vous déclarez vous-mêmes certains types de données sensibles sur le Service), vous reconnaissez que vous rendez délibérément ces données publiques, à votre entière discrétion, et que nous pouvons les utiliser aux fins susmentionnées. Nous pouvons supprimer lesdites données, ou vous demander de les effacer, de notre Service à tout moment.
Vos préférences marketing
Nous pouvons vous envoyer des emails au sujet des produits et services qui, selon nous, pourraient vous intéresser, mais vous pouvez toujours nous faire part de votre souhait de ne plus les recevoir.
Si vous nous donnez votre autorisation, nous vous enverrons des notifications push et partagerons votre adresse email avec les tiers pour lesquels vous nous avez indiqué votre volonté d'être informé de leurs produits et services. Lorsque vous nous donnez votre autorisation, vous pouvez toujours changer d'avis à une date ultérieure.
Email
: nous pouvons vous contacter par email au sujet de nos produits et services. Si vous ne souhaitez pas que nous vous contactions par email pour vous envoyer des messages promotionnels, vous pouvez vous désinscrire de nos emails promotionnels en cliquant sur le lien de désinscription figurant dans les messages que nous vous envoyons.
Notifications push
: si vous nous donnez l'autorisation de vous envoyer des notifications push dans les paramètres de votre dispositif, nous vous enverrons ces notifications depuis notre Service. Vous pouvez modifier les paramètres de vos notifications push à tout moment dans les paramètres de votre dispositif ou via l'application Depop.
Tiers
: si vous nous avez donné votre autorisation, nous pouvons partager votre adresse email avec certains tiers afin qu'ils puissent vous envoyer des messages par email au sujet de leurs produits et services. Si vous nous donnez l'autorisation, mais que vous changez d'avis par la suite et que vous ne souhaitez plus que nous partagions votre adresse email avec des tiers, vous pouvez nous le faire savoir en nous contactant via notre centre d'aide
ici
.
Publicité sur le Service et d'autres sites Internet
Nous pouvons utiliser vos données pour vous proposer des publicités, à la fois sur le Service et d'autres sites Internet, pour des produits qui, selon nous, pourraient vous intéresser. Il s'agit généralement d'utiliser des Cookies, de petits fichiers stockés sur votre dispositif lorsque vous consultez un site web. D'autres informations sont disponibles dans notre
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires
.
Nous pouvons, et les partenaires publicitaires avec lesquels nous travaillons peuvent, vous proposer des publicités sur le Service ou d'autres sites Internet en utilisant vos données pour vous présenter des produits qui, selon nous, pourraient vous intéresser. Ces publicités peuvent se trouver sur le Service ou sur d'autres sites Internet ou applications (lorsque notre partenaire y possède un espace publicitaire).
Notre méthode consiste à collecter des données sur la manière dont vous utilisez le Service et les autres pages web, ainsi que sur le contenu et les publicités avec lesquels vous, ou les autres personnes qui se servent de votre appareil, interagissent, consultent ou visualisent.  Ces informations peuvent inclure l'adresse IP du dispositif que vous utilisez pour accéder au Service.
Nous pouvons partager ce type de données avec nos partenaires publicitaires pour nous aider à évaluer les performances de nos publicités.
Nous pouvons partager certaines informations avec des plateformes tierces comme Facebook, TikTok, Snapchat et Google afin de nous permettre de mieux cibler nos publicités sur ces plateformes tierces et de les adapter aux utilisateurs de notre Service étant également des utilisateurs de ces plateformes ou aux personnes consultant ces plateformes qui présentent des caractéristiques similaires aux utilisateurs de notre Service.
En outre, nous pouvons utiliser les informations que nous collectons via l'application Depop pour créer des « groupes d'audience » aux fins de nos publicités sur des plateformes tierces. Dans ces circonstances, nous pouvons partager certaines informations avec des fournisseurs de plateformes tierces afin de nous permettre de mieux cibler nos publicités en fonction des utilisateurs de ces plateformes. Les plateformes tierces possèdent leurs propres politiques de confidentialité, que nous vous encourageons à consulter.
Des cookies et technologies similaires sont généralement utilisés pour proposer ce type de publicités. Vous pouvez obtenir d'autres informations sur les cookies que nous utilisons et sur les motifs de cette utilisation, ainsi que sur la gestion de vos paramètres de cookies dans notre
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires
.
Quelles données les autres utilisateurs peuvent-ils voir par le biais du Service ?
Lorsque vous utilisez notre Service, certaines de vos données sont publiques et sont visibles des autres utilisateurs. Il s'agit notamment de vos informations de profil, par exemple votre identifiant, votre photo de profil, votre emplacement (ville et pays), les personnes que vous suivez et celles qui sont abonnées à votre profil. Les informations concernant les articles que vous mettez en vente et les avis que vous laissez sont publics. Certaines de vos actions sur notre Service, par exemple l'achat ou la vente d'un article, sont également publiques. Ces informations sont publiques afin de permettre aux acheteurs et aux vendeurs d'utiliser notre Service, notamment afin qu'ils puissent prendre des décisions éclairées au sujet des achats et des ventes. Si vous le souhaitez, nous indiquerons sur les réseaux sociaux que vous avez associés au Service que vous utilisez le Service.
Notre Service aide les utilisateurs à interagir les uns avec les autres. Pour ce faire, certaines données générées par le biais du Service sont partagées avec les autres utilisateurs du Service.
Profil d'utilisateur :
lorsque vous créez un compte, le Service vous crée un profil. Les données figurant sur votre profil d'utilisateur sont disponibles publiquement. Il s'agit notamment de votre identifiant, de votre emplacement (ville et pays), de vos abonnés et des personnes que vous suivez, ainsi que d'informations au sujet des articles mis en vente.
Vous pouvez aussi choisir d'ajouter des précisions à votre profil, par exemple une photo, une description ou une biographie et une adresse de site web. Si vous ajoutez ces éléments à votre profil, ils seront également disponibles publiquement.
De manière générale, nous ne communiquons pas les adresses email des utilisateurs aux autres membres. Toutefois, nous pouvons transférer votre adresse email (ainsi que d'autres informations) à un vendeur à qui vous avez acheté un article, dans la mesure où cela est nécessaire pour exécuter votre commande.
Fiches produit des articles :
si vous mettez un article en vente sur le Service, toute information ajoutée à la fiche produit sera visible publiquement. Il s'agit des photographies et vidéos, du prix et de la description de l'article.
Les avis ou liens laissés par d'autres utilisateurs sur la fiche produit de votre article, et les réponses, commentaires ou images que vous publiez seront également visibles.
D'autres utilisateurs peuvent partager un lien vers un article qu'ils vous ont acheté sur le Service sur d'autres réseaux sociaux associés au Service.
Votre activité sur le Service
: par défaut, certaines de vos activités sur le Service sont publiques. Ces activités incluent le fait de vous abonner à un utilisateur, qu'un utilisateur s'abonne à vous, de commenter ou d'ajouter une mention « j'aime » sur un article, de mettre un article en vente, de vendre un article, d'acheter un article, de laisser un avis sur un article ou de recevoir un avis. Ces activités sont publiques afin de permettre aux acheteurs et aux vendeurs d'utiliser notre Service, notamment afin qu'ils puissent prendre des décisions éclairées au sujet des achats et des ventes.
Réseaux sociaux associés au Service
: si vous l'avez décidé, nous publierons des informations au sujet de votre utilisation du Service sur les réseaux sociaux que vous avez associés au Service.
Avec qui partageons-nous vos données ?
Nous pouvons partager vos données, par exemple avec d'autres sociétés faisant partie de notre groupe de sociétés, avec des tiers nous fournissant des services ou pour des motifs juridiques.
Nous pouvons partager vos données avec :
Des sociétés de notre groupe :
il s'agit de nos filiales (toute société que nous détenons ou contrôlons) ou de notre société holding (toute société qui nous détient ou nous contrôle) et de ses filiales. Les sociétés membres de notre groupe n'utiliseront vos données que dans le but de vous fournir le Service et pour tout autre motif visé dans la présente Politique de confidentialité.
Nos prestataires de services :
il s'agit des tiers qui nous fournissent des services. Ces tiers ne sont autorisés à utiliser vos données que conformément aux instructions que nous leur communiquons. Nous pouvons avoir à partager vos données avec des prestataires de services, par exemple :
des prestataires de services d'expédition, si vous avez choisi d'avoir recours à leurs services pour les articles que vous vendez ou achetez ;
des prestataires de services de paiement, pour exécuter les opérations commerciales ;
des prestataires de services de vérification d'identité, pour vérifier votre accès au Service et empêcher toute activité frauduleuse sur votre compte ;
des modérateurs qui surveillent notre Service, afin de garantir que nos Conditions d'utilisation du service soient respectées et qu'aucune activité pénalement répréhensible n'ait lieu sur notre Service ;
des fournisseurs d'analyse, qui nous aident à mieux comprendre la manière dont notre Service est utilisé (cf.
Comment vous connecter à notre Service et l'utiliser ?
pour en savoir plus) ;
des prestataires de services tiers qui nous aident à améliorer les fonctionnalités de notre Service (par ex. des prestataires de services de balisage d'images, qui vous facilitent le partage d'images via notre Service).
Dans certains cas, nos prestataires de services peuvent collecter des données directement auprès de vous, par exemple si nous leur demandons de lancer une enquête pour notre compte. Vous serez alors informé de leur participation et pourrez choisir les données que vous souhaitez leur communiquer. L'utilisation de vos données par le prestataire de services est régie par sa politique de confidentialité.
Nos partenaires publicitaires :
nous pouvons partager des données au sujet des utilisateurs du Service avec nos partenaires publicitaires afin de nous aider à mieux cibler nos publicités et à comprendre leur efficacité, tel que décrit à la section 3 ci-dessus. Nous obtenons votre consentement avant de procéder ainsi lorsque les législations applicables nous l'imposent ou nous fondons sur notre intérêt légitime. Vous pouvez contacter
data@depop.com
pour refuser un tel partage. Nous pouvons vous demander de fournir certaines informations pour vérifier votre identité avant que nous cessions de partager vos données avec nos partenaires publicitaires.
Les forces de l'ordre, autorités de régulation et autres parties pour des motifs juridiques :
si nous avons l'obligation légale de le faire, nous pouvons divulguer vos données à des tiers, par exemple forces de l'ordre ou régulateurs. Nous pouvons aussi divulguer vos données à des tiers dans le but de protéger nos droits, nos biens et notre sécurité (ou ceux de tiers) ou de détecter ou enquêter sur toute activité illégale et tout manquement aux accords que nous avons conclus avec vous, notamment nos
Conditions d'utilisation du service
.
En cas de restructuration opérationnelle :
dans l'hypothèse de toute vente, fusion, liquidation, administration judiciaire ou cession des actifs de Depop, nous pouvons avoir besoin de partager vos données avec les tiers concernés, ce qui s'inscrit dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes dans le but d'exercer nos activités et d'exécuter ces transactions.
Pour en savoir plus sur vos options marketing, consultez
Vos préférences marketing
.
Bien que l'API de Depop soit publiquement disponible, nous n'autorisons pas les tiers à l'utiliser, pour quelque raison que ce soit. L'API de Depop traite vos données exactement comme le Service.
Informations qui ne peuvent pas vous identifier
Nous ne divulguons pas de données pouvant être utilisées pour vous identifier à quiconque, sauf tel que prévu par la présente Politique de confidentialité.
Nous pouvons fournir à des tiers des informations statistiques agrégées et des informations analytiques au sujet des utilisateurs de notre Service, mais le faisons dans ce cas de manière à ce que personne ne puisse être identifié à partir de ces informations avant leur divulgation.
Pendant combien de temps conservons-nous vos données ?
Nous conserverons vos données aussi longtemps que nous en avons besoin. Si vous possédez un compte, cela signifie que nous conserverons vos données dès lors que votre compte est actif. Si votre compte est désactivé, nous conserverons vos données pendant un délai raisonnable à compter de la désactivation. Nous pouvons également conserver vos données pour des raisons juridiques ou techniques.
Nous conservons uniquement vos données aussi longtemps que nécessaire et aux fins pour lesquelles elles ont été collectées. Il s'agit notamment de conserver vos données dans le but de respecter nos obligations juridiques, comptables, déclaratives et de conformité ou à des fins de prévention de la fraude.
Lorsque nous déterminons la durée durant laquelle nous avons besoin de conserver vos données, nous tenons compte du montant, de la nature et de la sensibilité des données, du risque potentiel de préjudice dû à une utilisation ou divulgation non autorisée de vos données, des fins auxquelles nous utilisons vos données, du fait que nous puissions ou non atteindre ces objectifs d'une autre manière et des obligations légales applicables.
Si vous possédez un compte sur notre Service, nous conserverons vos données aussi longtemps que votre compte reste actif. Si vous désactivez votre compte, ou si nous le désactivons car vous êtes resté inactif pendant longtemps, vos données seront conservées pendant un certain délai après la désactivation de votre compte.
Si votre compte a été désactivé, nous pouvons aussi avoir besoin de conserver vos données pour des raisons juridiques ou techniques (notamment dans le cadre de nos systèmes de sauvegarde), par exemple pour garder une trace des transactions, pour nous prévaloir de nos droits et pour permettre à l'autre partie à une transaction d'accéder à l'historique des achats ou ventes. Passé ce délai, nous supprimerons les données ou les modifierons de façon à ce qu'elles ne vous identifient plus. Vous pourrez en être notifié ou non.
Si votre compte est désactivé, certaines de vos données peuvent continuer d'apparaître sur le Service, par exemple si vos données ont été partagées avec d'autres utilisateurs de notre Service. Si votre compte a été suspendu, nous conserverons certaines données à votre sujet afin de vous empêcher d'ouvrir un nouveau compte, dans le but de nous protéger, de protéger nos utilisateurs et la sécurité de notre Service. Pour en savoir plus au sujet des délais de conservation des autres aspects de vos données, contactez-nous à l'adresse
data@depop.com
.
Nous pouvons stocker des informations, notamment vos données, localement sur votre dispositif à l'aide de Cookies et autres méthodes. Pour en savoir plus sur la durée de stockage des Cookies, merci de consulter notre
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires
.
Mes données sont-elles transférées vers un autre pays ?
Vos données peuvent être transférées vers un pays autre que le pays dans lequel vous vivez. Tous les pays n'appliquent pas les mêmes normes de protection des données. Toutefois, lorsque nous transférons vos données vers un autre pays, nous nous assurerons de ne le faire que lorsque des mesures appropriées sont en place pour protéger vos données.
Les données que nous collectons peuvent être transférées et stockées dans des pays situés hors du pays dans lequel vous résidez, notamment hors du Royaume-Uni, de l'Espace économique européen (
EEE
) ou de l'Australie. Elles peuvent notamment être transférées vers des sociétés de notre groupe et vers des prestataires de services tiers et modérateurs. Vos données peuvent être traitées par le personnel (travaillant pour nous ou certains de nos fournisseurs) et d'autres utilisateurs du Service situé hors du Royaume-Uni, de l'EEE ou de l'Australie. Un tel transfert peut être nécessaire aux fins d'exécuter un achat, de traiter des informations de paiement, de fournir une assistance et des services de vérification et de nous permettre d'exploiter le Service.
Tous les pays n'offrent pas le même niveau de protection des données et peuvent être moins protecteurs que le Royaume-Uni ou l'EEE. Toutefois, nous ne transférerons vos données que vers des pays faisant l'objet d'une décision d'adéquation de la Commission européenne ou vers des entités contraintes par un accord de transfert de données adéquat, considéré approprié par la Commission européenne et connu sous le nom de « clauses contractuelles types » (CCT). Vous pouvez demander une copie de nos CCT en utilisant les coordonnées figurant à la section
Nous contacter
.
Lorsque nous avons recours à des prestataires de services aux Etats-Unis, nous pouvons leur transférer des données s'ils ont accepté les clauses contractuelles types, qui leur imposent d'offrir un niveau de protection similaire aux données à caractère personnel partagées entre l'EEE (et le Royaume-Uni) et les Etats-Unis.
Nous prendrons toutes mesures raisonnables pour garantir que vos données soient traitées en toute sécurité et conformément à la présente Politique de confidentialité et aux législations applicables en matière de confidentialité.
Malheureusement, la transmission d'informations via Internet n'est pas complètement sécurisée. Bien que nous fassions de notre mieux pour protéger vos données, nous ne pouvons garantir la sécurité de vos données transmises par le biais du Service et toute transmission se fait à vos propres risques. Une fois que vous avez reçu vos données, nous utiliserons de strictes procédures et fonctionnalités de sécurité pour tenter d'empêcher tout accès non autorisé.
Vos droits
Vous disposez de certains droits s'agissant des données que nous détenons à votre sujet. Si vous nous envoyez une demande, nous pouvons ne pas y accéder, mais vous expliquerons la raison d'un tel rejet. Si vous souhaitez exercer l'un quelconque de vos droits, vous pouvez nous contacter à l'aide des coordonnées figurant à la section
Nous contacter
.
Droit d'accès :
vous pouvez demander à confirmer les données que nous détenons à votre sujet et demander une copie de ces données.
Droit de correction de vos données :
vous pouvez nous demander de corriger l'une quelconque des données que nous détenons à votre sujet si celles-ci sont inexactes ou incomplètes.
Droit d'effacement :
dans certaines circonstances, vous pouvez nous demander de supprimer vos données. Toutefois, nous ne pouvons pas toujours être tenus d'accéder à votre demande pour des raisons juridiques spécifiques qui vous seront notifiées, le cas échéant, au moment de votre demande. Nous pouvons avoir à conserver certaines informations à votre sujet (consultez la section
Pendant combien de temps conservons-nous vos données ?
pour en savoir plus).
Droit d'opposition :
vous pouvez vous opposer au traitement de vos données par nos soins lorsque nous nous fondons sur un intérêt légitime et que vous estimez qu'un tel traitement affecte vos droits et libertés fondamentales. Nous tiendrons compte de votre opposition, mais nous pouvons ne pas accéder à votre demande, par exemple si nous pouvons prouver que le fondement de nos intérêts légitimes prévaut sur vos droits et libertés.
Vous pouvez également vous opposer au fait que nous traitions vos données à des fins de marketing direct (consultez la section
Vos préférences marketing
pour en savoir plus au sujet de nos méthodes).
Droit de restriction :
vous pouvez nous demander de suspendre le traitement de vos données dans les cas suivants :
si vous souhaitez confirmer l'exactitude des données ;
lorsque notre utilisation des données est illégale, mais que vous ne souhaitez pas que nous les effacions ;
lorsque vous avez besoin que nous conservions les données, même si nous n'en avons plus besoin, car vous souhaitez confirmer, exercer ou défendre vos droits juridiques ;
lorsque vous vous êtes opposé à notre utilisation de vos données, mais que nous avons besoin de vérifier si nous disposons d'un fondement légitime pour les utiliser.
Droit de demander le transfert de vos données :
vous avez le droit de demander un transfert de certaines de vos données, à vous ou à un tiers de votre choix, et nous vous les enverrons dans un format structuré, couramment utilisé et lisible à la machine.
Droit de révoquer votre consentement :
si nous nous fondons sur votre consentement pour traiter vos données, vous pouvez révoquer ledit consentement à tout moment. Vous pouvez procéder à cette révocation en modifiant les paramètres de confidentialité de vos réseaux sociaux s'agissant des informations que nous collectons auprès de ces réseaux.
Prise de décision individuelle automatisée :
vous pouvez avoir le droit de ne pas vous soumettre à une décision prise uniquement au moyen d'un traitement automatisé de vos données à caractère personnel, si cela a un effet juridique ou vous affecte de manière similaire. Toutefois, cette règle ne s'applique pas si la décision est nécessaire aux fins de conclure ou exécuter le contrat que nous avons conclu avec vous ou si vous nous avez donné votre consentement explicite. Lorsque vous vous opposez à ce type de prise de décision basée uniquement sur le traitement automatique de vos données à caractère personnel, vous avez le droit de demander une intervention humaine, d'exprimer votre point de vue et de contester la décision.
Droit de refuser les analyses comportementales :
nous avons recours à la technologie (algorithme interne de Depop) pour effectuer des analyses comportementales et vous présenter les vendeurs et articles pertinents ou proposer vos articles aux acheteurs potentiels les plus adéquats. Si vous ne souhaitez pas que nous utilisions vos données pour ce faire, vous devez fermer votre compte Depop et cesser d'utiliser notre Service. En effet, il est essentiel au fonctionnement de Depop de pouvoir vous suggérer les bons articles et vendeurs et de pouvoir proposer vos articles aux bons acheteurs. Ceci n'est possible qu'en nous informant sur vos goûts et préférences et sur les types de produits que vous mettez en vente.
Pour exercer l'un quelconque de vos droits, ou si vous avez des questions au sujet de vos droits, contactez-nous en utilisant les coordonnées figurant à la section
Nous contacter
. Nous pouvons avoir à vous demander des informations spécifiques lorsque vous exercez vos droits afin de confirmer votre identité et d'accélérer notre réponse. Nous pouvons ne pas être en mesure d'accéder à votre demande si nous n'avons pas pu vous identifier.
Vous pouvez exercer ces droits gratuitement. Toutefois, dans certaines circonstances, nous pouvons avoir à vous facturer des frais raisonnables ou à refuser d'accéder à votre demande lorsque nous y sommes autorisés en vertu de la loi, par exemple si votre requête est sans fondement, répétitive ou excessive.
Nous essayons de répondre à toutes les demandes valables dans un délai d'un mois (une fois que nous avons pu vérifier votre identité, le cas échéant). Parfois, ce délai peut être allongé si votre demande est particulièrement complexe ou si vous avez introduit un grand nombre de requêtes. Dans ce cas, nous vous informerons si nous avons besoin de plus de temps pour répondre.
Liens vers d'autres sites Internet
Notre service peut contenir des liens depuis et vers des sites Internet tiers. Il peut s'agir de nos réseaux partenaires, publicitaires, marchands partenaires, vendeurs au détail et sociétés affiliées. Si vous cliquez sur l'un de ces liens et consultez ces sites Internet, nous vous conseillons de lire leurs propres politiques de confidentialité. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des sites Internet ou politiques de confidentialité de ces sites Internet tiers.
Enfants
Notre Service n'est disponible que pour les utilisateurs âgés de plus de 13 ans.
Le Service n'est pas conçu pour les enfants âgés de moins de 13 ans. Nous ne collectons pas, en connaissance de cause, les données de personnes âgées de moins de 13 ans. Si vous avez moins de 13 ans, vous n'êtes pas autorisé à utiliser notre Service.
Si vous pensez qu'un enfant de moins de 13 ans nous a communiqué ses données, merci de nous contacter à l'aide des coordonnées figurant à la section
Nous contacter
afin que nous puissions supprimer ces données et suspendre le compte concerné.
Vous pouvez trouver d'autres informations dans notre
Centre de sécurité
.
Nous contacter
Si vous avez des questions ou souhaitez introduire une requête s'agissant de vos données, vous pouvez nous contacter à l'adresse
data@depop.com
. Dans la présente section, vous pouvez également trouver les coordonnées de notre DPD et de notre représentant UE, que vous pouvez contacter si besoin.
Si vous avez des questions, des commentaires ou des demandes au sujet de la présente Politique de confidentialité, vous pouvez nous contacter à l'adresse
data@depop.com
ou via notre centre d'aide
ici
.
Délégué à la protection des données
En outre, si vous avez des questions, ou si vous souhaitez exercer l'un de vos droits légaux, vous pouvez contacter notre délégué à la protection des données aux coordonnées ci-dessous. Un délégué à la protection des données est une personne responsable de superviser la manière dont nous respectons les législations applicables en matière de protection des données et de traiter les questions ou demandes concernant la présente Politique de confidentialité que vous nous envoyez.
Nom : Aphaia Ltd
Adresse email :
dpo@depop.com
Adresse postale : Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR, Royaume-Uni
Représentant UE
Si vous êtes dans l'UE, vous pouvez contacter notre représentant UE pour lui poser vos questions concernant la présente Politique de confidentialité ou toute autre demande, aux coordonnées ci-dessous :
Nom : Planit // Legal
Adresse email :
depop_eu_representative@planit.legal
Adresse postale : Attn: Depop Limited EU Representative, Jungfernstieg 1, 20095, Hamburg, Allemagne
Que faire si vous avez une réclamation ?
Si vous avez une réclamation au sujet de l'utilisation que nous faisons de vos données, vous avez le droit de déposer une plainte auprès de votre autorité locale de protection des données. Au Royaume-Uni, il s'agit de l'Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
). D'autres informations sont disponibles
ici
. La procédure à suivre est décrite à la section « à destination du public » (for the public) du site web de l'ICO. En Australie, il s'agit de l'Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Ses coordonnées figurent
ici
.
Toutefois, Depop aimerait avoir la possibilité de résoudre toute réclamation et nous vous conseillons de contacter dans un premier temps notre délégué à la protection des données avant d'introduire une plainte auprès de l'ICO ou de votre autorité locale de protection des données, afin que nous puissions essayer de résoudre votre problème.
Modification de la présente Politique
Nous pouvons mettre à jour ou apporter des modifications à notre Politique de confidentialité à tout moment. Si nous apportons des modifications significatives à la présente Politique de confidentialité, vous en serez informé de la manière décrite ci-dessous.
Comment en serez-vous informé ?
Si nous avons besoin de vous informer de quelque chose, à des fins juridiques, promotionnels ou de toute autre nature concernant notre Service, nous vous contacterons via la méthode que nous jugeons la plus appropriée pour vous.
Nous vous informerons généralement par email ou en publiant un avis sur le Service lui-même. Le fait que nous puissions vous envoyer des notifications ne vous empêche pas de nous dire que vous ne souhaitez pas recevoir certains types de messages promotionnels, tel que décrit à la section
Vos préférences marketing
.
Informations relatives à la législation californienne en matière de confidentialité
Dans cette section, nous vous proposons des informations au sujet de nos pratiques de traitement des données, imposées par le California Consumer Privacy Act de 2018 (
CCPA
). Elles complètent les propos de notre Politique de confidentialité et de nos autres avis.
Champ d'application
Si vous résidez en Californie et accédez à notre Service ou nous fournissez vos informations personnelles, la présente section vous concerne. Cette section ne reflète pas notre traitement des informations personnelles des résidents de Californie lorsqu'une exception à la législation californienne s'applique.
Droit de savoir quelles données personnelles sont collectées, divulguées ou vendues
Vous avez le droit de demander à ce que nous vous indiquions les informations personnelles que nous collectons, divulguons et vendons spécifiquement à votre sujet (
droit de savoir
). Pour introduire une requête en exercice de votre droit de savoir, envoyez-nous un email à l'adresse
data@depop.com
avec « California Request to Know » en objet. Merci de préciser dans votre demande les informations que vous aimeriez obtenir, notamment les données personnelles spécifiques auxquelles vous aimeriez accéder.
Nous vous demanderons de nous fournir certains éléments pour vérifier votre identité. Les informations que nous vous demandons de communiquer pour vérifier votre identité dépendront de vos interactions préalables avec nous et du degré de sensibilité des données à caractère personnel concernées. Nous répondrons à votre requête conformément au CCPA. Si nous rejetons votre demande, nous vous expliquerons pourquoi.
Divulgations en vertu du CCPA
Nous décrivons ci-dessous nos pratiques au cours des 12 derniers mois. La section 1 de la présente Politique de confidentialité (Quelles données collectons-nous et comment les utilisons-nous ?) identifie les catégories d'informations personnelles que nous collectons au sujet des résidents californiens et les fins auxquelles nous les utilisons.
Ces catégories d'informations personnelles correspondent aux catégories d'informations personnelles suivantes, listées à la définition d'« informations personnelles » du CCPA.
(A) — Identifiants, notamment nom, adresse postale, identifiant personnel unique, adresse IP, adresse email et nom du compte.
(B) — Informations qui vous identifient ou peuvent être associées à vous, notamment informations de paiement.
(C) — Informations au sujet de vos croyances religieuses, votre origine ou votre appartenance ethnique, vos caractéristiques physiques ou de santé mentale ou votre orientation sexuelle.
(D) — Informations au sujet des produits ou services achetés, obtenus ou envisagés, et autres historiques ou tendances d'achat ou de consommation.
(F) — Informations relatives à votre activité sur Internet ou tout autre réseau électronique.
(G) — Informations de géolocalisation.
(H) — Informations relatives à tout contenu audio, électronique, visuel ou similaire.
(J) — Si vous envoyez un CV dans le cadre de votre candidature à un poste et qu'il contient des informations concernant votre formation académique, lesdites informations académiques.
(K) — Inférences tirées de l'une quelconque des informations identifiées ci-dessus au sujet de vos préférences et caractéristiques.
Nous collectons des informations personnelles directement auprès de vous. La section 5 de la présente Politique de confidentialité (Avec qui partageons-nous vos données ?) identifie les catégories de tiers auxquels nous avons divulgué des informations personnelles relatives à des résidents de Californie à des fins opérationnelles. Les catégories d'informations personnelles que nous pouvons divulguer sont celles visées en section 1 de la présente Politique de confidentialité (Quelles données collectons-nous et comment les utilisons-nous ?). Ces catégories d'informations personnelles correspondent aux catégories d'informations personnelles listées à la définition d'« informations personnelles » du CCPA et reprises ci-dessus.
Nous avons recours à des partenaires publicitaires tiers pour lancer des campagnes promotionnelles pour notre compte. Nous partageons certaines informations personnelles avec eux, qu'ils peuvent utiliser pour leurs propres objectifs internes. Pour en savoir plus au sujet de ces divulgations, consultez la section 3 de la présente Politique de confidentialité (Publicité sur le Service et d'autres sites Internet) et le point intitulé « Des partenaires publicitaires » de la section 5 (Avec qui partageons-nous vos données ?) ci-dessus. Nous « vendons » donc (tel que ce terme est défini par le CCPA) des informations personnelles à nos partenaires publicitaires. Ces catégories d'informations personnelles correspondent aux catégories d'informations personnelles suivantes, listées à la définition d'« informations personnelles » du CCPA.
(A) — Identifiants, notamment identifiant en ligne et adresse IP.
(B) — Informations qui vous identifient ou peuvent être associées à vous.
(F) — Informations relatives à votre activité sur Internet ou tout autre réseau électronique.
(K) — Inférences tirées de l'une quelconque des informations identifiées ci-dessus au sujet de vos préférences et caractéristiques.
Avant de procéder à une telle vente, nous obtenons le consentement des utilisateurs âgés de 13 à 15 ans. Vous pouvez choisir de vous opposer à une telle vente en remplissant le formulaire intitulé « Ne pas vendre mes informations personnelles », disponible sur demande, ou en nous envoyant votre requête à l'adresse
data@depop.com
. Nous pouvons vous demander de fournir certaines informations pour vérifier votre identité avant que nous cessions de partager vos données avec nos partenaires publicitaires.
Droit de demander la suppression de vos informations personnelles
Vous avez le droit de demander la suppression des informations personnelles que nous collectons ou détenons à votre sujet. Pour introduire une requête de suppression d'informations personnelles, envoyez-nous un email à l'adresse
data@depop.com
avec « California Request to Delete » en objet. Vous pouvez aussi introduire une demande en nous écrivant à l'adresse Depop Limited, 9th Floor, 107 Cheapside, London, Royaume-Uni, EC2V 6DN. Merci de mentionner dans votre demande les informations que vous aimeriez supprimer.
Nous vous demanderons de nous fournir certains éléments pour vérifier votre identité. Les informations que nous vous demandons de communiquer pour vérifier votre identité dépendront de vos interactions préalables avec nous et du degré de sensibilité des données à caractère personnel concernées. Nous répondrons à votre requête conformément au CCPA. Si nous rejetons votre demande, nous vous expliquerons pourquoi.
Droit de non-discrimination dans le cadre de l'exercice des droits de confidentialité d'un consommateur
Vous ne pouvez pas faire l'objet d'une quelconque discrimination en raison du fait que vous exercez l'un de vos droits en vertu du CCPA.
Représentant agréé
Dans certaines circonstances, vous pouvez désigner un représentant agréé qui sera chargé d'introduire une requête en vertu du CCPA pour votre compte. Si vous avez recours à un représentant agréé à cette fin, nous pouvons vous demander de vérifier votre identité ou de confirmer que vous avez fourni une autorisation signée au représentant agréé afin qu'il introduise une requête en vertu du CCPA pour votre compte. Si vous donnez procuration à un représentant agréé en vertu des sections 4000 à 4465 du Probate Code, il n'est pas forcément nécessaire de suivre ces étapes, et nous répondrons à toute demande envoyée par ledit représentant agréé conformément au CCPA.
Révocation du consentement des mineurs
Le California Business and Professions Code nous impose de vous communiquer des informations au sujet de la raison pour laquelle le contenu ou certaines informations publiés par les utilisateurs inscrits âgés de moins de 18 ans et résidant en Californie peuvent être supprimés de nos services.
Si vous êtes résident de Californie et âgé de moins de 18 ans, et que vous êtes un utilisateur inscrit de notre Service, la section 22581 du California Business and Professions Code vous autorise à demander et à obtenir l'autorisation de supprimer du contenu ou des informations publiés par vos soins sur notre Service ou mis à la disposition de tout autre utilisateur.
Pour introduire une telle requête, envoyez un email contenant une description détaillée du contenu ou des informations spécifiques que vous souhaitez supprimer à l'adresse
data@depop.com
. Notez qu'une telle demande ne vous assure pas la suppression totale ou exhaustive du contenu ou des informations publiés. Dans certains cas, la législation peut ne pas imposer ou autoriser une telle suppression, même si elle est demandée.
Prev
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Next
Social and environmental expectations for sellers using third parties to manufacture items
Table of contents
Politique de confidentialité (Privacy Policy)
Politique de confidentialité (Privacy Policy)
Vous pouvez ajouter un niveau de sécurité supplémentaire à votre compte en activant la validation en deux étapes.
Articles in this section
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
See more
Return to top
Depop Protection, Shipping, Tracking
Sub-policy 4
https://depophelp.zendesk.com/hc/en-gb/articles/17352110588177:
Skip to main content
Depop help
Terms of Service
Policies
Buying
Getting Started
Depop Protection for Buyers
Saved Searches
How do I buy an item?
Why am I seeing ‘Boosted’ listings in my Search?
How do I buy safely on Depop?
My Purchases
What is Depop’s return policy?
I haven't received my item and I paid via Depop Payments (card payments)
I haven't received my item
I haven't received my item I purchased less than a week ago
My item is not as described
Can I update my address?
Resolution Centre as a Buyer
My purchase is not as described
How do I get a refund?
The seller I purchased from is no longer active
What happens after I make a purchase?
The item I purchased isn't showing in my purchased items
I haven't received part of my bundle
Payments FAQs
Marketplace fee for buyers
Will I have to pay for tax or customs on my order?
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - UK
How to use Klarna to pay in instalments - US
Do I need to use PayPal?
How will I know if I've paid by Depop Payments?
PayPal Authentication when checking out
Customs and Import Fees
Selling
Listing Guide
Repop
Web Bulk Listing tool
A guide to the pre-listing pricing inspiration tool
Simple tips for taking great photos of your listings
How to find items to list
Getting your description right
"Style Attributes"
Frequently Asked Questions: Depop Search
Promote like a pro
Listing on Depop
How to take great photos and videos
Selling Guide
Accelerated Program
What are Boosted Listings and how can I manage them?
What is Boost Shop?
How do I manage my Boosted Listings?
Suggested Sellers
How do I sell safely on Depop?
How much does Boosted Listings cost?
Boosted Listings Policy
First-time seller
A new home for selling on Depop
Depop Seller Guide
How do I change the currency of my items?
Why is my item inactive?
My Sales
Depop Protection for sellers
Resolution Centre as a Seller
Where are my sold items?
UK sellers: How do I get paid?
US sellers: How do I get paid
AU sellers: How do I get paid?
Shop Stats
I haven't received my payment
Seller fees and charges
My buyer hasn't received their item
The buyer said the item is 'not as described'
How do I get a Depop fee refund?
How do I refund a buyer?
How do I delete or leave feedback?
How to use your sales download
Depop Payments
Depop Payments
What is the Resolution Centre?
Why haven’t I received my payout?
AU sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Getting paid with Depop Payments
US sellers: Learn more about how payouts works
US sellers: When will my Payout be deposited in my bank account?
AU sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
UK sellers: Everything you need to know about payouts on Depop
Payout on Delivery in the UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - UK
How to accept Klarna instalment payments in your shop - US
How do I change my bank details?
Learn more about signing up as a charity or business
Depop Protection for Sellers
Depop Payments - Direct Debit Policy
Adjustments
Why do I need a direct debit for Depop Payments? (UK Only)
PayPal Payments
Paypal Seller Dispute Fee
I don't recognise a fee or charge
Why did Depop take money from my PayPal account?
What is an eCheque?
Payments - PayPal
Tax Help
Canada CRA reporting - What do I need to know
Do I have to pay tax on my Depop income?
Customs fees and tax collection as a seller
UK HMRC Reporting - What do I need to know?
DAC7: What do I need to know?
Receiving your 1099-K from Stripe: FAQs
US State Sales Tax on Depop Orders - FAQ
My Account
Account Set Up
Why does Depop need my date of birth?
Depop to join the Etsy family - FAQ
What is two-factor authentication (2FA) and how does it work on Depop
What is Depop?
Do I need to provide my email or phone number to sell an item?
How old do I have to be to use Depop?
How do I sign up to Depop?
Phone verification
What does the blue tick mean?
Managing My Account
Feedback on Depop
How do I reset my password
How do I change my username?
I can't contact a user
Why has my item been removed?
How do I block another user?
How do I edit my account details?
How to share a shop or listing with others
How can I delete my Depop account?
How can I connect my social accounts?
Account Access Issues
How do I log into Depop
I'm locked out of my account
I forgot my password
Why has my account been suspended?
I received an email about a recent sign-in to Depop
Shipping
Shipping Guide - US
German Packaging Law (VerpackG) Obligations for Sellers
EcoEnclose + Depop packaging FAQ
Shipping Guide - UK
Shipping Guide - AU
Shipping Guide - Worldwide
USPS Shipping Policy - US
UK Shipping Policy
Bundles - Shipping US
Bundles - Shipping UK
Sustainable packaging tips
Payments
Using Klarna on Depop in the United Kingdom
Using Klarna on Depop in the United States
Do I need to make a PayPal account to buy items?
Learn more about how to set up Depop Payments
Learn more about Depop Balance, top-up card and adjustments
Learn more about how to stay protected as a seller
Learn more about returns and refunds
Tools and Features
Introducing the Debot - the Depop Virtual Assistant!
Outfits Feed Policy
Send Offer: How it works
Vacation Mode: How it Works
How Depop ranks search results and recommends listings
Make Offer: How it Works
Depop Collections
Bundles on Depop
How do I get featured on the Explore page?
How do discounts work?
Technical Issues
Technical Issues
Latest App Versions
New Depop Virtual Assistant
Reporting a bug: How it works & what to expect
I can't list an item
I can't buy an item
Depop app requirements - lowest operating system
Unable to log in or sign up to Depop with Facebook
Shipping label (US Specific)
My Depop app isn't working
I can't connect my PayPal
Safety
Content Policies
Content Moderation at Depop
Abuse, Bullying and Harassment Policy
Dropshipping Policy
Electronics Policy
Face Mask Policy
Graphic and Violent Imagery Policy
Hate Speech and Discrimination Policy
Nudity Policy
Restricted and Hazardous Content Policy
What are 'stock images'?
Sexually Inappropriate Content & Behaviour Policy
Seller Misrepresentation Policy
Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) in France
Resources
Community Guidelines
Tips for parents and guardians
Tips for young people
Wellbeing Resource Hub
Transacting Safely
How to buy and sell safely on Depop
How can I swap or trade safely?
What does Depop class as 'significantly not as described'?
How to report a listing
How to report or block a user
Meet in person
Account Security
Keeping your account safe - Your Depop Security Checklist
Managing two-factor authentication (2FA)
Two-factor authentication (2FA) | FAQs
Password security
I've received a suspicious message from another user, or a suspicious email claiming to be Depop
Partnerships
Our Partnerships
How does Depop support charities that want to set up a Depop shop?
Terms of Service
Policies
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
What is GDPR?
EU Digital Services Act
Job Candidate Privacy Notice
European Union Regulation addressing the dissemination of terrorist content online
Richtlinie zu Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Datenschutzrichtlinie (Privacy Policy)
Politique en matière de cookies et technologies similaires (Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy)
Politique de confidentialité (Privacy Policy)
Social and environmental expectations for sellers using third parties to manufacture items
European Union Platform-to-Business Regulation on Depop
DMCA Notice Requirements
Terms of Service (archive)
Toggle navigation
This is our US Notice, which applies if you live in California,
Colorado, Virginia, Utah or Connecticut
. If you live in California,
Colorado, Virginia, Utah or Connecticut
, please read it to find out more about your privacy rights and what we do with your data. Let us know if you need help in understanding what it means for you.
This US Notice supplements our Privacy Policy (together, the
Depop Privacy Policies
).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your data (referred to in this US Notice as your
personal information
) and, depending on where you reside, how to exercise your rights under state privacy laws in the US.
This US Notice applies to the residents of California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah and Connecticut and provides additional information in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended), the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act which we refer to as
State Privacy Laws
.
Please note that not all users will be able to exercise all of the rights listed below. For example, if you are not a resident in
California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah or Connecticut
, you may not be able to exercise these rights.
We may not be able to process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient details of your request or allow us to confirm who you are.
In some cases, we may provide a different privacy policy to certain categories of residents of these states, such as job applicants, in which case that privacy policy will apply instead of this US Notice.
Your privacy rights
. The State Privacy Laws may provide residents with some or all of the rights listed below. However,
these rights are not absolute and may be subject to certain exceptions. This means if you make a request, the law may not require us to comply with it, but if that happens we will explain why we may decline your request in certain cases if that is permitted by law.
Right to Know
. You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information:
The categories of personal information that we have collected;
the categories of sources from which we collected personal information;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing and/or selling personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information;
the categories of personal information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose;
and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose. While we do not sell your personal information for monetary compensation, some states consider sharing of personal information for targeted advertising a “sale” or “share” under the State Privacy Laws.
Access
. You can request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you.
Correction
. You can ask us to correct any inaccurate personal information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the personal information that we have collected about you.
Opt-out Rights.
Opt-out of certain processing for targeted advertising purposes
. You can opt out of certain processing of personal information for targeted or interest-based advertising purposes, including sharing personal information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising.
Opt-out of other sales of personal data.
You have the right to opt-out of the Sale of your personal information. “Sale” has a broad meaning under California, Virginia and Connecticut Privacy Laws to include the transfer of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Certain states offer the right to opt-out of automated processing or profiling of personal data used to make decisions with a legal or similarly-significant effect on you (such as employment or credit decisions). If we use automated processing or profiling to prevent, detect, protect against or respond to fraudulent or illegal activity, we are not required to offer the right to opt-out. We otherwise do not engage in profiling or automated decision making as defined under the State Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any questions about your rights, please contact us at data@depop.com or by contacting us via our Help Centre
here
.
Exercising your right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information or processing of your Personal Information for targeted advertising.
While we do not sell personal information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. The State Privacy Laws may classify our use of some of these services as “selling” or “sharing” your personal information with advertising partners that provide the services.  You can opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information for interest-based ads, and related tracking, by switching off “Personalised advertising” in your account privacy settings.
Do Not Track Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. There is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. We do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Verification; Authorized agents.
We may need to verify your identity in order to process your right to know, access, appeal, correction, or deletion requests. We may need to confirm your residency, and in our discretion, we may deny your request if we are unable to verify your identity or residency. As a part of this process, identification may be required. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide the end user’s valid government-issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government-issued identification, and we may verify the authenticity of the request directly with you.
Appeals; Non-Discrimination; and Accessibility
. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact us at
data@depop.com
.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights, including denying you goods or services, providing you with a different level or quality of services, or charging you different prices or rates for services.
If you need further assistance, or if you have a disability and would like to access this policy in an alternative format, please contact us  at
data@depop.com
via our Help Centre
here
.
California Consumer Privacy Notice
This is our California Notice. Please read it if you live in California to find out more about  what we do with your data. Let us know if you need help in understanding what it means for you.
This California Consumer Privacy Notice (
California Notice
) supplements Depop’s US Notice and applies to personal information Depop collects online about California consumers. This California Notice uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the
CCPA
).
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect information about you when you use Depop, which includes identifiers, other records, demographic information, commercial information, internet or other network activity, sensory information, geolocation data and inferences. We have included more information on each of these types of data that we collect below.
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers:
information that identifies you. This includes your legal name, email address, unique personal identifiers (such as a device identifier and/or IP address), account name (e.g. shop name), government-issued ID numbers (e.g. drivers license) which we may use to verify your identity when we onboard you as a seller; and/or tax identification number when setting up your account to sell on Depop;
Other Records:
such as phone number, billing address, or credit or debit card information, and any other personal information covered by Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80(e) (which may overlap with other categories listed here);
Demographic Information:
such as your age or gender, or, where you have provided such information to Depop voluntarily, demographic information about your race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or gender identity, provided in connection with market research or marketing campaigns we conduct. This category includes information that may qualify as protected classifications under other California or federal laws.
Commercial Information
: including purchases, products sold, and/or your interaction with the Services.
Internet or Other Network Activity
: information including your interactions with our Services and what led you to our Services (including web/mobile traffic related information);
device type and/or identifier, operating system and version, browser type and settings and cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID).
Sensory Information:
data categorized as visual data, such as pictures or videos posted on our App and Site.
Geolocation Data:
your general location provided through location-enabled services such as WiFi and GPS or precise location information, with your consent, when enabled through our App or from your mobile device settings.
Inferences
: inferences based on personal information about you, including your interests, preferences, and favorites; inferred information about your demographic category used to create marketing segments or profiles.
The Sources and Purposes for Our Collection
We collect data from you directly, from your device and from third parties such as advertising networks or service providers.
We collect the categories of personal information described in this California Notice from the sources described in
Section 1 of this Privacy Policy (What data do we collect and how do we use it?).
which includes collecting information directly from you, your devices, and our partners. The sources of this data include you, other Depop users, advertising networks, service providers (including internet service providers), social networks, government entities or other public sources, marketing and business partners, and our vendors and suppliers.
We use (
and may have used during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice)
these categories of personal information for our business and commercial purposes as described throughout the Depop Privacy Policy, including for the following purposes: providing the Service, processing orders and transactions, internal business analytics, tailoring and personalising the Service to you, advertising and marketing purposes;
undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality, integrity, and safety of our Service and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them;
maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information, processing payments, and providing analytics services. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for purposes of inferring characteristics about consumers.
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell your data for money. We do share your data with certain third parties such as online advertising services, which you have the right to opt out of.
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may share your personal information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services) to collect personal information via automated technologies on our Sites and Apps for targeted (cross-context behavioural) advertising purposes. This kind of sharing may be considered a “sale” under California law when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your information.
We may sell or share for cross-context behavioural advertising purposes (and may have sold or shared during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice)
the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services or networks:
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet or Network Activity
Inferences
You can opt out of allowing us to share your data for purposes of cross-context behavioural advertising
by sw
itching off “Personalised advertising” in your account privacy settings or by contacting
data@depop.com
. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
We may need to disclose your data, such as to other companies that are in our group of companies, to third parties that provide us with services, or for legal reasons.
We disclose personal information to service providers, contractors, and other third parties as described in more detail in Section 5 (Who do we share your data with?) of the Depop Privacy Policy. The following table lists the categories of personal information that have been disclosed (and may have been disclosed during the
12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice
) for a business purpose and the categories of recipients who have received this personal information. Please note that not every one of the following categories may apply to your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Information
●  Identifiers
●  Other Records
●  Commercial information
●  Internet or other electronic network activity information
●  Geolocation information
●  Sensory information
●  Inferences derived from personal information
●
Our affiliates
●
Depop buyers and sellers
●
Our vendors or other service providers
●
Professional services firms, like our auditors or law firms
●
Our marketing and business partners
●
Online advertising services
●
Analytics providers
●
Social networks
●
Internet Service Providers
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, we may have disclosed personal information about you to government entities for the purposes listed in our Privacy Policy, or to third parties in connection with corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or divestitures during the 12-month period before the Last Updated date of this California Notice.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section of our US Notice and Section 8 (Your Rights) of the Depop Privacy Policy for information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them.
Shine the Light
California residents are entitled to ask for a notice describing what categories of personal information we disclose to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. Depop does not disclose any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you otherwise consent to it.
If you have questions about these practices, or would like to make a request, you can contact us
at
data@depop.com
via our Help Centre
here
. In your request, please include the statement “Shine the Light Request," and provide your first and last name and mailing address and certify that you are a California resident. We may need additional information to confirm your identity and that you are resident in California. Please note that we will not accept requests via telephone, mail, or fax, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labelled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Colorado Privacy Notice
This is our Colorado Notice. Please read it if you live in Colorado to find out more about  what we do with your data. Let us know if you need help in understanding what it means for you.
This Colorado Privacy Notice (
Colorado Notice
) supplements Depop’s US Notice and applies to personal information Depop collects online about Colorado consumers. We adopt this Colorado Notice to comply with the Colorado Privacy Act (the
CPA
). This Colorado Notice uses certain terms that have the meanings given to them in the CPA.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect information about you when you use Depop, We have included more information about the data we collect below.
Please see Sections 1 (What data do we collect and how do we use it?) of the Depop Privacy Policy for information about the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which we use the information.
We use personal information for our business and commercial purposes, as described throughout the Depop Privacy Policy for the following purposes: providing the Service; processing orders and transactions; internal business analytics; tailoring and personalizing the Service to you; for advertising and marketing purposes; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality, integrity, and safety of our Service (and to improve, upgrade, or enhance them); maintaining or servicing accounts; providing customer service; verifying customer information; processing payments; and providing analytics services.
We do not knowingly process personal information from children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly process “sensitive data” as that term is defined under the CPA.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may need to share your data, for example with other companies that are in our group of companies, or to third parties that provide us with services or for legal reasons.
We share your information with our service providers or other third parties where necessary to perform the Services, comply with our legal obligations, or for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Your personal information will be shared with our service providers or other third parties
as described in more detail in Section 5 (Who do we share your data with?) of the Depop Privacy Policy
. The following table lists the categories of personal information and categories of service providers and third parties with whom we may share your information.
Please note that not every one of the following categories may apply to your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Information
●  Buyer Account Information
●  Seller Account Information
●  Payments Information
●  Transaction Information
●  Customer Support Information
●  Survey Responses
●  Browser/Device Information
●  Service Usage Information
●  Location Information
●  Depop buyers and sellers
●  Professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms
●  Our marketing and business partners
●  Online advertising services
●  Data analytics providers
●  Social networks
●  ISPs and operating systems and platforms
●  Government entities
Sales and Targeted Advertising
We do not sell your data for money. We do share your data with certain third parties such as online advertising services, which you have the right to opt out of.
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation. We may share your personal information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services) to collect personal information via automated technologies on our website and app for targeted advertising purposes. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your information. We may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services or networks:
Identifiers
:
information that identifies you, such as your email address or unique personal identifiers (such as a device identifier and/or IP address).
Commercial Information:
information such as
purchases or products sold.
Online and Network Activity:
information such as interactions with our Service (including what led you to our Services such as traffic related information);
device type, operating system and version, browser type and settings, and cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID).
Inferences:
inferences based on personal information about you, including your interests, preferences, and favourites; inferred information about your demographic category used to create marketing segments or profiles.
Profiling
To the extent we engage in automated processing or profiling to prevent, detect, protect against or respond to fraudulent or unlawful activity, we are not required to offer the right to opt-out. We otherwise do not engage in profiling that requires an opt-out as defined under the CPA.
Colorado Consumer Privacy Rights
Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section of our US Notice and Section 8 (Your Rights) of the Depop Privacy Policy for information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them.
Last Updated: 3 September 2023
Prev
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
Next
Requests for Information Policy
Table of contents
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
California Consumer Privacy Notice
Colorado Privacy Notice
Articles in this section
Depop Menswear List to Win Prize Draw: February 2025 Terms and Conditions
What is the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)?
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Appeals Policy
Sanctions Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
United States Regional Privacy Policy (US Notice)
Requests for Information Policy
See more
Return to top
Depop Protection, Shipping, Tracking