What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our website and our mobile app, subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form, or enter profile information.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or location. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs, and to make suggestions about products you may like)
– To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
Profile information entered in the app appears on our website, including ratings, unless the ratings are marked as private.
– To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
– To send periodic emails or event alerts that you have elected to receive
The email address you provide may be used to send you information (including our member newsletter), respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
What personal data do we collect?
We collect the following information from our users: First Name, last name (optional), email address, data of birth (optional), gender (optional), picture (optional), password, and last-known Internet protocol (IP) address.
We
do not
collect any “Special Categories of Personal Data” about our users (which includes details about race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about health and genetic and biometric data).
We will retain this information for as long as an account is active.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database, only to be accessible by authorized persons with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private financial information will not be stored on our servers.
How do we maintain the integrity of our ratings?
We reserve the right to exclude or delete ratings from our system if/when patterns of abuse or fraud are detected.
We are not responsible for our users’ ratings and comments, and how they may potentially affect a brand. However, if we see clear evidence that user ratings and comments are deliberately malicious, we may exclude or delete them.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party services
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Third party services currently in use are:
Google Analytics
(for website tracking purposes),
MadMimi
(for newsletter subscription management), and
WuFoo
(to send emails from our website contact form).
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their personal profile area, and clicking “edit”. Within the app, tap “Profile”, then “Settings”, and then “Privacy Controls”.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and our mobile app, and not to information collected offline.
Deleting Your Account
You can delete your account, and all of your data (including ratings, likes, suggestions, wish list items, etc.) by using our
contact form
and choosing the “Delete my TMM account” menu option. You must supply the email address and name associated with the account. Once we verify that the request came from you, your account, and all associated data, will be deleted from our systems.
Brands cannot delete listings from our database. If there are errors of fact, brands can ask us to correct them and we will happily comply. We want all the information we share brands and products to be correct and up-to-date.
Your Consent
By using our website and mobile app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on Nov. 10, 2019
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Website/email:
https://tastetequila.com/contact/
US Mail:
30 Lafayette Ln
Palm Coast, FL 32164
USA
Telephone: (510) 759-8137