Call Recorder - IntCall Privacy Policy
This privacy policy statement explains which personal data is collected when using the Call Recorder - IntCall app and how it is being used. We value your privacy and collect the minimal information required to provide you with the best service.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal information in accordance with our app.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect information that is required for the operation of the app and information that helps us provide you with better services. Some of the information is entered directly by you, some is automatically collected from your phone or network and some information is your activity within the app.
The recorded outgoing calls are saved on your phone only and there is no other copy anywhere. The recordings of incoming calls are saved on the app’s server until they are downloaded to your phone and some time after that to ensure that the downloading was successful. We do not listen to the calls made with the app except for identifying or fixing problems.
The data we collect may include the following items:
Your phone number
. You are asked to enter your phone number before making the first call with the app.
Your country
. When you install the app it collects information from your device and network to determine your location.
Information about your device
, such as your phone model, operating system and mobile carrier are automatically collected from your device.
Log information on your usage of the app
, such as the errors that you experienced and features you choose to use in the app.
Your call log history
. The app saves the date and time, duration and destination of each call you make with the app.
Your purchases
. The app saves the date and time and the type of product of each purchase you make, including details about free minutes given by 3rd party companies for completing offers or free minutes given by the app itself.
Your contact information
. For example, you are asked to enter your email after making a purchase to better handle purchase related problems or approve collecting your token to send you push notifications.
Anti-fraud data
such as IP addresses.
We do not collect credit card data as we do not make charges ourselves, only via partners such as Apple Inc, Google Wallet and PayPal.
We do not copy or use your address book, we only show the address book to help you select a contact’s phone before making a call.
How do we use your information?
In general, we use the collected information for the operation of the app and to provide you with better services. Specifically we use the collected information in the following ways:
For the correct operation of the app
. For example we need to keep your phone number so that we will display it to the person you call with the app.
To show you only relevant services
. For example we need to know your country so that we will show you the correct call price.
To give you better support
. For example we keep your phone model and operating system so we can identify problems faster.
To support connecting to your account
if you accidently uninstall the app or switch to a different device. For example we ask for your email so we verify your account on a new device.
To support billing
with you and with our service providers. For example we keep the log of calls you make with the app because this log shows how many minutes your used but also because we pay for those calls using our carriers.
To contact you
in regard to important changes or conditions related to your account or to offer you special promotions via email  or push notification or similar means.
To perform anti-fraud
related actions.
Unless otherwise specified, we retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for us to achieve the purposes referred to above or to enable us to comply with our legal data protection retention obligations.
How do we protect your information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when you use the app in any way to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Opting out
You can use the device Privacy setting to control advertising and basic phone functionalities like contact book. The specific actions may differ per device and operating system.
Children’s Privacy
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Therefore we do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites, applications, services, or tools from anyone under 13.
App misuse
We may use information in order comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze, or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use, or take other actions permitted by law. Likewise, if your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to prevent you from re-registering.
Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and data use practices, the features of the app or advances in technology. Please check the app frequently for updates.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at
callrecorderinfo@gmail.com