Privacy Policy
This
privacy policy governs your use of the ATracker.PRO service that was created by
WonderApps AB. This policy describes the types of personal information we may
collect and how we use it to provide the ATracker.PRO service.
By
using ATracker.PRO, you agree to the collection and use of your personal
information as described in this policy.
We collect limited account
information and store and maintain your account and task list contents on our
secure servers.
We will never rent, sell or
share information that personally identifies you for marketing purposes without
your express permission.
To use
ATracker.PRO, you must be at least thirteen years of age unless under the
guidance, supervision and consent of your parents, guardians and/or authorized
school officials. We rely on parents and guardians to ensure minors only use
ATracker.PRO products and services if they can understand their rights and
responsibilities as stated in this Privacy Policy.
Data collection
When you register with ATracker.PRO, we will request
email address and password to create your account. Your password will be
maintained on our system in an encrypted form. We will store
first, last name and username, if
user enters them.
The contents
of your ATracker.PRO account such as task definitions, entries and related data
points are stored and maintained on ATracker.PRO servers in order to provide
the Service. Because we keep backup copies of data for the purposes of
recovery from errors or system failure, residual copies of task list contents
may remain on our systems for some time, even after you have deleted
information or after the termination of your account. Wonderapps AB employees
do not access the content of any task lists unless you specifically request
them to do so (for example, if you are having technical difficulties accessing
your account) or if required by law, to maintain our system, or to protect
ATracker.PRO or the public.
We also may
collect information about the use of your account, such as how much storage you
are using and your subscription history.
How we may contact you
Wonderapps AB
may send you information related to your ATracker.PRO account or ATracker.PRO services.
Because we believe such information is important, you will not be given the
opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Transfer of information
Personal
information collected by ATracker.PRO may be stored and processed in the United
States or any other country in which ATracker.PRO maintains facilities. By
using ATracker.PRO, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of
your country.
We reserve
the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of
ownership of ATracker.PRO, such as acquisition by or merger with another
company. In such an event, ATracker.PRO will notify you before information is
transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Law; Jurisdiction
This Policy and
all matters relating to the Service shall be governed by Swedish law.
Any dispute,
controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall
be settled by a Swedish court of general jurisdiction and the Stockholm
District Court (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance.
Change of policy
Wonderapps AB may amend or repeal this
privacy policy at any time by posting a revised privacy policy or a new policy
document in its place. If such revised or new policy includes a significant
change to the way that Customer Details may be treated, Wonderapps will notify
registered customers of the fact that its privacy policy has changed by sending
such customer an email to the address associated with their ATracker.PRO
account, or by posting a prominent notice on the Service.
Questions
If you have any
questions or concerns about the Privacy Policy, please email us at
privacy@wonderapps.se
Last updated: March 15, 2018