AnyList Privacy Policy
Last Revised: January 18, 2021
Information Collected and Its Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact information such as name and email address.
Unique identifiers such as user name and password.
Preferences information you provide such as communication preferences.
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as items added to your shopping list, what recipes you viewed, and which areas of our app you visited.
We also collect the following information from you:
Information about your mobile device such as your mobile device identifier, device type, and mobile service carrier.
As is true of most web sites and apps, we automatically gather information about your device such as your IP address, browser type, referring pages, and operating system.
We use this information to:
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services.
Send product update information.
Respond to customer service requests.
Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preference either through your device or app settings depending on your device type.
Send you a newsletter.
Improve our app and marketing efforts.
Conduct research and analysis.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
Device Location Information
AnyList includes an optional
location-based reminders feature
, which uses the location of your device to show a notification when you are near stores or other locations you have chosen.
To enable this feature, you must grant the AnyList app access to your device's location through your operating system. In order to show a notification when you are near a specified location, the app may access your device's location even while the app is closed or not in use.
The AnyList app never stores or transmits your device's location and never uses your device's location for any purpose besides showing a notification when you are near locations you have chosen.
To prevent the AnyList app from accessing your device's location, you can disable the location-based reminders feature within the app or deny the app access to your device's location through your operating system's settings.
Viewing Your Information
You can sign into your account to see any personally identifiable information we have stored, such as your name and email. You can also contact us by email at
team@anylist.com
to request to see this information.
Deletion of Information
We remove personally identifiable information (such as your name and email) and other preferences associated with your account promptly after you delete your account. We may retain other data indefinitely.
Sharing of Information
In order to serve you, we may share your personal and anonymous information with other companies, including vendors and contractors. Their use of information is limited, and subject to agreements that require them to keep the information confidential. Our vendors provide assurance that they take reasonable steps to safeguard the data they hold on our behalf, although data security cannot be guaranteed.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name or email) with other companies for marketing purposes.
Email Opt-Out
You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each newsletter or marketing email or you can contact us at
team@anylist.com
.
Security
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Disclosure of Information
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we change this privacy policy, we will give you notice by posting the revised privacy policy on the site. Those changes will go into effect on the revision date shown in the revised privacy policy. By continuing to use the site or services, you consent to the revised privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
You may contact us about this privacy policy in writing or via email at the following address:
AnyList
2093 Philadelphia Pike #5478
Claymont, DE 19703
United States
Email:
team@anylist.com