Privacy Policy
Last updated: 12 February 2025
We at Bending Spoons S.p.A. (“
Bending Spoons
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”) have created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information in connection with operating our business. This Privacy Policy describes the practices concerning the information collected by Bending Spoons, through the use of our websites and mobile applications on which this Privacy Policy is posted.
California residents, please see section 9 for more information on Your California Privacy Rights. Mainland China residents, please see section 10 for more information on Your Privacy Rights.
1. Information We Process
The information that we process may be considered personal information in certain jurisdictions or personal data under the European General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”). Whenever we refer to personal information in this Privacy Policy, it means personal information or personal data as defined by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction.
Categories of personal information we process, which may vary based on the Service being used:
Identifiers (e.g., real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers).
Personal Records (e.g., name and surname, email address and username. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories).
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies).
Usage data or other similar network activity (e.g., information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. See Information collected by Automated Means below for further details).
Geolocation data (e.g., physical location or movements, inferred from your IP Address).
Sensory data (e.g., audio Recordings (for translation purposes), images (Avatars added to your account or images taken for translation purposes)).
Input text (i.e., the text you input in order to translate it. Please note that this information is only stored on your device and won’t be accessed by us).
2. Sources of Information and Purposes of Use
Some of this information you provide to us and some we collect when you use our Services. We also may obtain information about you (including personal information) from our business partners, such as vendors, and others, and from previous owners and data controllers. You may choose not to provide some or all of your personal information to us but doing so may prevent us from providing our Services to you or limit our ability to provide you with the level of service that you would otherwise expect from us.
Information collected from you
The following are examples of the types of information you choose to give us when using our services:
Feedback: From time to time, we may request your opinions, suggestions, or modification and improvement ideas (“
Feedback
”) through surveys, or other similar requests. Any responses you provide are voluntary, however you agree that any Feedback you provide shall be owned by us and may be used by us in our sole discretion.
Name: If we collect your name, we may use it to personalize your user experience.
Email Address: We use your email address to communicate with you about Service related issues with your use of our products and Services, responding to requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions and updating you with information about your account.
Username and/or password: When you create an account, you provide us with your login credentials, such as email address, username, and password. We use this information to facilitate your access to our website or mobile application and validate your login for your security.
Photos: we may collect your photos (for instance, if you want to create an avatar on your profile).
Camera/Microphone: To use certain features in our Services, you may allow us to access your camera or the microphone. Depending on your device, the Apple or Android operating system will ask for your permission before allowing us to access these features.
Input text and/or transcripts: Your text and transcripts are stored locally on your device, whether you create them in offline or online mode.
Support: If you contact our support team, we collect the information you give us during the interaction to assist us in dealing with your request and providing you feedback.
Purchases: In the event you purchase products or Services directly from us, we, or a third party on our behalf, may collect the billing information you provide us as well as payment card and other payment information, solely as required to process payment or send you invoices for such purchase.
Information collected by automated means (“Automated Information”)
We collect Automated Information through the use of cookies, SDKs and other technologies. On our websites we offer users the option to disable receiving certain types of cookies via our privacy preference center; however, if cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of our websites may not function correctly.
Automated Information includes information such as:
IP address
Operating system used (for example: iOS)
Device Information
Time zone
Identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser
Cookies on / off (See our Cookie Policy)
Dates and times of access
AdvertisingID (such as Google’s AdvertisingID and Apple’s IDFA)
Adjust ID (this identifier lets us know where our users found our Services online, record user app events and optimize our advertising efforts)
Subscription information
We or our third-party service provider may assign you a unique identifier through automated means in order to match information collected from you through different means or at different times, (including both personal information and Automated Information) and to use such information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information collected from integrated services
We may obtain information, including personal information from third parties and sources that we integrate into our Services either for the provision of our services or to facilitate your access to our Services such as described below.
You may be given the option to access or register for our services through the use of your third-party social media account. If you select this option, your social media provider may make certain of your personal information available to us, such as your email address or other unique identifier or we may be asked to share certain information with such social media providers. If you choose to sign on through your third party social media provider, we’ll collect your information from such provider and process it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you review your social media provider’s privacy policies carefully before using their service to connect to our Services.
3. How We May Use Your Personal Information
We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, such as the following:
Service delivery and Customer support
Maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, operation our website and mobile applications; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying user information, processing payments;
Communicating about the products and Services we offer, and responding to requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions.
Service improvement
Conducting statistical analyses or other research activities to optimize our features and provide you with new ones;
Understanding and evaluating how our Services and features perform with our users;
Uncovering insights about usage in order to improve the Services and provide customers with enhanced features as well as inform our development of new features and products.
Profiling
Measuring our advertising and marketing activity (e.g., measuring how a user was acquired).
Troubleshooting
Ensuring the quality and the proper functioning of our Services by analyzing, preventing, and correcting failures and bugs, and to prevent the illicit use or misuse of the Service.
Targeted advertising
Understanding our customer in order to more effectively market our Services.
Serving relevant advertisements, if applicable.
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification
Activities related to improving the quality of the Services we provide, including upgrade or enhancement of the Services;
Verification or maintenance of the quality or safety of Services;
Tracking and responding to quality and safety matters;
Protecting our rights and property.
Compliance with legal obligations
Complying with our legal obligations, including requests from public authorities, and proving that we have complied with them, such as in the event of a request from a public authority.
Defense
Establishing, exercising, or defending our rights and those of our employees, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations. For example, your data may be processed in the event of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, and sale of assets or assignments, and the due diligence related to any such transactions.
Dictionary (for Typeright users)
In order to ensure we provide you with the best Typeright experience, the words you add to your Typeright Dictionary will be available in your Typeright account across all your platforms (eg, iOS, Android or web extension) so that your predictive preferences are readily available to you. The Typeright dictionary is part of the Typeright app (and part of the account). You can add any word you want into your Typeright dictionary which is available across any platform you use Typeright.
To perform the above functions, we may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both personal information and Automated Information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources. We may also aggregate and/or de-identify any information that we collect, such that the information no longer identifies any specific individual. We may use, disclose and otherwise process such information for our own legitimate business purposes, including historical and statistical analysis and business planning..
4. How We May Share Information about You with Others
Your personal data may be transmitted to trusted and reliable third parties. This happens only when there are lawful grounds for the transmission. We don’t sell your data, including your images, to third parties under any circumstances.
The types of third parties to which your data may be transmitted are as follows:
Third parties that carry out activities related to our business and operations. Such parties can operate either on our behalf as data processors (for example, IT or storage service providers) or as autonomous data controllers (for example, professional advisors providing advice or otherwise protecting and managing our business interests).
Third parties that collect personal data about you to show personalized advertising.
We may share certain information with Facebook that allows us to create Custom or Lookalike Audiences.  You may learn more about Facebook Lookalike Audiences
here
and about your off-Facebook activity and how to opt out of having such activity sent to Facebook
here
. We encourage you to review Facebook's
Privacy Policy
.
We may also use Google Ads and Google Analytics to advertise our products, and for remarketing and optimization purposes and to understand how you interact with us across different devices. For example, where individuals allow for personalized ads in their Google settings, we use Google Signals on our websites and apps to target those interested in our products with advertisements and understand different groups of users based on the different device combinations. You may opt-out of the use of this tracking technology by turning off personalized ads in your Google settings or by visiting
Google’s Advertising and Privacy page
. Web users mays also opt-out of this technology by interacting with our website cookie banners or selecting “
manage preferences”
in our website footer.
For some of our products, we compare limited user data with TikTok users who click on our ads on in that platform. We do this in order to measure how successful our app install campaigns are on that platform. In those circumstances we will be a joint controller with TikTok. Further information on how TikTok processes personal data, including the legal basis TikTok relies on and the ways to exercise your data subject rights with TikTok, can be found in TikTok’s
privacy policy
.
Advisors and new owners, in the event that we carry out a corporate transaction or operation such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and as a part of the associated due diligence.
Public, judicial, or police authorities, within the limits established by applicable laws.
Other parties as necessary (for example, competent authorities), if we have reason to believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies or that you’ve violated the law, or if it’s necessary to protect our rights, property, and safety or that of our users, the public, or others.
Additionally, we may share your personal data if it’s required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, or if you give us your consent to do so.
5. Do Not Track Disclosures
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, our sites do not currently process or respond to "do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Certain third parties, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social media and networking platforms, collect information about your online activities over time and across websites. These third parties may not change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings. Information about how to opt out from your data being used by third parties can be found above under " Information collected by automated means."
6. Social Media
We may incorporate some third-party social networking features into our Services (including, allowing users to interact with others and share certain content and information on social media platforms) or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Services or portions thereof. Through these platforms and features, we receive or may share information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social media or blogging platforms we utilize have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your information (e.g., if you establish an account with such platform providers directly). By using social features, you acknowledge those third parties’ privacy policies and agree to their terms of use.
If you choose to communicate with us or another user through social features available on our websites or mobile applications or through our social media pages, or other similar communication or messaging features or services, such information may be made publicly available. For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive information via these features. We have the right, but not the obligation to monitor messages and communications between and among users for security and training purposes. We may, but are not obligated to, remove any content we deem inappropriate.
7. Data Retention
We retain personal data used for defense purposes for a maximum of ten (10) years from your most recent interaction with the app, or from the expiration of your subscription. If you access the app after your subscription has expired, the retention period starts from this most recent interaction. Specific legal obligations might require different retention periods and, in such cases, those different periods will apply. Upon the expiry of the retention period, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
We retain personal data used for the purpose of compliance with legal obligations for a maximum of five (5) years from your most recent interaction with the app, or from the expiration of your subscription. If you access the app after your subscription has expired, the retention period starts from this most recent interaction. Specific legal obligations might require different retention periods and, in such cases, those different periods will apply. Upon the expiry of the retention period, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
We retain the personal data for a maximum of three (3) years from your most recent interaction with the app, or from the expiration of your subscription. If you access the app after your subscription has expired, the retention period starts from this most recent interaction. After this period, unless any legal obligations require that the data is retained for longer, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
We encourage you to contact us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
if you are no longer using the services.
8. Your Choices and Rights.
You have the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
Access
: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
Correction
: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it;
Deletion
: in certain circumstances, you can request a right "to be forgotten" (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honor such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it;
Portability
: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider); and
Consent Management
: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
For your protection, we may require proof of identity and verification before we can answer your requests.
You also have the right to complain before the competent national data protection authority, or any other applicable regulator in the jurisdiction where you reside, in the event that you think we’ve violated the applicable privacy laws and we haven’t addressed your request.
Legal basis for processing data
In this section, we identify the legal grounds on which we rely to process personal information.
In some cases, we have a legitimate interest to process the personal information that we collect, such as to develop, administer and support our products and services; to operate, evaluate and improve our business; to facilitate and manage engagement programs; to promote research; to support our recruitment activities; to facilitate a Corporate Transaction (including a sale of assets or merger or acquisition); or to fulfill our contracts with business partners, such as third parties that distribute our products.
It may also be necessary for us to process personal information to establish, exercise or defend against fraud, illegal activity, and claims and other liabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions that govern the services we provide.
We may also process personal information as specifically permitted by applicable legal requirements.
If we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information, we will seek such consent at the time we collect your personal information.
International data transfers
We may transfer your personal information to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you are located outside of the United States, we may transfer your personal information to the United States. The countries to which we transfer personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer personal information across borders, we consider a variety of requirements that may apply to such transfers.
Specifically, we may transfer personal information from the European Economic Area to:
Countries that the European Commissions has deemed to adequately safeguard personal information,
Pursuant to the recipient's compliance with standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), or Binding Corporate Rules,
Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains, or
As otherwise permitted by applicable EEA requirements.
9. Information for Residents of California: Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
") may provide you with rights that are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy regarding our use of your personal information. The CCPA Notice applies to "Consumers" as defined by the law. This section describes your CCPA rights as a California Consumer and explains how to exercise those rights. See Sections 1 - 4 above to learn what information we collected from you and how it is collected, used and shared.
Access Rights
No more than twice in a twelve-month period, you may request the right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, specific pieces of personal information, categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, business or commercial purposes for our collection or sale of your personal information, and categories of third parties to whom we’ve disclosed your personal information.
Data Correction Rights
You may request to have inaccurate personal information corrected and updated.
Data Deletion Rights
Except to the extent we have a basis for retention under CCPA, you may request that we delete your personal information that we have collected directly from you and are maintaining. Note also that we are not required to delete your personal information that we did not collect directly from you.
Exercising Your Rights
To make a request for access, correction, or deletion according to your rights under CCPA, send an e-mail to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. Consumers may exercise these rights via an authorized agent. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Any request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency verification process ("
Verifiable Consumer Request
").
The Verifiable Consumer Request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Some personal information we maintain about Consumers is not sufficiently associated with enough personal information about the Consumer for us to be able to verify that it is a particular Consumer's personal information (e.g., clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID). In accordance with the CCPA, we do not include that personal information in response to Verifiable Consumer Requests. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response.
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify Consumer personal information that we collect, process, store, disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your California Consumer privacy rights requests. We will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests, but we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon a request, if your request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded, or overly burdensome.
Opt-Out
To make a request to opt-out of sale under CCPA, send an e-mail to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. See
1
: Online Privacy Choices and Rights to learn how you can exercise your rights regarding interest-based advertising.
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights. However, we may charge a different price or rate, or offer a different level or quality of good or service, to the extent that doing so is reasonably related to the value of the applicable data. In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale and retention and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. We may add or change incentive programs and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above so check them regularly.
California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. As discussed above, if we share Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes you will be able to elect for us not to do so by submitting your request to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
(please include your name, mailing address, and email address).
10. Information for Residents of Mainland China
If you are a resident of Mainland China (“Mainland China”, for the purpose of this Privacy Policy, excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Macau Special Administrative Region, and Taiwan), the PRC laws and regulations contain rules that are in addition to those set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy regarding our collection, use, transfer and retention of your personal information.
Principles of Collection
We only collect your information to the extent necessary to provide one or more of the Services, and will do so only by fair and reasonable means. The legal basis for collecting and using the information depends on what the information is and the context in which we collect it. During your use of some features, we will collect your personal information after obtaining your consent. Unless the provision of such information is required by applicable laws and regulations, refusing to provide such information will only result in your inability to use the related features, and will not affect your use of other features.
Sensitive Personal Information
Access to sensitive personal information, such as contacts, exact location, camera, microphone and album, is disabled by default, and will only be enabled upon your express authorization. It is important to note that obtaining your authorization to access sensitive personal information is a necessary but not sufficient condition for us to collect certain information. Our acquisition of your authorization to access sensitive personal information does not mean that we will definitely collect your relevant information. We will only collect your sensitive personal information when there is a specified purpose and sufficient necessity and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For the collection and processing of sensitive personal information, specific consent shall be obtained from you.
We place great value on the protection of minors’ personal information. As required by applicable laws and regulations, any user under the age of 14 shall obtain the written consent of his/her parent or statutory guardian prior to providing sensitive personal information to us.
Information Shared with a Third Party
We will share your personal information with third parties only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless explicitly authorized by you, we will not share any information that can be used to identify your identity (such as your name or email address). We may, however, share non-personally identifiable, aggregated, and/or public information with third parties. We will direct all such third-party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and not to use your information for any purpose other than that have been authorized by you.
Data Retention
We may retain your personal information for the longer of three (3) years after we become aware that you have ceased using our services or for so long as necessary to fulfill any contractual obligation governing the information or our legal and regulatory obligations. However, we may not know if you have stopped using our services, so we encourage you to contact us at the appropriate support email in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy if you are no longer using the services. We may retain other information that is not personally identifiable for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
Upon the expiry of the retention period, unless any legal obligations require that personal information is retained for longer, the data is either deleted or anonymized.
If we discontinue providing our Services, we will notify you of such change by sending a notification, posting an announcement, or other means, and delete or anonymize your personal information within a reasonable period. “Anonymization” refers to the irreversible erasure or removal of sensitive personal information that leads to the information owner being identified. Any anonymized information shall not be considered as personal information.
Your personal information collected from Mainland China will be stored in a location within Mainland China in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If it is necessary to change the location where your personal information is stored from Mainland China to another location outside Mainland China, the information transfer will be conducted in strict compliance with applicable laws.
Right to Delete Information
We will delete, and you have the right to request the deletion of, your personal information if the purpose of processing such personal information has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving such purpose, we cease the provision of the Service, or the required information retention period has expired, relevant authorization or consent is withdrawn by you, the processing of personal information by us is in violation of any applicable law, regulations or agreement, or any other circumstances as provided by applicable laws or regulations.
If the information retention period prescribed by law has not expired, or it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, we will cease the processing of such personal information, except for storage and any necessary measure taken to protect your personal information.
11. Online Privacy Choices and Rights
Device permissions
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as camera and microphone as well as push notifications. Where applicable, you can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Uninstall
You can stop all information collection by the app by disabling call forwarding and deactivating your account by following the instructions on the Service's Settings screen and then uninstalling the app using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
Location information
If you choose to opt-in, some of our apps may collect your device's precise real-time location, and in such cases, you may be able to opt out from further allowing us to have access to such location data by managing your location preferences in the app and/or on your device.
Notice to Nevada users
We do not sell covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes, and we do not have plans to sell this information. However, if you would like to be notified if we decide in the future to sell personal information covered by the Act, please contact us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. You are responsible for updating any change in your email address by the same method and we are not obligated to cross-reference other emails you may have otherwise provided us for other purposes. We will maintain this information and contact you if our practices change.
New Privacy Laws
We understand that privacy laws are constantly evolving. New US state laws and new international privacy laws are consistently emerging, developing and being enacted. We will respect all applicable privacy laws.
Advertising Opt-Outs
You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs. Some of the advertisers and Service Providers that perform advertising-related services for us and third parties may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance's ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, including use of Cross-device Data for serving ads, visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, and
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
for information on the DAA's opt-out program specifically for mobile apps (including use of precise location for third party ads). Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.
When you allow Notifications, we may send you offers and promotions related to our products and features. You may opt-out of these through the Settings menu on your device.
12. How We Protect Personal Information
We use various efforts intended to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information collected through our Services. Despite these measures, however, we cannot and do not guarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception or intrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise, and you provide information to us at your own risk.
If you correspond with us by email or using Web forms like a "contact us" feature available through our Services, you should be aware that your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized parties. We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. If you create an
account
as part of using our Services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your account. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
If we believe that the security of your personal information in our care may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If we have your email address, we may notify you by email to the most recent email address you have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your email address in your account up to date. You can change that email address anytime in your account profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain a copy of it. To receive these notices, you must check your email account using your computer or mobile device and email application software. We may also post a conspicuous notice on our site or notify you through the mobile application.
13. Links to Websites and Third-Party Content
For your convenience and information, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content that is not owned or operated by us. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity that we do not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties before providing them with any personal information.
14. Information Relating to Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 (or 16 in the EEA, or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws). If you are not over 13 years of age (or 16 in the EEA, or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws) then
DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES
. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that we may have personal information from or about your child under 13, please contact us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. Note that we'll attempt to delete the account of any child under the age of 13 that's reported to us as soon as possible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
15. In-app tracking technologies
When we refer to “tracking technology” or “tracking technologies” in this policy, we mean any technology that stores or accesses information on the user’s device, including SDKs, tracking pixels, HTML5 local storage, local shared objects, and fingerprinting techniques.
Tracking technologies are usually classified by purpose (technical, analytics, profiling) and by publisher (first-party, third-party). The legal requirements vary based on these classifications.
The tracking technology classifications and some practical examples now follow.
By purpose
Technical tracking technologies
These are used to transmit messages over an electronic communication network or to provide a service specifically requested by the user. Therefore, they’re necessary for the app to function correctly, and for providing the service requested by and offered to the user.
For example, technical tracking technologies can be used to monitor sessions, store specific server access information related to the user configuration, facilitate the use of online content, keep track of items in a shopping cart, or keep track of information used to fill in a form.
As technical tracking technologies are necessary, they don’t need your consent.
Analytics tracking technologies
These are used to assess the effectiveness of an information society service provided by a publisher, evaluate and improve the design of an app, or help measure traffic. In other words, they serve to track the traffic and performance of an app by collecting aggregate data on the number of users and how they interact with the app, which helps to improve its services.
For example, analytics tracking technologies may collect information about how users access an app, including the number of users and potentially grouped by geographical area, time zone, how long they stay on the app, which parts of the app they interact with, and the number of users who used a particular feature.
Normally, analytics tracking technologies are used only with your explicit consent. However, in the following cases they’re treated like technical trackers, so don’t need your consent:
When they’re used only to produce aggregated statistics that are performed through the controller’s own resources and that don’t turn into activities that go beyond statistical counting and assisting business-related decision-making
When the third parties don’t match the analytics trackers' data with any other information, and don’t send any data gathered to other third parties
Profiling tracking technologies
These are used to evaluate some personal aspects of certain users, and to trace specific actions or recurring behavioral patterns in the use of the app in relation to specific, identified or identifiable individuals, so they can be grouped within homogeneous, multi-sized clusters. This enables the company to analyze and predict personal elements, provide users with customized services beyond what’s strictly necessary for the delivery of the service, and sending targeted advertising messages in line with the preferences they express during their in-app activities. These serve to convey behavioral advertising, measure the effectiveness of ads, and customize the services offered in line with the user’s monitored behavior.
For example, profiling tracking technologies can be used for the following activities:
To create user profiles and offer content in line with the user’s interests
To send targeted ads or messages
To conduct statistical analysis or other research activities to improve our products and services and measure the effectiveness of our campaigns
Profiling tracking technologies are used only with your explicit consent.
By publisher
First-party tracking technologies
These are installed and managed directly by the owner of the app (in this case, Bending Spoons S.p.A). As the owner, we process the collected data for our own purposes.
Third-party tracking technologies
These are installed and managed by different apps or developers, either for our purposes or for those of the third party.
The data collected by the third parties for their own purposes is governed by their specific privacy policies and terms and conditions. For further information about these data processing activities, you can directly refer to the privacy policy of the relevant third parties as indicated in the subsection
Types of tracking technologies used by the app
.
Third-party tracking technologies need your consent, unless they’re anonymized and only used for analytical purposes. You can manage consent at any time from within the app’s privacy settings.
Types of tracking technologies used in the app
This app uses the following types of tracking technologies:
iTranslate Translator SDK (technical)
Technical
3 years
First-party
Our internal software development kit (SDK). It’s necessary for the app to function correctly.
iTranslate Translator SDK (statistical analytics)
Technical
3 years
First-party
Our internal software development kit (SDK). It allows us to produce aggregated statistics.
Firebase Crashlytics
Technical
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide you with key features.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Technical
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide you with key features.
FirebaseAuth
Technical
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide you with key features.
Firebase
Analytics
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
A tool provided by Google that’s necessary for the app to work properly. When analytics features are enabled, it can help us to improve app traffic and performance.
Apple Analytics
Defined by the third party
Third-party
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/app-store/
Enables us to provide Apple with data to assist with processing your refund request, such as whether you used the purchase.
iTranslate Translator SDK (profiling)
Profiling
3 years
First-party
Our internal profiling software development kit (SDK). It allows us to provide customized services.
Firebase
Profiling
3 years
Third-party
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase is a tool provided by Google which is essential for the app to work properly. When profiling features are enabled, it can help us to measure the effectiveness of our ads.
Tracking technologies settings
You can turn on or turn off—in whole or in part—profiling and third-party analytics tracking technologies at any time through the app’s privacy settings. As for Meta Audience Network SDK, if you’re an Android user, you can manage your choices directly on Meta's website.
When you withdraw consent, your data will no longer be collected through those trackers. However, we’ll continue processing the data collected before the withdrawal.
You can’t turn off first-party analytics tracking technologies—they’re treated like technical trackers, so aren’t contingent on consent. However, you can opt out of the further processing of your data that’s been collected via these trackers. To do so, contact us you can contact us at privacy@bendingspoons.com.
After following this process, you may uninstall the app if you’d prefer to.
With regards to your rights under applicable Data Protection Laws, please refer to the section
Your choices and rights
.
16. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the date of this Privacy Policy. Continued use of the Services after such date constitutes acceptance of such updates. When required by applicable law, we may inform you by additional means, such as through a notification on the website or in our mobile applications if we make material changes to how your personal information is collected, accessed or otherwise used as a result of your use of the Services or if your rights under this Privacy Policy are materially impacted by changes to our privacy practices. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy.
17. How to Contact Us
If you want to submit a request by email or if you have any other questions about privacy or data protection at Bending Spoons, you can contact us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
Can't find what you’re looking for?
Visit
the Support Center
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-eea?lang=en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 3
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy?hl=it:
Passa ai contenuti principali
firebase.google.com utilizza i cookie di Google per erogare i propri servizi, migliorarne la qualità e analizzare il traffico.
Scopri di più
.
Ok
Creazione
Altro
Esegui
Altro
Soluzioni
Prezzi
Documenti
Altro
Community
Altro
Assistenza
Go to console
Assistenza per gli sviluppatori
Contatta l'assistenza
Ambito dell'assistenza senza costi
Guide di assistenza
Panoramica
Domande frequenti
Elenco di controllo per la sicurezza
Elenco di controllo per il lancio
Account di servizio correlati a Firebase
Risolvere i problemi relativi alle opzioni di inizializzazione
Attivare il framework AdSupport
Ritiro di Dynamic Links
Domande frequenti sul ritiro
Esporta metadati di Dynamic Links
Eseguire la migrazione a Link app e Link universali
Esegui la migrazione da Analizza
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Regole di sicurezza Firebase
Firebase Realtime Database
Streaming di dispositivi Android
Modifiche e aggiornamenti recenti
Note di rilascio
Note di rilascio per iOS
Note di rilascio di Android
Note di rilascio di JavaScript
Note di rilascio di Flutter
Note di rilascio C++
Note di rilascio di Unity
Note di rilascio di Node.js per gli amministratori
Note di rilascio di Java Admin
Note di rilascio di Python per gli amministratori
Note di rilascio di Admin Go
Note di rilascio di Admin .NET
Note di rilascio delle regole di sicurezza
Note di rilascio dell'interfaccia a riga di comando di Firebase
Norme per le modifiche e la gestione delle versioni
Panoramica
Introduzione e comunicazione delle modifiche
Controllo delle versioni e manutenzione
Informazioni legali
Termini di servizio
Termini dei servizi a pagamento
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati
Firebase: clausole contrattuali standard
Accordo sul livello del servizio per hosting e database in tempo reale
Accordo sul livello del servizio Cloud Storage for Firebase
Norme relative ai dati utente di Firebase App Indexing
Termini di Crashlytics e App Distribution
Subprocessori di Firebase
Informazioni su privacy e sicurezza
Privacy e sicurezza in Firebase
Designare responsabili della protezione dei dati e rappresentanti dell'UE
Domande sulla privacy dei dati di Firebase
Gestire i dati dell'ID istanza
Cancellare ed esportare i dati degli utenti
Memorizzare le impostazioni della privacy con Firebase
Creazione
Vai a Crea
Creare prodotti
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
AI generativa
Esegui
Vai a Esegui
Esegui prodotti
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Panoramica
Concetti fondamentali
Creazione
Esegui
Riferimento
Esempi
Apprendimento
Eventi
Storie
Questa pagina è stata tradotta dall'
API Cloud Translation
.
Firebase
Assistenza
Questa pagina è stata utile?
Invia feedback
Privacy e sicurezza in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Mantieni tutto organizzato con le raccolte
Salva e classifica i contenuti in base alle tue preferenze.
Su questa pagina
Protezione dati
Supporto Firebase per GDPR e CCPA
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati Firebase
Firebase è certificato secondo i principali standard di privacy e sicurezza
Informativa sul trattamento dei dati
Esempi di dati degli utenti finali elaborati da Firebase
Guide per abilitare il consenso esplicito al trattamento dei dati degli utenti finali
Luoghi di archiviazione ed elaborazione dei dati
Informazioni sulla sicurezza
Crittografia dei dati
Pratiche di sicurezza
Dati del servizio Firebase
Esempi di come i dati del servizio Firebase vengono elaborati da Firebase
Utilizzo dei dati del servizio Firebase da parte di servizi Google non Firebase
Questa pagina illustra le principali informazioni sulla sicurezza e sulla privacy di Firebase. Che tu stia cercando di avviare un nuovo progetto con Firebase o che tu sia curioso di sapere come funziona Firebase con il tuo progetto esistente, continua a leggere per vedere come Firebase può aiutarti a proteggere te e i tuoi utenti.
Ultima modifica: 25 luglio 2023
Protezione dati
Supporto Firebase per GDPR e CCPA
Il 25 maggio 2018, il Regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR) dell’UE ha sostituito la Direttiva europea sulla protezione dei dati del 1995. Il 1° gennaio 2020 è entrato in vigore il California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Il 1° gennaio 2023 è entrato in vigore il California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), una legge sulla privacy dei dati che modifica e amplia il CCPA. Google si impegna ad aiutare i nostri clienti ad avere successo nel rispetto di queste normative sulla privacy, siano essi grandi società di software o sviluppatori indipendenti.
Il GDPR impone obblighi ai titolari e ai responsabili del trattamento dei dati, mentre il CCPA/CPRA impone obblighi alle imprese e ai loro fornitori di servizi. I clienti Firebase in genere agiscono come "titolare del trattamento dei dati" (GDPR) o "aziendale" (CCPA/CPRA) per qualsiasi dato personale o informazione sui propri utenti finali che forniscono a Google in relazione al loro utilizzo di Firebase e Google generalmente opera come un “responsabile del trattamento” (GDPR) o un “fornitore di servizi” (CCPA/CPRA).
Ciò significa che i dati sono sotto il controllo del cliente. I clienti sono responsabili di obblighi come l'adempimento dei diritti di un individuo rispetto ai propri dati o informazioni personali.
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati Firebase
Quando i clienti utilizzano Firebase, Google è generalmente un responsabile del trattamento dei dati ai sensi del GDPR ed elabora i dati personali per loro conto. Allo stesso modo, quando i clienti utilizzano Firebase, Google generalmente opera come fornitore di servizi ai sensi del CCPA/CPRA gestendo le informazioni personali per loro conto. I termini di Firebase includono
termini per l'elaborazione dei dati e la sicurezza
che descrivono in dettaglio queste responsabilità.
Alcuni servizi Firebase regolati dai
Termini di servizio di Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
sono già coperti dai termini di elaborazione dei dati associati, l'
Addendum sull'elaborazione dei dati nel cloud
. Un elenco completo dei servizi Firebase attualmente regolati dai Termini di servizio GCP è disponibile nei
Termini di servizio per i servizi Firebase
.
Google Analytics è un servizio separato che può essere utilizzato insieme a Firebase ed è soggetto a
termini
separati .
Firebase è certificato secondo i principali standard di privacy e sicurezza
Conformità ISO e SOC
Tutti i servizi Firebase (a parte l'indicizzazione delle app) hanno completato con successo il processo di valutazione
ISO 27001
e
SOC 1
,
SOC 2
e
SOC 3
e alcuni hanno anche completato il processo di certificazione
ISO 27017
e
ISO 27018
. I rapporti di conformità e i certificati per i servizi Firebase regolati dai Termini di servizio GCP possono essere richiesti tramite il
Gestore dei rapporti di conformità
Nome di Servizio
ISO27001
ISO27017
ISO27018
SOC1
SOC2
SOC3
Archiviazione nel cloud per Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Autenticazione Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Fire Store
check
check
check
check
check
check
Collegamenti dinamici Firebase
check
check
check
check
Configurazione remota Firebase
check
check
check
check
Controllo dell'app Firebase
check
check
check
check
Crashlytics di Firebase
check
check
check
check
Database in tempo reale Firebase
check
check
check
check
Distribuzione dell'app Firebase
check
check
check
check
FirebaseML
check
check
check
check
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Hosting Firebase
check
check
check
check
Laboratorio di test Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
check
check
check
check
Messaggistica in-app Firebase
check
check
check
check
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
check
check
check
check
Piattaforma Firebase
check
check
check
check
Test A/B di Firebase
check
check
check
check
Trasferimenti internazionali di dati
Gli schemi dello Scudo per la privacy fornivano un meccanismo per conformarsi ai requisiti di protezione dei dati durante il trasferimento di dati personali del SEE, del Regno Unito o della Svizzera negli Stati Uniti e oltre. Alla luce della sentenza della Corte di giustizia dell'Unione europea sui trasferimenti di dati, che invalida lo scudo per la privacy UE-USA, Firebase è passata a fare affidamento sulle clausole contrattuali standard per i trasferimenti di dati rilevanti, che, secondo la sentenza, possono continuare a essere una decisione meccanismo legale valido per trasferire i dati ai sensi del GDPR. Il 4 giugno 2021 la Commissione Europea ha approvato le nuove versioni delle clausole contrattuali standard, che stiamo incorporando nei nostri contratti con i clienti Firebase per i trasferimenti di dati rilevanti.
Ci impegniamo ad avere una base legale per i trasferimenti di dati in conformità con le leggi applicabili sulla protezione dei dati.
Informativa sul trattamento dei dati
Esempi di dati degli utenti finali elaborati da Firebase
Alcuni servizi Firebase elaborano i dati degli utenti finali per fornire il proprio servizio. La tabella seguente contiene esempi di come i vari servizi Firebase utilizzano e gestiscono i dati degli utenti finali che potrebbero potenzialmente identificarli. Inoltre, molti servizi Firebase offrono la possibilità di richiedere la cancellazione di dati specifici o di controllare la modalità di gestione dei dati.
Servizio Firebase
Dati dell'utente finale
In che modo i dati aiutano a fornire il servizio
Autenticazione Firebase
Le password
Indirizzi email
Numeri di telefono
Agenti utente
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
Firebase Authentication utilizza i dati per abilitare l'autenticazione dell'utente finale e facilitare la gestione dell'account dell'utente finale. Utilizza inoltre stringhe user-agent e indirizzi IP per fornire maggiore sicurezza e prevenire abusi durante la registrazione e l'autenticazione.
Conservazione:
l'autenticazione Firebase conserva gli indirizzi IP registrati per alcune settimane. Conserva altre informazioni di autenticazione finché il cliente Firebase non avvia l'eliminazione dell'utente associato, dopodiché i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Collegamenti dinamici Firebase
Specifiche del dispositivo (iOS)
Indirizzi IP (iOS)
A cosa serve:
Dynamic Links utilizza le specifiche del dispositivo e gli indirizzi IP su iOS per aprire le app appena installate in una pagina o in un contesto specifico.
Conservazione:
Dynamic Links memorizza solo temporaneamente le specifiche del dispositivo e gli indirizzi IP, per fornire il servizio.
Configurazione remota Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
A cosa serve:
Remote Config utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per selezionare i valori di configurazione da restituire ai dispositivi degli utenti finali.
Conservazione:
Firebase conserva gli ID di installazione Firebase finché il cliente Firebase non effettua una chiamata API per eliminare l'ID. Dopo la chiamata, i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Controllo dell'app Firebase
Materiale di attestazione proveniente da fornitori di attestazioni supportati
Token App Check provenienti da attestazioni riuscite
A cosa serve:
Firebase App Check utilizza il materiale di attestazione richiesto dal fornitore di attestazioni corrispondente e ricevuto dai dispositivi dell'utente finale per aiutare a stabilire l'integrità del dispositivo e/o dell'app. I materiali di attestazione vengono inviati al fornitore di attestazioni corrispondente per la convalida in base alla configurazione dello sviluppatore. I token App Check ottenuti da attestazioni riuscite vengono inviati con ogni richiesta ai servizi Firebase supportati per accedere alle risorse protette da App Check.
Conservazione:
il materiale di attestazione non viene conservato da App Check, ma quando viene inviato ai fornitori di attestazioni, è soggetto ai termini di tali fornitori di attestazioni. I token App Check restituiti dalle attestazioni riuscite sono validi per tutta la loro durata TTL, che non può essere superiore a 7 giorni. Per gli sviluppatori che utilizzano funzionalità di protezione dalla riproduzione, App Check archivia i token App Check utilizzati con queste funzionalità per un massimo di 30 giorni. Altri token App Check non utilizzati con le funzionalità di protezione della riproduzione non vengono conservati dai servizi Firebase.
Crashlytics di Firebase
UUID di installazione di Crashlytics
ID delle installazioni Firebase
Tracce di incidenti
Dati formattati minidump di Breakpad
(Solo NDK si arresta in modo anomalo)
A cosa serve:
Firebase Crashlytics utilizza le analisi dello stack di arresti anomali per associare gli arresti anomali a un progetto, inviare avvisi e-mail ai membri del progetto e visualizzarli nella console Firebase e aiutare i clienti Firebase a eseguire il debug degli arresti anomali. Utilizza gli UUID di installazione di Crashlytics per misurare il numero di utenti interessati da un arresto anomalo e dati minidump per elaborare gli arresti anomali di NDK. I dati del minidump vengono archiviati durante l'elaborazione della sessione di arresto anomalo e quindi eliminati. L'ID di installazione di Firebase abilita le funzionalità future che miglioreranno i servizi di segnalazione degli arresti anomali e di gestione degli arresti anomali. Fare riferimento a
Esempi di informazioni sul dispositivo memorizzate
per maggiori dettagli sui tipi di informazioni utente raccolte.
Conservazione:
Firebase Crashlytics conserva le tracce dello stack di arresto anomalo, i dati minidump estratti e gli identificatori associati (inclusi gli UUID di installazione di Crashlytics e gli ID di installazione di Firebase) per 90 giorni prima di iniziare il processo di rimozione dai sistemi live e di backup.
Nota:
Firebase Crashlytics archivia i dati minidump solo temporaneamente per elaborare gli arresti anomali di NDK.
Database in tempo reale Firebase
Indirizzi IP
Agenti utente
A cosa serve:
Realtime Database utilizza indirizzi IP e agenti utente per abilitare lo
strumento profiler
, che aiuta i clienti Firebase a comprendere le tendenze di utilizzo e i guasti della piattaforma.
Conservazione:
Realtime Database conserva gli indirizzi IP e le informazioni sull'agente utente per alcuni giorni, a meno che un cliente non scelga di salvarli per un periodo più lungo.
Distribuzione dell'app Firebase
Nomi degli utenti
Indirizzi email
UDID iOS
Proteggi gli ID Android
ID di installazione di Firebase
Feedback del tester (screenshot e testo)
A cosa serve:
Firebase App Distribution utilizza i dati per distribuire build di app ai tester, monitorare l'attività dei tester, abilitare funzionalità dei tester come feedback in-app e associare i dati ai dispositivi dei tester.
Conservazione:
Firebase App Distribution conserva le informazioni dell'utente fino a quando il cliente Firebase non ne richiede l'eliminazione, dopodiché i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
FirebaseML
Immagini caricate
token di autenticazione dell'installazione
A cosa serve:
le API basate su cloud archiviano temporaneamente le immagini caricate, per elaborarle e restituirti l'analisi. Le immagini archiviate vengono generalmente eliminate entro poche ore. Per ulteriori informazioni, consulta le
domande frequenti sull'utilizzo dei dati
di Cloud Vision.
I token di autenticazione dell'installazione
vengono utilizzati da Firebase ML per l'autenticazione del dispositivo quando si interagisce con le istanze dell'app, ad esempio per distribuire modelli sviluppatore alle istanze dell'app.
Conservazione:
i token di autenticazione dell'installazione rimangono validi fino alla data di scadenza. La durata predefinita del token è una settimana.
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
Cloud Functions utilizza gli indirizzi IP per eseguire funzioni di gestione degli eventi e funzioni HTTP in base alle azioni dell'utente finale.
Conservazione:
le funzioni cloud salvano gli indirizzi IP solo temporaneamente, per fornire il servizio.
Hosting Firebase
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
l'hosting utilizza gli indirizzi IP delle richieste in arrivo per rilevare abusi e fornire ai clienti un'analisi dettagliata dei dati di utilizzo.
Conservazione:
l'hosting conserva i dati IP per alcuni mesi.
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
A cosa serve:
Firebase Cloud Messaging utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per determinare a quali dispositivi recapitare i messaggi.
Conservazione:
Firebase conserva gli ID di installazione Firebase finché il cliente Firebase non effettua una chiamata API per eliminare l'ID. Dopo la chiamata, i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Messaggistica in-app Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
A cosa serve:
la messaggistica in-app Firebase utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per determinare a quali dispositivi recapitare i messaggi.
Conservazione:
Firebase conserva gli ID di installazione Firebase finché il cliente Firebase non effettua una chiamata API per eliminare l'ID. Dopo la chiamata, i dati vengono rimossi dai sistemi live e di backup entro 180 giorni.
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
ID di installazione di Firebase
Indirizzi IP
A cosa serve:
il monitoraggio delle prestazioni utilizza gli ID di installazione Firebase per calcolare il numero di installazioni Firebase univoche che accedono alle risorse di rete, per garantire che i modelli di accesso siano sufficientemente anonimi. Utilizza inoltre gli ID di installazione Firebase con Firebase Remote Config per gestire la velocità di reporting degli eventi di prestazione. Inoltre, utilizza gli indirizzi IP per mappare gli eventi di performance nei paesi da cui provengono. Per ulteriori informazioni, vedere
Raccolta dati
.
Conservazione:
il monitoraggio delle prestazioni conserva gli eventi associati all'IP per 30 giorni e i dati sulle prestazioni associati all'installazione e non identificati per 90 giorni prima di iniziare il processo di rimozione dai sistemi attivi e di backup.
Esempi di informazioni raccolte da Crashlytics
Un UUID RFC-4122 che ci consente di deduplicare gli arresti anomali
L'UUID di installazione di Crashlytics
L'ID delle installazioni Firebase (FID)
L'ID sessione Firebase, che è un UUID casuale generato per contrassegnare gli eventi con una sessione
Il timestamp di quando si è verificato l'arresto anomalo
L'identificatore del bundle dell'app e il numero di versione completa
Il nome del sistema operativo e il numero di versione del dispositivo
Un valore booleano che indica se il dispositivo è stato sottoposto a jailbreak/root
Il nome del modello del dispositivo, l'architettura della CPU, la quantità di RAM e lo spazio su disco
Il puntatore all'istruzione uint64 di ogni frame di ogni thread attualmente in esecuzione
Se disponibile nel runtime, il metodo in testo semplice o il nome della funzione contenente ciascun puntatore all'istruzione.
Se è stata lanciata un'eccezione, il nome della classe in testo semplice e il valore del messaggio dell'eccezione
Se è stato generato un segnale fatale, il suo nome e il codice intero
Per ogni immagine binaria caricata nell'applicazione, nome, UUID, dimensione in byte e indirizzo di base uint64 in cui è stata caricata nella RAM
Un valore booleano che indica se l'app era o meno in background nel momento in cui si è verificato l'arresto anomalo
Un valore intero che indica la rotazione dello schermo al momento dell'incidente
Un valore booleano che indica se il sensore di prossimità del dispositivo è stato attivato
Il contenuto di
version-control-info.textproto
(solo per le app Android
configurate per utilizzare l'integrazione del sistema di controllo della versione (VCS)
)
Esempi di informazioni raccolte da Performance Monitoring
L'ID delle installazioni Firebase (FID)
L'ID sessione Firebase, che è un UUID casuale generato per contrassegnare gli eventi con una sessione
Informazioni generali sul dispositivo, come modello, sistema operativo e orientamento
RAM e dimensioni del disco
uso della CPU
Operatore (in base al Paese del cellulare e al codice di rete)
Informazioni radio/rete (ad esempio WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Paese (in base all'indirizzo IP)
Località/lingua
Versione dell'app
Stato in primo piano o in background dell'app
Nome del pacchetto dell'app
ID di installazione di Firebase
Tempi di durata per le tracce automatizzate
URL di rete (esclusi i parametri URL o il contenuto del payload) e le seguenti informazioni corrispondenti:
Codici di risposta (ad esempio, 403, 200)
Dimensioni del payload in byte
Tempi di risposta
Visualizza un
elenco completo
delle tracce automatiche raccolte da Performance Monitoring.
Nota:
per ulteriori informazioni sull'eliminazione dei dati associati alle installazioni, consulta
Eliminare un'installazione Firebase
.
Guide per abilitare il consenso esplicito al trattamento dei dati degli utenti finali
I servizi nella tabella sopra necessitano di una certa quantità di dati degli utenti finali per funzionare. Di conseguenza, non è possibile disattivare completamente la raccolta dei dati durante l'utilizzo di tali servizi.
Se sei un cliente che desidera offrire agli utenti la possibilità di aderire a un servizio e alla raccolta dati che ne deriva, nella maggior parte dei casi è sufficiente aggiungere una finestra di dialogo o attivare/disattivare le impostazioni prima di utilizzare il servizio.
Alcuni servizi, tuttavia, si avviano automaticamente quando inclusi in un'app. Per offrire agli utenti la possibilità di aderire prima di utilizzare tali servizi, puoi scegliere di disabilitare l'inizializzazione automatica per ciascun servizio e di inizializzarli manualmente in fase di esecuzione. Per scoprire come fare, leggi le guide qui sotto:
Messaggistica cloud:
impedisci l'inizializzazione automatica (Android)
o
impedisci l'inizializzazione automatica (iOS+)
Crashlytics:
attiva i report di attivazione (iOS+)
o
attiva i report di attivazione (Android)
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni:
attiva il monitoraggio opt-in
Se integri Firebase con Google Analytics, scopri come
configurare la raccolta dati di Analytics
.
Luoghi di archiviazione ed elaborazione dei dati
A meno che un servizio o una funzionalità non offra la selezione della posizione dei dati, Firebase può elaborare e archiviare i tuoi dati ovunque Google o i suoi agenti abbiano strutture. Le potenziali ubicazioni delle strutture variano in base al servizio.
Servizi solo negli Stati Uniti
Il servizio di autenticazione Firebase viene eseguito solo dai data center statunitensi. Di conseguenza, Firebase Authentication elabora i dati esclusivamente negli Stati Uniti.
Servizi globali
La maggior parte dei servizi Firebase viene eseguita sull'infrastruttura globale di Google. Potrebbero elaborare i dati in qualsiasi
sede di Google Cloud Platform
o
nei data center di Google
. Per alcuni servizi è possibile effettuare una specifica
selezione della posizione dei dati
che limita l'elaborazione a quella posizione.
Archiviazione nel cloud per Firebase
Cloud Fire Store
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
Hosting Firebase
Crashlytics di Firebase
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
Collegamenti dinamici Firebase
Configurazione remota Firebase
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
FirebaseML
Laboratorio di test Firebase
Controllo dell'app Firebase
Informazioni sulla sicurezza
Crittografia dei dati
I servizi Firebase crittografano i dati in transito utilizzando HTTPS e isolano logicamente i dati dei clienti.
Inoltre, diversi servizi Firebase crittografano anche i propri dati inattivi:
Cloud Fire Store
Funzioni cloud per Firebase
Archiviazione nel cloud per Firebase
Crashlytics di Firebase
Autenticazione Firebase
Messaggistica cloud Firebase
Database in tempo reale Firebase
Laboratorio di test Firebase
Controllo dell'app Firebase
Monitoraggio delle prestazioni di Firebase
Pratiche di sicurezza
Per mantenere i dati personali al sicuro, Firebase adotta ampie misure di sicurezza per ridurre al minimo l'accesso:
Firebase limita l'accesso a dipendenti selezionati che hanno lo scopo aziendale di accedere ai dati personali.
Firebase registra l'accesso dei dipendenti ai sistemi che contengono dati personali.
Firebase consente l'accesso ai dati personali solo ai dipendenti che accedono con l'accesso a Google e
l'autenticazione a 2 fattori
.
Dati del servizio Firebase
I dati del servizio Firebase sono informazioni personali che Google raccoglie e genera durante la fornitura e l'amministrazione dei servizi Firebase
*
, esclusi i dati del cliente
**
come definito nei nostri contratti con i clienti relativi ai servizi Firebase e
ai dati del servizio Google Cloud
. Esempi di dati di servizio Firebase includono informazioni sull'utilizzo del servizio, identificatori di risorse come ID applicazione e nome pacchetto/ID bundle, dettagli tecnici e operativi sull'utilizzo come indirizzi IP e comunicazioni dirette con gli sviluppatori da feedback e conversazioni relative al supporto.
*I servizi coperti includono Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Check, Firebase App Distribution, Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links, Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML, Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database, Firebase Configurazione remota e archiviazione della segmentazione degli utenti Firebase.
**Per ulteriori informazioni su come trattiamo i dati dei clienti, consulta i nostri
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati Firebase
.
Esempi di come i dati del servizio Firebase vengono elaborati da Firebase
Google utilizza i dati del servizio Firebase in conformità con la nostra
politica sulla privacy
e i termini applicabili. I dati del servizio Firebase vengono utilizzati, ad esempio, per:
Fornisci i servizi Firebase richiesti
Fornire consigli per ottimizzare l'uso dei servizi Firebase
Mantenere e migliorare i servizi Firebase
Fornire e migliorare altri servizi richiesti
Comprendi il tuo utilizzo di Firebase e di altri servizi Google
Fornire un supporto migliore e comunicare con te
Proteggi te, i nostri utenti, il pubblico e Google
Rispettare gli obblighi di legge
Utilizzo dei dati del servizio Firebase da parte di servizi Google non Firebase
Puoi controllare se i tuoi dati del servizio Firebase possono essere utilizzati da Google per fornire analisi, approfondimenti e consigli più approfonditi sui servizi Google
non Firebase
e migliorare i servizi Google
non Firebase
. Puoi configurarlo nella pagina delle impostazioni sulla privacy dei dati di Firebase.
Se questo controllo è disabilitato, i dati del servizio Firebase continueranno a essere utilizzati per altri scopi, come quelli sopra menzionati, in conformità con la nostra
politica sulla privacy
e i termini applicabili, incluso per fornire consigli e migliorare i servizi
Firebase
e per fornire e migliorare altri i servizi richiesti, ad esempio i prodotti Google collegati al tuo progetto Firebase.
Hai ancora domande? Contattaci
Per qualsiasi domanda relativa alla privacy non trattata qui,
contatta l'assistenza Firebase
. Se sei uno sviluppatore Firebase, includi il tuo ID app Firebase. Trova il tuo ID app Firebase nella scheda Le
tue app
delle
settings
Impostazioni progetto
.
Questa pagina è stata utile?
Invia feedback
Salvo quando diversamente specificato, i contenuti di questa pagina sono concessi in base alla
licenza Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
, mentre gli esempi di codice sono concessi in base alla
licenza Apache 2.0
. Per ulteriori dettagli, consulta le
norme del sito di Google Developers
. Java è un marchio registrato di Oracle e/o delle sue consociate.
Ultimo aggiornamento 2024-03-20 UTC.
Info
Chat
Su questa pagina
Protezione dati
Supporto Firebase per GDPR e CCPA
Termini per l'elaborazione e la sicurezza dei dati Firebase
Firebase è certificato secondo i principali standard di privacy e sicurezza
Informativa sul trattamento dei dati
Esempi di dati degli utenti finali elaborati da Firebase
Guide per abilitare il consenso esplicito al trattamento dei dati degli utenti finali
Luoghi di archiviazione ed elaborazione dei dati
Informazioni sulla sicurezza
Crittografia dei dati
Pratiche di sicurezza
Dati del servizio Firebase
Esempi di come i dati del servizio Firebase vengono elaborati da Firebase
Utilizzo dei dati del servizio Firebase da parte di servizi Google non Firebase
Sub-policy 4
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/app-store/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
We collect your personal data so that we can provide you the content you purchase, download, or want to update in the App Store and other Apple online stores, including the iTunes Store and Apple Books.
We also use information about your account, purchases, and downloads in the stores to offer advertising to ensure that ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks, where available, are relevant to you. You have choices with respect to this advertising, as described below.
We use information about your purchases, downloads, and other activities in the stores to tailor features, offer personalized recommendations, and send you notifications including for Apple marketing. You can opt out of the use of this data for this purpose, as described below.
To help identify and prevent fraud, information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive, will be used to compute a device trust score when you attempt a purchase. The submissions are designed so Apple cannot learn the real values on your device. The scores are stored for a fixed time on our servers.
To find ways to improve the stores, we use information about your browsing, purchases, searches, and downloads. These records may be stored with IP address, a random unique identifier (where that arises), and Apple Account when you are signed in to the App Store or other Apple online stores.
Providing the Stores
We use your personal data to provide the services and features in the App Store and other Apple online stores. This information includes, for example, your account and payment information, which you can access and change in settings, and your purchase history.
We may also use your personal data to provide certain services that you request, such as refund requests. These can include refund requests that you send directly to Apple or that you send to Apple as facilitated by app developers. With your consent, developers may provide certain personal data to Apple to assist with processing these refund requests, such as whether you used the purchase.
When you download an app from the App Store, or install an app on your Apple Watch, identifiers such as your device’s hardware ID and IP address are logged by Apple along with your Apple Account. Apple may use the IP address of your internet connection to approximate your location in order to determine whether certain apps that are subject to legal restrictions in some regions can be made available to you.
Improving the Stores
To improve and optimize the experience in the App Store and other Apple online stores, apps, and services, we collect information about your usage of the stores, including when you open or close the App Store, what content you search for, the content you view and download, and your interactions with App Store push notifications and badges, as well as messages from the App Store within apps. We also collect information about your device such as the type of device, the version of your operating system, and the amount of free space on your device. We may use this information in the following ways, for example:
To offer trending searches and personalized features like More Games You Might Like
To assess whether requested content can be downloaded
To understand general trends in the use of device storage, and whether your device is connected by Wi-Fi or cellular
We may also use your ratings and reviews of apps on the App Store and what you search for to improve models that power the App Store. For example, app reviews and aggregated search queries from you and other App Store users are used to provide review summaries and to fine-tune the App Store search model.
Personalizing the Stores
We use your interactions with the App Store to help you discover the content that’s most relevant to you. For example, we recommend content that we think will be of interest to you based on what you’ve previously searched for, viewed, downloaded, updated, or reviewed in the App Store. We also use your purchase history, including in-app purchases, subscriptions, and payment methods together with account information derived from your Apple Account, such as the devices you use and new devices you activate. To make better recommendations, we also use aggregate information about app launches, installs, and deletions from users who choose to share device analytics with Apple, and aggregate information about app ratings. The App Store uses local, on-device processing to enhance our recommendations. Using app usage data stored on your device — such as the apps you frequently open, the time you spend using certain apps, and your app installs and uninstalls — the App Store can suggest apps and in-app events that are more relevant to you. The information Apple receives about your usage of the stores includes information about the personalized content you tap and view.
You can turn off personalization features in the App Store, Apple Books, the iTunes Store, Apple TV, Podcasts, and for subscriptions from Apple by turning off Personalized Recommendations for your Apple Account. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > [your name] > Media & Purchases > View Account, and then tap to turn off Personalized Recommendations. You can clear the app usage data logged on your device for personalization on iOS and iPadOS devices by going to Settings > App Store > Personalized Recommendations and tapping Clear App Usage Data. This will not delete data logged on your device, but any data logged at the point when you clear your app usage data will no longer be used for personalization. The App Store personalization features will use new data logged after you cleared your app usage data history.
Communicating with You
Apple may use information about your account, such as the Apple products you own and your subscriptions to Apple services, to send you communications about the App Store and other Apple products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you. Apple may also use information about your activity within the App Store to send you communications about new features, content, and offers available on the App Store.
Email Marketing
You may receive these communications by email, if you consent to receive email marketing. You can change your email preferences and opt out of receiving these emails by going to
account.apple.com
, or on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings > [your name] > Personal Information > Communication Preferences.
Push Notifications
You may also receive these communications by push notification. To update your notification preferences or to opt out of notifications on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > Notifications > App Store.
Advertising
Apple-delivered advertising helps people discover apps, products, and services on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks. We use information about your device, account, purchases, subscriptions, and previous downloads to ensure that ads are relevant. On the App Store, we may also use contextual information, including your search terms when you run a search, and information about the page you are viewing or the app you are downloading, to serve you a relevant ad. We create groups of people, called segments, who share similar characteristics and we use these groups for delivering targeted ads. Information about you is used to determine which segments you are assigned to, and thus, which ads you receive. To protect your privacy, targeted ads are delivered only if more than 5,000 people meet the targeting criteria. The information used to determine which ads are relevant to you is tied to random identifiers and not tied to your Apple Account.
When selecting which ad to display on the App Store from multiple ads for which you are eligible, we may use some of the above mentioned information, as well as your App Store searches and browsing activity, to determine which ad is likely to be most relevant to you. App Store browsing activity includes information like the content and apps you tap and view while browsing the App Store. This information is aggregated across users so that it does not identify you. We may also use local, on-device processing to select which ad to display, using information stored on your device, such as the apps you frequently open. Apple’s advertising platform receives information about the ads you tap and view against a random identifier not tied to your Apple Account.
If you allow App Store to access your location, your approximate location may be used to provide geographically targeted ads on the App Store. You can opt out of location-based functionality at any time on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services > App Store, then tapping Never.
If the Personalized Ads setting is turned on, Apple’s advertising platform may use your information to serve ads that are more relevant to you. If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple’s advertising platform, you can choose to turn off Personalized Ads. Turning off Personalized Ads will prevent Apple from using your information for ad targeting. It may not decrease the number of ads you receive, but the ads may be less relevant to you.
Learn more about Apple Advertising & Privacy at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising
.
Learn how to opt out of personalized ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks at
support.apple.com/105131
.
Sharing with Third Parties
We are obligated to provide some non-personal data to strategic partners that work with Apple to provide our products and services, help Apple market to customers, and sell ads on Apple’s behalf to display in the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks. For example, we may share non-personal data about your content purchases with app developers so that they can measure the performance of their creative work, meet royalty and accounting requirements, and improve their products and services.
We may share information with developers to help them operate and improve their apps. Developers can access usage information, provided by users who opt in, that allows them to look at aggregated data from groups of users that have similar characteristics or behavior, as long as the data comes from groups of no less than five users. Developers can also access receipt information for purchases and refunds of their products and services in the App Store. The receipts provided to developers do not include personal data; however, developers could seek to associate them with personal data from your use and download of their apps, if you have provided it to them.
If you purchase a subscription in a third-party app, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. We use the Subscriber ID to provide reports to the developer that include information about the subscription you purchased and your country or region of residence. This information is provided to developers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions. If you cancel all of your subscriptions with a particular developer, and if you don’t resubscribe, the Subscriber ID will be reset after 180 days.
In certain regions, if you make an external purchase for digital goods or services for an app, meaning your purchase is not made with Apple’s in-app payment system, the app developer for that app will report to Apple information about the purchase, including amount paid and item purchased, for Apple’s accounting, reporting, and analytics purposes. Apple does not link the purchase information to your Apple Account.
In addition, when automatic downloads of in-app content from app developers occur, your device’s IP address will be visible to the app developer before the app is first opened. The handling of your IP address by the app developer is governed by the app developer’s privacy policies. To turn off automatic downloads of in-app content from developers before you first open an app, go to Settings > App Store, then tap to turn off In-App Content.
Applicable Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data in the App Store generally for performance of your contract with Apple, as necessary for providing the service, and to comply with our legal obligations. Where consent is the appropriate legal basis, we seek it in accordance with applicable local law.
Where applicable local law provides, we process personal data as necessary for purposes of our legitimate interests or those of a third party in order to:
Display relevant content, assess whether your device has enough space to download requested content, and facilitate automatic downloads of updated content
Help improve and optimize the App Store and other Apple products and services for you and others
Send you offers via email and push notifications that may be of interest to you, and to create segments to serve you ads in the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks
Process refund requests
Provide reporting to developers on purchases in their apps
Prevent fraud and other malicious activity
The data used includes:
Your use of the App Store app, such as your interactions with content you search for, view, download, and purchase, as well as App Store notifications and messages and in-app notifications and messages
Details about your device and account
Your IP address
The device trust score
Retention
We retain personal data associated with your purchases and downloads on the App Store and other Apple online stores for the periods specified by applicable laws relating to financial reporting, which vary by region. For most customers, that requires at least a 10-year retention period but in regions such as China that period can be 30 years. We also retain a record of your purchase and downloads of content for at least as long as you have an account with us to allow you to download that content, again in line with our applicable terms. We retain other information such as browsing activity and searches for a shorter period. The period chosen takes account of applicable legal requirements to retain data and specific business use cases. However, some information, such as purchases but not your stored card details, may be retained as business records even after you close your account or stop using the App Store.
When you use a payment card, Apple may retain and automatically update your card number and billing information for future purchases, recurring transactions, or other uses you authorize. Apple may obtain this information from your financial institution or payment network, and also use it for fraud prevention and verification.
Preventing Fraud and Other Malicious Activity
We also collect personal data to prevent fraud and other malicious activity in the App Store and other Apple online stores, and other Apple apps and services. This information includes device information, such as device type and software version, location information (approximated by matching the IP address of your internet connection to a geographic region, if available), download and purchase history, searches, and other interactions with the stores.
When you initiate a purchase, or when a subscription is set to auto-renew, Apple may use information about your historical business relationship with Apple to process the request and determine whether to provide the product or service in advance of authorization by the payment partner.
We also compute a device trust score on your device when you attempt a purchase using information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive. The submission is designed so Apple cannot learn the underlying values on your device. The score is stored for a fixed time on our servers.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
.
Published Date: January 27, 2025