Ezbuy (hereinafter “we” or Ezbuy) realizes the concerns of the users regarding their personal data how it is collected, used, shared and protected. We are striving to protect your personal data in accordance with the applicable laws. Your protection will be covered the use of any of the features, functions, mini-apps or mobile games available on our Platform or Services, the interaction between you and us via an external service, application or through our customer service agents, or access our Services or our Platform through your computer, mobile device, or any other device with Internet connectivity.
PLEASE WALK THROUGH THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING OR CHECKING “REGISTER”, “I AGREE TO EZBUYTERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY”, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU HAVE AGREED AND CONSENTED TO THE COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, STORAGE, TRANSFER AND/OR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS DESCRIBED AND UNDER THE TERMS HEREIN.
1. Introduction to this Privacy Policy
1.1. Ezbuy and its affiliates (collectively or individually, "Ezbuy", "we" or "us") focus on transparency and provide the entities as required:
Singapore: EZBUY HOLDINGS LIMITED
1.2. Your personal data will be collected, used, disclosed, shared, and retained when you use our services via web or apps. In this Privacy Policy, you will see some definitions.
Platform means all relevant applications and websites (both web and mobile versions);
Services refer to all products, information, functions and services provided or operated by Ezbuy on the Platform.
1.3. This Privacy Policy will help guide you know what we collect from you, how we process your data directly collected from you, who we share the data to and for what reasons and purposes, how long we will save your data and how we delete or destroy your personal data.
1.4. Upon Section 1.3, it is crucial for you to read this thoroughly and carefully of this policy so that you can freely make a decision based on your understanding of the terms of this policy.
1.5. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy if have will be published and disclosed accordingly. Unless prohibits by the applicable laws, use of the Services or access to the Platform, including the order placement, after the updates of the Privacy policy, contemplates as consent or willing to be bound to the new version of the Policy. It is your responsibility to review and check the Privacy Policy on a reasonable basis to see the differences.
1.6. This Privacy Policy prevails wherever other policies, notices, contractual clauses and letters or documents contradict and no document is intended to override thereof unless we state expressly otherwise.
1.7. All of these terms apply to Ezbuy's users, no matter as a guest, a visitor or an account member, unless otherwise stated explicitly only to apply certain subjects.
2. The Personal Data We Collect From You
2.1. We will not collect the personal data described below in accordance with applicable local laws and, if required, until your consent is granted.
2.2. Personal data means data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data; or from that data and other information to which the organisation has or is likely to have access.
2.3. You will be asked to provide us with certain information before using of our Platform and/or Services. For purpose of goods and service provision, we need your consent to allow us to process your essential data, otherwise some functions or services might be limited. The personal data that you may opt to provide to us are as follows:
(a) My Setting, which may include your date of birth, gender, username and password, email address, notification, email address, telephone number, preference, delivery address and any personal data in any photographs or videos or audio recordings that you upload onto our Platform. When you act as a seller, we may also collect your company name, address, date of incorporation, and other business-related information (e.g. company registration number, business licence, tax information, shareholder and director information if it is necessary).
(b) Payment Data, which may include your credit card details, bank account details, bank statements, delivery/ billing address, payments and orders to and from you, and other details of products and services that you have supplied to or purchased through the Platform.
(c) Access and Use Data, which may include information about how and when you use the Platform, products and Services or view any content on the Platform, as well as websites you were visiting before you came to the Platform and other similar statistics.
(d) Communication and Marketing Data, which may include your interests, survey responses, preferences in receiving marketing materials from us and your communication preferences, your preferences for particular products or services, as well as your feedback, chat, email or call history on the Platform or with third party service providers.
(e) Location data, which includes the information of a delivery address and pick-up address.
2.4. Certain type of data will be processed for automatic decision, like profiling after your explicit consent.
How we receive your personal data
2.5. In the duration of your use of our Platform or Service, we may receive your personal data as follows:
(a) When you browse our websites or Apps;
(b) When you create an account with us;
(c) When you request for, subscribe to or otherwise use any of the Services on our Platform and/or on the platforms of our affiliates;
(d) When you make a payment regarding the products and service concerning to on the Platform;
(e) When you share any user-generated content on the Platform;
(f) When you use the chat function on the Platform;
(g) When you enter a campaign, promotion or survey;
(h) When you sign in to your Ezbuy account or otherwise contact us via other applications or online services, such as Facebook or Google;
(i) When any other user of the Platform posts any comments on the content you have uploaded on the Platform or when you post any comments on other users’ content uploaded to the Platform;
(j) When a complaint filed against you or the content you have posted on the Platform infringes; and
(k) When you interact with us via inbox ticket, including when you interact with our outsourced customer service agents.
2.6. We may collect personal data from you, third parties (including but not limited to agents, vendors, contractors, partners and any others who provide services to us, who collect your personal information and/or perform functions on our behalf, or with whom we collaborate, including but not limited to payment service providers, government sources of data, financial services providers, credit bureaus, delivery, marketing and other service partners), our affiliates, or such data may be collected automatically when you use the Platform or the Services, as set out in this section. Please see also Sections 2.11 to 2.15 on the collection of computer data.
2.7. In the duration of use our Platform or Service, you consent to transfer your personal data from third parties and/or our affiliates to Ezbuy for the purposes in this Privacy Policy or any other terms.
2.8. You promise to provide us with accurate personal data in a timely manner and inform us of or updates any changes to the personal data. You permit us to ask for additional documentation and carry out the necessary checks to verify identification.
2.9. The Service or Platform we provided depends on your personal data given. We are unable to provide you with certain features or functionality on the Services or access to the Platform if you choose not to provide the essential data or withdraw your previous consent.
2.10. When you log on our Platform via your social media account or link your Ezbuy account to your social media account or use certain other Ezbuy social media features, your personal data will be voluntarily provided to us from your social media provider in accordance with the provider's policies and this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Computer Data
2.11. After the consent granted by you, we or our authorised service providers will use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies in connection with your use of the Services or access to the Platform.
2.12. This data is collected for analysis and evaluation purposes, to improve our website and the services and products provide, as well as to help us personalize your interests and preference more concisely.
2.13. YOU EXPRESS YOUR CONSENT TO THE DATA COLLECTED USED FOR ADVERTISING AND MARKETING TO FACILITATE SERVICES AND FEATURES.
2.14. Cookies are small pieces or fragments of files (typically made up of letters and numbers) containing personal data placed in the memory of your browser or device when you visit a website or view a message. Web beacons are small graphic images that may be included on our Services and the Platform, allowing us to count users who have viewed these pages so that we can better understand your preference and interests.
2.15. You have the right to control the use of your cookies on your browser or device. You may have a setting, such as incognito mode or cookie cache clearing, to forbid us to get access.
3. Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Purpose of Use
3.1. We use and disclose personal data for the purposes described below in accordance with applicable laws and, if required, upon obtaining your consent or deemed consent.
3.2. Whichever your relationship with us (e.g., a buyer, a guest, a user or an account holder), the personal data collected from you or a third party, if have, may be used for certain purposes, as follows:
(a) To provide you the Goods and Services or access to the Platform;
(b) To administer an account created;
(c) To conduct analytics, research, business and development:
(d) Legal and public interest purposes, for example, fraud identification, information accuracy, merger and acquisition of the business.
(e) Any other purpose for which we would acquire consent from you, in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws.
3.3. In the event that you act as a buyer when you use our Service, the personal data which we collect from you may be used for other purposes, as follows:
(i) Processing your order for products, including order processing, product return and return delivery, or payment credential verification.
(ii) Providing Services, including products delivery, payment program (e.g., pay later) or loyalty membership programs;
(iii) Marketing and advertising, including the promotion newsletters or personalized triggering emails.
3.4. When you act as a seller, the personal data which we collect from you or via third parties may be used for other purposes, as follows:
(i) Providing Services
• Successful shipping or delivering of products you have listed or sold through the Platform, we may share your personal information with a third party (e.g. our logistics partners, our affiliates) or relevant regulatory authority (e.g. customs) in order to carry out shipping or delivery of the products listed or sold by you;
•Responding to your questions, comments, feedback, claims or disputes, whether directly or through our third-party service agents;
• Verifying and reviewing your documentation to facilitate your onboarding with us as a seller on the Platform, including the testing of technologies to enable faster and more efficient onboarding;
• Showing your name, username or profile on the Platform;
• Processing financial transactions (including any credit card payments, bank transfers, offline payments, remittances, or e-wallet transactions) in relation to payments related to you, promotions participated by you and/or Services used by you. To facilitate the payment transactions, your personal data may be shared with third party services;
• Assess your application for loan facilities and/or to perform credit risk assessments in relation to your applications for seller financing and products, including credit or loan facilities, insurance or credit cards (where applicable);
• Promoting return services (which may be through our logistics partner).
(ii) Marketing and advertising
• To send you marketing or promotional materials about our or third-party sellers’ products and services on our Platform or services which may be provided by our affiliates from time to time; and
• To help us conduct marketing and advertising.
(iii) Other
• To know our sellers better; and
• To conduct automated decision-making processes in accordance with any of these purposes, which will be carried out in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws, including notifying and obtain your consent to the same.
Who we disclose your personal data to
3.5. We may share your personal data with third parties and/or our affiliates, including vendors, partners, agents, contractors, subcontractors, employees, or the permitted stakeholders within or beyond your jurisdiction for the foregoing purposes. You may see some examples below:
(i) Service providers respectively in shipping, warehouse, marketing, analytics, research, survey, customer service, and information technology and website hosting fields;
(iii) Legal institutions or government authorities, such as courts, tribunals, enforcement agencies, government or regulatory authorities within their jurisdiction over Ezbuy.
3.6. The third parties and affiliates both are under strict requirements and standards of safeguards we asked for in the course of disclosure of your personal data. To avoid any unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, processing or data breach, we as well as the recipients will implement sufficient organizational or technical measures.
International data transfer
3.7. In the Privacy Policy, we will seek your approval for the transfer of your personal data for the purposes of the abovementioned under the adequate protection set forth under applicable laws.
4. Withdrawal of Consent to Continued Use, Disclosure, Storing and/or Processing of Personal Data
4.1. You freely withdraw your consent to the continued usage, disclosure, storage and/or processing of your personal data by relay on the contact details below.
4.2. However, you shall be noted that your withdrawal of consent will not interfere with your previous consent to allow us to process your personal data. Also, once you notify us of your right of withdrawal under applicable local laws, we will comply with your request duly unless your recent orders placed are on the way. If it is, we will observe your request after the finalization of the order.
Marketing information
4.3. You may unsubscribe promotional newsletters, personalized emails available both on mobile devices or web ends. Nevertheless, due to technical difficulties, the effect will take 24 hours to reflect, which implies you could receive one or two marketing emails then.
5. Updating Your Personal Data
5.1. Your personal data accuracy is crucial for us to provide satisfied Services. You shall update your personal data in a timely manner because relying on your accurate personal data, we provide you with Services.
5.2. You can update your personal data in the “My Account” Section.
5.3. Your updated personal data will be shared with third parties so that we can sustainably provide high-quality and the right Services.
6. Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Data
6.1. You have the right to ask for information about how your personal data is collected, processed, used or disclosed, and stored by contacting us below. You can access your personal data through the dashboard. To realize your right to access and correction, you shall cooperate with us by providing essential information to verify your identity. Where permissible under law, we may refuse such correction requests if deemed vexatious or unreasonable.
6.2. Permissible by applicable data protection laws, we may charge a reasonable administrative fee for retrieving your personal data records through emails.
7. Security of Your Personal Data
7.1. We implement adequate technical and organisational measures from unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, processing, copying, modification, disposal, loss, misuse or any risk analogous to during the course of your use of our Platform and/or Services, for example:
(a) Restricting access to personal data to individuals who require access;
(b) Maintaining technology products to prevent unauthorised computer access;
(c) Using SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology when processing your financial details;
(d) Firewall and antiworm applications from sever layer, database layer and physical layer; and/or
(e) Implementing other security measures as required by applicable law.
7.2. Despite implementation of diversified technology, we cannot in no way guarantee that either transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. Notwithstanding, we commit to protecting the security of your information and are constantly checking, updating and strengthening our information security measures.
8. Retention of Personal Data
8.1. We will retain your personal data for as long a period as it is required or permitted to by law or agreed upon by you and Ezbuy.
8.2. In the course of retention time, we will protect your personal data under section 7.
9. Minors
9.1. Ezbuy does not sell products or intend to provide services to minors defined under applicable laws. We do not knowingly or actually know about the collection of any personal data relating to minors.
9.2. Our Service is not accessible for minors and thus we need hereby confirm and warrant that your age does not fall into minors. You are capable of understanding and accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy.
9.3. As a parent or legal guardian, please do not allow minors out of your care to enter Ezbuy by submitting any personal data. In the event that such personal data of a minor is disclosed to Ezbuy, you hereby proactively request to close this account, or your activities will be regarded as consent to the processing of the minor’s personal data, accepting and agreeing to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
9.4. Any unauthorised use of the Services attributed to you or users who act on your behalf is not responsible for us. You have the liability to keep your step of access and use of our Service in a secure environment.
10. Third Party Sites
10.1. Ezbuy.com may contain links to other websites operated by other parties, such as our business affiliates, merchants or payment gateways. The privacy practices of these sites are out of our control. However, we will use tools to protect your interest at our best efforts. You shall be responsible for carefully reading and checking the privacy policies of these websites and safeguarding your interests on your own.
10.2. The third parties, including the affiliates, may be beyond the control of our scope, each of which has different privacy practices and independent data collection rules. Therefore, there should be free of responsibility or liability from us in terms of the content, security arrangements and activities of these linked sites. These linked sites intend for your convenience, which you therefore visit them at your own risk. Nevertheless, we welcome your responses or comments with regard to the links in the pursuit of data security of our Service.
11. Questions, Feedback, Concerns, Suggestions or Complaints
11.1. We are glad to hear from you if you have any concerns about our data protection policy, or wish to exercise any rights under applicable law, you may contact us via marketing@ezbuy.com