Privacy Policy
Updated
January 27
, 2022
Welcome to the
				Mayo Clinic website, mobile app, and related sites and digital and online
				services (“
Mayo Clinic Site,
” the “
Site,
” or “
Sites
”), an
				online e-commerce, information, and communications service provided by Mayo
				Clinic and all affiliates (“
Mayo Clinic
” or “
We
” or “
Us
”).
We take your
				privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and
				protect your information. In addition to this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”),
				users of the Mayo Clinic Site should consult the Mayo Clinic Site
Terms of Use
as well as any product-specific terms and conditions that
				apply. You may review
policies
specifically related to patient information (protected
				health information or PHI) submitted through Mayo Clinic's
Patient Online Services
.
This Privacy
				Policy applies to all Sites where it is posted. Other Mayo Clinic online
				properties may have their own privacy policies that apply to those sites. You
				should review those privacy policies in connection with your use of those
				sites.
What Information
					We Collect
Information
					you give us:
We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the Mayo Clinic Sites.
				We receive and store some information that you enter on our Sites or that you provide
				to us through the Sites in any other way.
The information
				we collect or that you provide on or through our Sites or by using our services
				includes:
·
Data
that
			may personally identify you, including your name, postal address, billing
			address, shipping address, e-mail address, home, work and mobile telephone
			numbers, age, date of birth, social security number, insurance policy number,
			physical characteristics that may personally identify you, sexual orientation,
			IP address, bank account number, credit or debit card number (for payment
			purposes only), national origin, ancestry, veteran or military status, medical
			conditions, race, citizenship, information about any physical or mental
			disabilities you may have, information related to your religious or
			philosophical beliefs, political opinions, information regarding your gender at
			birth and how you currently express your gender identity, information related
			to your sex life, such as pregnancy, child birth and related medical
			conditions, any history of criminal convictions,
biometric information
(
such as fingerprints, exercise data, psychological
				characteristics, face prints, gait patterns, genetics, behavioral
				characteristics, voice, sleep data, and iris/retina scans),
and genetic
			information (including familial genetic information)
(collectively, “
Personal Data
”);
·
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Sites,
				such as appointment request forms or product ordering forms. It also includes
				information you provide when you register to use our Sites, purchase products,
				or use services available through the Sites or facilities. We may also ask you
				for information when you report a problem with our Sites.
Some forms collect sensitive information, such as health
				information, necessary for us to provide our services to
you
;
·
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email
				addresses), if you contact
us;
·
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you
			to complete for research, development, and marketing purposes;
and
·
Details of transactions you carry out through our Sites and of the
				fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial
				information before placing an order through our Sites.
You
				also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “
Posted
”) on public areas of the Sites
				or transmitted to other users of the Sites or third parties (collectively, “
User Contributions
”). Your User
				Contributions are Posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
				Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security
				measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the
				actions of other users of the Sites with whom you may choose to share your User
				Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User
				Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information
					we collect automatically:
We collect information about you automatically as you navigate
				through or use our Sites. Information collected automatically may include usage
				details, IP addresses, session replay and recording technology (recording your
				movements, clicks, etc. on our Sites), and information collected through
				cookies, web beacons, pixels tags, and other tracking technologies. As you
				navigate through and interact with our Sites, we may use automatic data
				collection technologies (such as session replay and tracking technologies
				referred to above) to collect certain information about your equipment,
				browsing actions, and patterns, specifically:
·
Usage Details.
Details of your
				visits to our Sites, such as traffic data, location, logs, referring/exit
				pages,
date
and time of your visit to or use of our Sites,
				error information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the
				resources that you access and use on or in the Sites.
·
Device
					Information.
Information
				about your computer, mobile device, and Internet connection, specifically your
				IP address, operating system, browser type, and App version information.
·
Location Data.
Information
				about your location collected through Geolocation technology. Mayo Clinic
				applications and services that run on mobile devices do not generally use
				geolocation. However, the Mayo Clinic app can collect and use geolocation
				information only for the limited purpose of facilitating check-in to your
				scheduled appointment upon arrival. You may disable this functionality on your
				mobile device by removing permission for the Mayo Clinic app to use location
				services at any time.
The
				information we collect automatically may include Personal Data or we may
				maintain or associate information we collect with Personal Data we collect in other
				ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Sites and to
				deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
·
estimate our audience size and usage
patterns;
·
improve our product and services
offering;
·
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize
				our Sites according to your individual interests; and
·
recognize and/or authenticate you when you return to our Sites.
The
				technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
·
Cookies (or
					browser cookies)
.
We and our service providers may use cookies,
					web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of
					information whenever you interact with our Sites through your computer or
					mobile device.
A cookie is a small file or piece of data sent from a
				website and stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. On your
				computer, you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the
				appropriate setting on your browser, and you may have similar capabilities on
				your mobile device in the preferences for your operating system or browser.
				However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access or use certain
				parts of our Sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser or operating system
				setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you
				direct your browser to our Website or use our App.
·
Pixels
				and Web Beacons
. Pages on our Sites, or our e-mails, may contain small
			electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel
			tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who
			have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related
Sites
statistics (for example, recording the popularity of
			certain Sites content and verifying system and server integrity). For example,
			we use Tealium, Inc. (“Tealium”), to understand how users interact with our
			Sites. We use this information to assist us in improving our user
			experience.
·
Google
					Analytics
.
We use Google Analytics, a web
				analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“
Google
”) to collect certain information relating to your use of our
				Sites. Google Analytics uses cookies
,
which are text files placed on your computer, to help our Sites analyze how
				users use the Sites. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you
				visit our Sites by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners'
				sites or apps”, (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
We may also use Google Analytics Advertising
					Features or other advertising networks to provide you with interest-based
					advertising based on your online activity.
For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google's
				website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
.
·
Facebook
				Pixel
. We use Facebook Pixel, a web analytics and advertising service
			provided by Facebook Inc. (“
Facebook
”)
			on our Platform. With its help, we and our customers can keep track of what
			users do after they see or click on a Facebook advertisement, keep track of
			users who access our Platform or advertisements from different devices, and
			better provide advertisements to our target audiences. The data from Facebook
			Pixel is also saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook can connect this data
			with your Facebook or Instagram account and use it for its own and others
			advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Policy which can be
			found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
			Please click here if you would like to withdraw your consent for use of your
			data with Facebook Pixel
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#_=_
.
·
Do Not Track Signals.
Some web browsers permit you to broadcast a
				signal to websites and online services indicating a preference that they “do
				not track” your online activities.
At
					this time
,
				we do not honor such signals; although, we currently do not use automated data
				collection technologies to collect information about your online activities
				over time and across third party websites or other online services for any
				purpose, including advertising.
Email Communications,
					Newsletter, and Related services
Our Sites
				provide you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third
				parties. For example, you can sign up for a free Mayo Clinic email newsletter.
				You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time. You may use the
				unsubscribe mechanism or link in our marketing emails if you wish to stop
				receiving marketing emails from us.
Email
				communications that you send to us via the email links on our Site may be
				shared with a customer service representative, employee, medical expert, or
				agent that is most able to address your inquiry. We make every effort to
				respond in a timely fashion once communications are received. Once we have
				responded to your communication, it is discarded or archived, depending on the
				nature of the inquiry. Note, that email communications that you send us via the
				email links on our Site are not automatically encrypted, and it is possible
				that unencrypted email communications with us may be accessed or viewed by
				another internet user while in transit to us.
Surveys
We
				occasionally survey visitors to our site. The information from these surveys is
				used in aggregated, de-identified form to help us understand the needs of our
				visitors so that we can improve our site. The information may be shared with
				third parties with whom we have a business relationship. We generally do not
				ask for information in surveys that would personally identify you; if we do
				request contact information for follow-up, you may decline to provide it. If
				survey respondents provide personal information (such as an email address) in a
				survey, it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to
				the question or request, or with third parties who perform data management
				services for our site. Those third parties have agreed to keep all data from
				surveys confidential.
How We Use
					the Information We Collect
In addition
				to the uses described above, we use the information we collect for things like:
·
Optimizing
				the performance and user experience of our
sites;
·
Operating,
				evaluating, and improving our
business;
·
Providing
				healthcare
services;
·
Fulfilling purchases,
				orders, and requests for products, services, or information on our e-commerce
				sites, including the Mayo Clinic Store and Mayo Clinic
Marketplace;
·
Processing
				returns and exchanges from our e-commerce sites, including the Mayo Clinic
				Store and Mayo Clinic
Marketplace;
·
Tracking and
				confirming online orders from our e-commerce sites, including the Mayo Clinic
				Store and Mayo Clinic
Marketplace;
·
Delivering or
				installing
products;
·
Marketing and
				advertising products and services, including by inferring your interests from
				your interactions with our websites and newsletters and tailoring
				advertisements, newsletters, and offers to you (both on our websites and on
				other websites) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online
interests;
·
Sending you
				email
newsletters;
·
Conducting
				research and
analysis;
·
Communicating
				with you about your account, special events, and surveys; and
·
Establishing
				and managing your accounts with us.
We may
				combine this information with any other information we have about you,
				including, if you are a Mayo Clinic patient, any PHI we have about
				you. If we combine this information with your PHI, we will treat
all of
that information as PHI and will only use or
				disclose that information as set forth in our
Notice of Privacy Practices
.
Data Retention
We will
				retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to
				provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
				enforce our agreements. You may request that we delete your data by contacting
				us as provided below. However, we may not be able to honor that request in all
				instances given the laws and regulations that apply to us.
For example, under state and federal law, we
				may be required to maintain some data that is specific to you and that may
				identify you, such as your medical records or other information. We may also
				have a legal basis or obligation to maintain medical and other information
				about you to provide care and treatment or to comply with our professional,
				legal, and other obligations.
Disclosure of
					Your Information
We may share
				the information we collect about you with third parties who we have engaged to
				help us provide the Site, as well as the products and services available
				through our Site. In this regard, we may disclose your Personal Data
to
			affiliates, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to
			support our business. The services provided by these organizations include
			providing IT and infrastructure support services, advertising, marketing, and
			payment processing services. Advertising and marketing partners such as
Facebook, Instagram, Google, and other
				advertising networks may receive and use your Personal Data to assist us with
				our advertising and marketing efforts.
In each case, we will ensure that these third parties have
				agreed to safeguard your data.
Our
				partner, Everyday Health, may use a third-party ad network provider, such as
				Collective Media, to help present advertisements on this website.
We may
				provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors, traffic
				patterns, and related site information. These data reflect site-usage patterns
				gathered during visits to our website each month, but they do not contain
				information that personally identifies you unless you have given us permission
				to share that information.
We may also
				disclose your Personal Data:
·
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger,
				divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or
				transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of
				bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Mayo
				Clinic about our Sites users are among the assets
transferred;
·
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide
it;
·
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information;
·
with your
consent;
·
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including
				to respond to any government or regulatory
request;
·
to affiliates to market their products or services to you if you
				have purchased one of our products and if you have not opted out of these
				disclosures. For more information, see
Choices About
					How We Use and Disclose Your Information
;
·
to enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
and other
				agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and
·
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect
				the rights, property, or safety of Mayo Clinic, our customers, or others. This
				includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the
				purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices
					About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We
				do not control third parties’ use of cookies or how they manage the information
				collected
through the use of
cookies. However, our
				sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally
				identifiable information from our Site visitors while using our Sites. These
				third parties may aggregate the information they collect with information from
				their other customers for their own purposes.
In addition, we
				strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to
				us. We have created or you have available mechanisms to provide you with
				control over your Personal Data:
·
Cookie Settings
					and Advertising
. You can set your browser or operating system to refuse all or
				some cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or
				refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Sites may then be
				inaccessible or not function properly.
·
Promotional
						Offers from Mayo Clinic
. If you do not
					wish to have your email address used by us to promote our own products and
					services, you can opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the
					bottom of any email or other marketing communications you receive from us or submitting
					a request to our
Preference Center
. This opt-out
					does not apply to information provided to Mayo Clinic
as a
						result of
a product purchase or your use of our services. If you wish to
					opt-out of such sharing, please email us at
customerservice@mayopublications.com
.
·
Disclosure of
						Your Information to Affiliates
.
By purchasing our products, you
					consent to our sharing of your Personal Data with our affiliates for their
					promotional purposes. If you wish to unsubscribe from such affiliate
					promotions, you can do so by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any
					email or other marketing communications you receive from them. If you wish to
					opt-out of such sharing, please email us at
customerservice@mayopublications.com
.
·
Targeted
					Advertising
.
To learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights
				and options, visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) websites (
www.aboutads.info
and
www.networkadvertising.org
)
. Please note that if you choose to opt out, you will continue to see ads,
				but they will not be based on your online activity.
We do not
				control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve
				interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with
				ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You
				can also opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the NAI on its
				website.
Your Rights Regarding Your Information and Accessing and
						Correcting Your Information
For non-patient information, you can Contact
					Us through the Contact Information below to access and/or find out what
					information we have about you and to correct that information. You can also review
					and change your Personal Data by logging into our site and visiting either the
					Settings or Account Preferences sections. You may also notify us through the Contact
					Information below of any changes or errors in any Personal Data we have about
					you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible or to
					delete your account. We cannot completely delete your personal information
					except by also deleting your account with us. We may not be able to accommodate
					your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or if
					we have a legal basis or obligation to maintain it, or if it would cause the
					information to be incorrect.
If you are a
					patient of Mayo Clinic, you can access the patient-related information that we
					maintain about you through
Patient Online Services
or
					through our health information management department. For more information
					about requesting your medical records, ask us or go online to the Patient and
					Visitor Guide for the location where you receive your care, then explore the
					release of information options:
http://www.mayoclinic.org/patient-visitor-guide
. You also can request a correction to your patient information
					through our Patient Online Services or health information management
					department. In our mobile app, you can request to deactivate your account;
					however,
we are still required maintain your
						patient-related information under the Health Insurance Portability and
						Accountability Act (HIPAA) and other federal and state law.
Security
Whether you
				are visiting the Mayo Clinic Site or one of our clinic locations, we use
				reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal
				information under our control, and we appropriately limit access to it. We use
				a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions
				with us. The Mayo Clinic Site uses encryption technology, such as Secure
				Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data
				transport. SSL protects information you submit via our website, such
				as ordering information including your name, address, and credit card number.
That being said, Mayo
Clinic cannot ensure or warrant the
				security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
				We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of
				personally identifiable information that you may provide. You should
				understand, however, that electronic transmissions via the internet are not
				necessarily secure from interception, and so we cannot absolutely guarantee the
				security or confidentiality of such transmissions.
Users in the
					European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland
If you are a
				resident of the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the
				following information applies with respect to personal data collected through
				your use of our Site.
Purposes of
					processing and legal basis for processing:
As explained above, we process personal data in
				various ways depending upon your use of the services. We process personal data
				on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to
				provide the services; (3) to comply with our legal obligations; and (4) as
				necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the services where those
				interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data
				privacy.
Transfers:
Personal
				data we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United
				States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or processors
				maintain facilities. We will ensure that transfers of personal data to a country
				or an international organization outside the EEA, the United Kingdom, or
				Switzerland are subject to appropriate safeguards.
Your rights:
You are
				entitled to the rights under Chapter III of the EU General Data Protection
				Regulation, the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulations and Data
				Protection Act 2018, or Section 2 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection
				with respect to the processing of your personal data, which include the right
				to access and rectify and to request erasure of personal data.
In order to
verify your identity, we may require you to
				provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing
				information about you. To exercise these rights, please contact Mayo’s Data
				Protection Officer at
INTLcompliance@mayo.edu
.
Complaints or
					concerns:
You are welcome to raise any complaints or concerns to Mayo Clinic by
				contacting Mayo’s Data Protection Officer at
INTLcompliance@mayo.edu
. You also
				have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Protecting Children's Privacy
Other than our
Patient Online Services
, o
ur Sites are
					not intended for users under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide
					any information to or through the Sites. We do not knowingly collect Personal
					Data from users under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any
					information on or in our Sites or on or through any of their features,
					including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen
					name or username you may use. If we learn we have collected or received
					Personal Data from a user under 18 without verification of parental consent, we
					will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from
					a user under 18, please
contact us at the contact information below.
Our Patient Online Services is available to patients 18
					years of age and older. It is also available to patients who are between the
					ages of 13 years old and 17 years old with the permission of their parents or
					legal guardians.
Links to Other
					Websites
Our Sites link
				to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to
				review the privacy policy on the site you're visiting.
Privacy Policy
					Updates
We may need
				to update our Privacy Policy as technology changes and Mayo Clinic evolves. If
				we make significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we'll post a prominent
				message on our websites.
California
					Residents
Mayo Clinic
				is a not for profit exempted from the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (California’s “Shine the Light”
				law) permits users of our Sites that are California residents and who provide
				Personal Data in obtaining products and services for personal, family, or
				household use to request certain information regarding our disclosure of
				Personal Data to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
If applicable, this information would include
				the categories of Personal Data and the names and addresses of those businesses
				with which we shared your Personal Data with for the immediately prior calendar
				year. You may request this information once per calendar year. To make such a
				request, please c
ontact
u
s
using the information below.
Contact Information
If you have a
				question or concern regarding your privacy, please contact Mayo Clinic's
				Privacy Officer using the contact information below:
Mayo Clinic Privacy Officer
200 First St. SW
Rochester, MN 55905
507-266-6286
PRIVACYOFFICE@mayo.edu
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.mayoclinic.org/npp:
