Home
Products
Support
Privacy Policy
SatFinder Pro
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application "SatFinder Pro" that was created by Kvasha Software developer.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
This is a data base of all TV satellites in the world application with an augmented reality feature. You can easily find and observe satellites in the sky.
Features:
• Sort by satellite
• Search by satellite name, channel name, radio name, provider name
• Displaying the channel name, radio station, a provider with a link to the official site, encoding display
• Displaying a frequency, polarization, FEC and Symbol Rate
• Displaying an azimuth, elevation, LNB-skew angles
• Satellite calculator
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application.
Automatically Collected Information
GPS location
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
When you visit the application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the coordinates you are located in. We will not share your current location with other users or partners. Determining your current location is used to calculate the angles of satellites.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will not share your information with third parties. We just register your device token and language code on our company server for sending you some push messages in the future. You can agree with it or not on your first start application and make it off/on in the future in settings. Also we use apple servers to get map image for application "Map" mode.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your device or via the application marketplace or network.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, please contact us via email at support@kvasha.us .
Last changed:
07 september 2014