App Privacy Policy
App Privacy Policy
The general
privacy policy
published by Intelligenti Ltd applies to content provided by and your use of the TapSmart app, Tips & Tricks Facebook app, the Tips & Tricks Apps, the Swipe News Facebook app and the Swipe News App (collectively referred to as “our Apps”). For full details see
https://www.tapsmart.com/privacy-policy/
.
This is the additional Intelligenti Ltd privacy policy for our Apps. As a registered Facebook user, you are also subject to Facebook’s privacy policy. Please check your Facebook account privacy settings for further information.
1. General: This application (the “
App
“) and any information obtained through the App or from other sources is stored on servers operated and maintained by or on behalf of Intelligenti Limited (“
Intelligenti
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) and/or on servers operated and maintained by the applicable application store (including, but not limited to, iTunes App Store, Android Market and BlackBerry App World) (the “
App Store
”).
Intelligenti is committed to protecting your privacy and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of information you provide to us, either directly or via the App Store, very seriously. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a consumer of this App, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you download the App, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, the choices you have regarding our use of that information and how you can correct that information. If you have any concerns, questions or comments about this privacy policy or the App you can contact us by following the instructions set out in paragraph 11 of this privacy policy.
2. Intelligenti’s Use of Information: If you purchase a subscription to the App via the App Store, you will provide the App Store with information about yourself and you will be able to select whether Intelligenti can use your information for marketing purposes. We will only use your information in accordance with your instructions and as set out in this privacy policy.
If you ask us to provide goods or services to you, we will use your information to provide those goods or services to you and to monitor our provision of those goods or services. We may also share your information with associated companies for marketing purposes. We or associated companies may contact you by mail, telephone, fax, email or by other electronic means with offers of goods and services or information that may be of interest to you. By providing us with your fax number, telephone numbers or email address you consent to being contacted by these methods for these purposes. If you do not want to receive marketing information from us or associated companies you can specify this as part of the registration process. Don’t worry – we won’t bombard you with lots of irrelevant information. You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive, by amending your marketing preferences, or by emailing
info@intelligenti.com
, giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive.
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to us processing your information as set out in this privacy policy, to our processing your sensitive personal data, such as health data and you also consent to our transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK, if necessary for these purposes. If we do make such a transfer, we will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected.
If you wish to take part in any poll or survey run in the App, we will also use your information for the purposes specified in the poll or survey. We may also disclose non-personal, aggregated information we collect through the poll or survey to third parties.
If you wish to take part in any promotion or competition run in the App, we will also use your information for the purposes specified in the promotion or competition, to make sure you are eligible to enter the promotion or competition, to contact you if you have won a prize and for publicity purposes.
3. Disclosure to third parties: We will only pass your information on to associated third parties for the purpose of enabling them to send you information which may be of interest to you if you have indicated you are happy for us to do so in your marketing preferences.
If any third party is organising and/or managing any promotion, competition, survey or poll run in the App on our behalf, we may disclose your information to that third party to enable them to do so but they will be prohibited from using your information for any other purpose, unless you have given them specific consent.
4. Maintenance and storage of information: Your information is collected and stored on servers which are owned and maintained by or on behalf of Intelligenti. We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
5. Our email newsletters: If you subscribe to receive one or more of our email newsletters you will need to register an account with us. We will provide those newsletter(s) to you free of charge, unless otherwise stated.
Our newsletters may contain promotions or advertisements relating to goods or services provided by us and associated third parties from time to time. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from an email newsletter you may do so by following the unsubscribe instructions on the newsletter or by emailing
info@intelligenti.com
, giving them your email address and details of the newsletter you no longer wish to receive.
6. Third party sites: The App may contain links to a wide variety of third party websites. We may, on occasion, disclose non-personal aggregated information to the owners or providers of those third party websites. We may display advertisements from third parties in our App. We may monetise some of the links on the App through the use of third party affiliate programmes. Notwithstanding such affiliate programmes, we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third party advertisers, nor for the way in which information about their users is treated. In particular, unless expressly stated, we are not agents for those sites or advertisers nor are we authorised to make representations on their behalf.
7. Cookies, Web beacons and similar technologies:
(a)    What are they?
A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to the hard drive of your device by a server so that some information about your browsing activity can be collected.  Other technology can also be used to collect that information without sending information to the hard drive – in this privacy policy we use the term ‘Cookie’ to mean any technology that is collecting information from your device.  The Cookie may collect information relating to your use of our apps, websites and/or information about your device such as the device ID, IP address.  The information will be collected both when you are connected to the web and when you are not.  In order to minimize any cost to users in transferring information, information is batched and only sent on the start-up of the App.
If you are a subscriber and have elected to share your information with us, it may also collect your name and email address, which may be transferred to data processors for subscriber verification purposes or less frequently a third party ad server to measure a user’s activity, such as interaction with an advert or purchase of a product.
(b)     How does Intelligenti Limited use them?
We, together with our trusted partners, use Cookies to measure users’ behaviour to better develop our apps.  By using analytics services provided by Google Analytics and Flurry we can analyse which pages are viewed and how long for and which links are followed, we can provide more content which is of interest.  We may also use this analysis to report on our performance and to sell advertising.  If you are a subscriber, we will also monitor which apps you’ve accessed.
We also include web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or web bugs) in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns.
The information generated by the Cookie about your use of our App and any of our websites (including your device ID and IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States and/or United Kingdom.  They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.  By using this App, you consent to the processing of data about you by those service providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
(c)    How do you control how cookies/web beacons are used?
You can change the preferences/settings in the App to disable Cookies by going to the settings menu for  the App on your device and selecting ‘off’ where it says ‘share statistics’.
(d)    How to find out more information:
For more information about Cookies please visit
www.aboutcookies.org
and for more information about behavioural advertising in particular please visit
www.youronlinechoices.co.uk
.
8. Security: In accordance with our requirements under the Data Protection Act 1998, we will adopt appropriate security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information. Intelligenti shall not be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this App including any of your information.
9. Usage of information: We may use your information as set out in this privacy policy and in any other manner you expressly consent to us doing so, we may also use your information for any purpose if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority, to enforce the terms of use or to enforce our rights, or to protect the safety of others. In particular, we may collect and use personal information for the purposes of investigating and, if necessary, removing any content about which we receive a complaint.
10. Policy changes: By using the App you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of use. We may amend this privacy policy and the terms of use from time to time. If we do so, we will post an updated version on this page. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this policy so that you are aware of any changes to them and you will be bound by the new policy upon your continued use of the App.
11. Contact details: You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. If you have any general questions about the App, you can contact us using the information on our
Contact Us
webpage.
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Name
*
Email
*
Website
Comment
*
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tapsmart.com/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Intelligenti Ltd (“Intelligenti”) uses and protects any information that you give Intelligenti when you use this website.
Intelligenti is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
By using this website you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our website terms of use. Intelligenti may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 30 April 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you do not wish to receive information about Intelligenti or the goods and services of Intelligenti, please follow the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive or contact info@intelligenti.com.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at info@intelligenti.com
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the address found on the Contact Us webpage.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will correct any information found to be incorrect as soon as reasonably possible.
Leave a Reply
Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Name
*
Email
*
Website
Comment
*
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.