App Store
Preview
This app is available only on the App Store for iPhone and iPad.
Screenshots
iPhone
iPad
Description
Do you have your own location based data or aerials and need to display it on an industry standard base map? Are you looking for an affordable and blazingly fast solution? If so, Mapplet is your answer.
Mapplet provides this functionality at a fraction of the cost of other enterprise based solutions. Mapplet can be deployed to the cloud in order to provide a cost effective scalable and robust solution. You can display your own POI, parcels, utility network, GIS or CAD data on Bing Maps, OpenStreetMap, Google Maps, MapBox, and ESRI ArcGIS Maps.
IMPORTANT: This app is pre-configured with demo data in order to show some of its capabilities. In order to add and display your own data, you will need to create a compatible map package (SMP) and host it on a web server or the cloud. Then you will be able to use the "Add Server..." functionality to display your data. Please contact Spatial Wave if you like to set up your own server.
NOTE: if applicable, all base maps except Bing maps require separate licenses from their corresponding vendors.
Features:
-Access, query and analyze your own data
-Display extended location based information
-Display documents linked to your data
-Auto identify nearby objects using GPS
-Display your data on top of industry standard base maps
-Identify all objects within a map area
-Find and locate objects using custom predefined queries
-Easily navigate, pan, zoom and change the map view
-Measure distances and areas
-Search for places and addresses
-Display your phone contact list and bookmarks on your map
-Superimpose real-time traffic on top of your data
-See your own data on birds eye map
-See location of your data using Street View
-Much more...
more
What’s New
Version History
24 May 2017
Version 8.1.2
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
Fixed issue with identify by click
Ratings and Reviews
5.0
out of 5
1 Rating
1 Rating
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Spatial Wave
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Spatial Wave Inc. has not identified itself as a trader for this app. If you are a consumer in the European Economic Area, consumer rights do not apply to agreements between you and the provider.
Size
5.5 MB
Category
Productivity
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 9.3 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 9.3 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 9.3 or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
4+
Copyright
© 2012-2017 Spatial Wave Inc.
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Developer Website
App Support
More By This Developer
Field Mapplet Mobile
Productivity
Field Mapplet RT
Productivity
You Might Also Like
See All
FieldMap Pro
Productivity
HiperGIS
Productivity
GIS Cloud Map Viewer
Productivity
ArcGIS IPS Setup
Productivity
ArcGIS Responder 10.9.1
Productivity
GIS4Mobile
Productivity
Sub-section Policy: 