Site Navigation
[Skip]
Home
SpamFilter
How it Works
Why SpamFilter
Download
Buy Now
Support Forum
Login
LogSat Software
Family Tracker Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for the Family Tracker apps and the MyFamilyTracker.com website. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site and the Family Tracker apps. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you enter in the Family Tracker app, along with the GPS coordinates of your mobile device, it's model and version of the operating system.. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to allow the users whom you have previously authorized to track you to see your mobile device's location. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
We will only contact you via email in case there are technical difficulties with your app to inform you of the problem and to help you solve it. We will not send you spam or any other unsolicited emails.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Copyright © 2002-
2025
LogSat LLC
- Sales:
sales@LogSat.com
Contact Us
[Back To Top]