About
About Us
Team
Jobs
Press
Blog
Getting Started
How It Works
Resource Center
Mobile
Safety
Basics
Tips
FAQ
Community
Our Values
Ambassador Program
Stories
Special Thanks
Support
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Guidelines
Help
Couchsurfing.com Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October
14, 2023
Please read this Global Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) carefully to get a clear
      understanding of how Couchsurfing International, Inc. (“
Couchsurfing
,” “
we
,”
      “
us
” or “
our
”) collects, uses, discloses, protects and otherwise handles
      information about you. Our privacy practices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local
      practices and legal requirements. In this Privacy Policy, we also provide a supplementary privacy notice for
California residents
and a supplementary privacy  notice for data subjects in 
      the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK (collectively, “Europe”)
.
About Couchsurfing
Couchsurfing provides a platform for members to learn about one another, arrange stays and travel, engage in
      activities and communicate with one another. Couchsurfing connects travelers with a global network of people
      willing to share in profound and meaningful ways, making travel a truly social experience. We are a community
      built on trust. A fundamental part of earning that trust means being clear about how we use your information and
      protect your right to privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes:
the information we collect about you,
how we use and share that information, and
the privacy choices available to you.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites (“
Site
”),
      mobile application (“
App
”) and other online products and services (collectively, the
      “
Services
”), or when you otherwise interact with us.
From time to time, we may change the provisions of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this
      Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the App and the
      Site. If required by law, we will also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is
      reasonably likely to reach you, such as via email or another manner through the App or the Site. We encourage you
      to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help
      protect your privacy.
What Information Do We Collect When You Use Our Services?
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide to us, such as when you create an account, verify your identity, update your 
       profile, use the interactive features of our Services, participate in contests, promotions or surveys, request 
       customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include:
Account information
, such as your name, username, gender, birth date, email address, mailing address,
        city, country, postal code, billing address, phone number and profile picture;
Communications
that we exchange with users when they contact us with questions or feedback, including
        feedback about interacting with other users, and messages and interactive forum information, such as discussion
        group posts, messages to other Couchsurfing users and information you provide in connection with activities and
        events;
Other background, contact and demographic information
, such as your occupation, personal URL, IM
        username, emergency contact, home descriptions, travel history and plans and other interests and
        self-descriptions you choose to provide;
Payment and transactional data
when you pay for our Services, including name, payment card information,
        bank account number, billing information, and your transaction history. This information is collected and
        processed by our payment providers, Stripe, PayPal  , Google and Apple, and we do not have access to
        payment card numbers. In addition to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
, information related to your
        payments or purchases is also processed according to Stripe’s, PayPal’s, Google’s, and
        Apple’s service agreements and privacy policies.
Information stored on your mobile device (if you have given us permission to access this information)
,
        such as your photos, calendar information and your contacts’ name, phone numbers and image thumbnail (if
        available). In particular, to help users connect with people they know, we offer them the option to invite
        friends to join them on Couchsurfing. To take advantage of this feature, users can opt in to share phone numbers
        from their address book or add phone numbers manually.
Identity verification and biometric information, if you elect to use the identity verification service
.
        If you choose to verify your identity when using the Services, we will ask you to provide a photo of your 
        government-issued ID as well as a selfie to our biometric verification service provider Onfido. Onfido collects, 
        uses, and stores facial geometry extracted from the selfie and the ID to confirm that the two facial images 
        match. This match enables Onfido to verify the user’s identity. Onfido also processes this data as an 
        independent controller to improve its facial recognition technology. Couchsurfing does not retain the facial 
        geometry derived from your ID image and selfie, and we require Onfido to delete this facial geometry after 
        your identity has been verified. For more information, please also see
Onfido’s Facial Scan Policy
,
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you, including:
Location Information: We may collect information about your location when you access our mobile application or
        website, or otherwise consent to the collection of this information through your device settings.
Device Information: We collect device-specific information when you access our Services, including your
        hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and
        information about the device’s interaction with our Services.
Log Information: We collect log information about how you access or use our Services, including your access
        times, browser type and language, Internet Service Provider and Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies: We may automatically collect information
        using cookies, web beacons (also known as “tracking gifs,” “pixel tags” and
        “tracking pixels”) and other tracking technologies to, among other things, operate the Services,
        improve our Services and your experience, monitor user activity, count visits, understand usage and campaign
        effectiveness, and tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
Information collected from third party services.
We may obtain information from other sources and combine
      that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you link, connect, or login to the Services
      through a third-party social networking site, you direct that third-party service to send us information such as
      your name, connections, email address, birthday, gender, location and other account information in accordance with
      the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site or as authorized by you via
      your privacy settings at that service.
Information collected from other Services Users.
We may receive information about you from other
      Couchsurfing users, such as trust ratings, feedback, friend connections, public references, and other
      interconnections and interactions between you and other Couchsurfing users.
How Do We Use this Information?
We use information about you to:
Provide our services
, including to:
Operate the Services and our business;
Create and maintain your account;
Enable you to communicate and connect with other members,
Maintain and improve our Services and their features;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages, including by
        sending you push notifications;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Personalize the Services, which may include providing content or features that match user profiles or
        interests;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and
Link or combine with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you
        with better service.
Direct marketing
. We may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including, but not
      limited to, notifying you of products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events and provide other news and
      information about Couchsurfing and other third parties.
Research and development
. We may create and use aggregate user information to analyze the effectiveness of
      our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, and to analyze the general behavior and characteristics
      of users of our Services.
Support and Maintenance
. We use third party analytics services to automatically log certain information
      about your computer or mobile device and how you interact with the Services. The information collected is used to
      troubleshoot and prevent errors, perform data analysis, and develop new features.
Compliance with Laws, and Creating and Maintaining a Trusted and Safer Environment
. We may use personal
      information to:
Protect the safety of Couchsurfing users and provide our verification service;
Enforce our Terms of Use;
Investigate potential Trust and Safety violations;
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity,
        including cyberattacks and identity theft; and
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests
        from government authorities.
Processing of Your Personal Information Abroad
Couchsurfing has users located across the globe. We may store and process personal information in the United
      States and other countries, which may not have the same data protection laws as your home country or territory.
      However, wherever we store your information we will treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as
      otherwise disclosed to you. Please note, while Couchsurfing is certified under the EU.-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S.
      Privacy Shield frameworks, following the invalidation of such frameworks we no longer rely on Privacy Shield for
      our cross-border data transfers. However, we continue to comply with the frameworks. Please read the information
      below, which we provide in accordance with the Privacy Shield Notice Principle.
Couchsurfing International Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss - U.S. Privacy
      Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of
      personal information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States,
      respectively. Couchsurfing International Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the
      Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy
      Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and
      to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
.
To the extent required by the Privacy Shield principles or applicable law, you have the opportunity to choose 
      (opt out) whether your personal information is (i) to be disclosed to a third party or (ii) to be used for a 
      purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently 
      authorized by you.  For more information about the choices you have in relation to your personal information, 
      visit the
“Your Information Choices”
, and to exercise your rights 
        please email
privacy@couchsurfing.com
.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about our collection or use 
      of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should 
      first contact us at
privacy@couchsurfing.com
. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that
      we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free
      of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. Note, you may have the possibility, 
      under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance not 
      resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms. For more information about invoking binding arbitration, 
      please review additional information here. Couchsurfing is responsible and liable if third-party agents that it 
      uses to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, 
      unless Couchsurfing proves that it is not responsible for the event that allowed the damage to occur.
We are subject to investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission with respect to 
      personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework
Sharing of Information
We share personal information as follows:
With your consent;
With third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry
        out their work for us (such as hosting, analytics, customer support, email and SMS delivery, identity
        verification (Onfido), and fraud prevention and detection);.
With search engines in order to index the content you provide as part of a discussion forum or public profile;
With partners who run contests, special offers or other events or activities in connection with our Services;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of
        all or a portion of our business to another company;
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal
        process or governmental request, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; and
To enforce our agreements, policies, and
Terms of Use
to protect the security or
        integrity of our Services; or to protect Couchsurfing, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities.
How You Share Personal Information:
Other Users
. When you establish an account on Couchsurfing, you share certain of your profile
        information with the Couchsurfing community. This information includes your profile picture, name, username and
        other information you may elect to share in accordance with the privacy settings you establish on the Service.
Social Media Tools
. Couchsurfing may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools which let
        you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables
        the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with
        the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of
        data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of
        the third parties that provide these social sharing features. Couchsurfing may also allow you to access Mapbox
        Maps. Please note that when you use Mapbox Maps, you are subject to Mapbox’s Privacy Policy (
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy
), as
        amended by Mapbox from time to time.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services as part of our
      Services. These third parties may have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no
      responsibility or liability for the activities of these third parties and how they collect, use or share
      information about you. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Services and welcome any feedback
      about these third parties.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics
      services in relation to the use of our Services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other
      technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address
      and information about your web browser and operating system, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and
      conversion information. This information may be used by Couchsurfing and others to, among other things, analyze
      and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your
      interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. Please note that we may
      share aggregated or de-identified data with these third parties. For example, we may engage a third party data
      provider who may collect web log data from you or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you
      to receive customized ads or content. These cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to
      information you voluntarily provide to us (e.g., an email address) in a hashed, non-human readable form.
In particular, we use:
Google Firebase Crashlytics (provided by Google LLC) to get crash reports and metrics and to derive analytics
        information regarding the use of the App, including by collecting identifiers for mobile devices (including
        Android Advertising ID and Advertising Identifier for iOS). Firebase Crashlytics retains crash stack traces,
        extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including Crashlytics Installation UUIDs) for 90 days. To
        learn more about how Google uses data when you use the App please read
here
.
Amplitude, to collect analytics information relating to the Services. Amplitude’s privacy policy can be
        found here:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. These cookies help us analyze how users use the
        Site and enhance your experience when you use the Site. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt out of Google Analytics by
        downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for
      behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We take security of your data seriously and take reasonable measures to protect information about you from loss,
      theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail
      transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure.
      Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Internet. Please keep
      this in mind when disclosing any personal information to us via the Internet. In addition, we are not responsible
      for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services, or third party websites.
      Finally, we cannot control the actions of users on the platform, who may seek to use third party apps or devices
      to record, store, or share content or communication without other users' prior consent. Please keep this in mind
      when using the Services.
Children
The Services are not intended for use by children under 18 years of age. If we learn that we have collected
      personal information through the Services from a child under 18 without the consent of the child’s parent or
      guardian as required by law, we will delete it.
Your Information Choices
Privacy Settings
You have many choices about your data.
You can update and correct most of your personal data through your account. If this is not possible, you can
        ask us to update your data, particularly in cases of inaccuracy, by contacting Customer Support
        (https://support.couchsurfing.org/hc/en-us).
You can request a portable copy of your data under the
Privacy
section of your Account and Settings
        (Desktop only).
You can opt-out of email marketing and push notifications using the Email and Push Notification options in
        your Account and Settings Page. You may also opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt out or
        unsubscribe instructions contained in the communications we send you. If you opt out, we may still send you
        transactional or relationship messages, such as emails about your account.
You may determine whether certain information about you will be visible to others by navigating to
        "Account & Settings" on our website and editing your options under "Privacy."
Account Information
You may deactivate your account at any time by contacting
support@couchsurfing.com
. Even after you deactivate
      your account, we may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate business purposes or to protect
      member safety. If your account is deactivated, Couchsurfing will provide access to the data associated with the
      deactivated account upon receipt of the required legal documentation.
Location Information via Mobile Device
You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet
      browser or mobile device and by following the standard uninstall process and removing Couchsurfing’s
      application from your device. Doing so, however, may mean that you cannot use all or a portion of our Services.
Online Tracking Opt-Out
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. However, you can choose to set your browser to remove or
      reject browser cookies. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the
      correct way to modify your cookies, or visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Please note, however, that our Services may not function properly
      if your browser does not accept cookies.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
here
, or via mail at Couchsurfing
      International, Inc. Attention: Legal Department, PO Box 7775 ECM 86600, San Francisco, CA 94120, United States, or
      email at
privacy@couchsurfing.com
.
Notice To California Residents
We are providing this supplemental privacy notice to Consumers in California, pursuant to the California Consumer
      Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA grants California residents the following rights:
Information
.Our Privacy Policy describes how we use and share your personal information through the
        Services, including during the past 12 months. The Policy describes:
a)    The sources through which we collect California residents’ personal information and
      the types of personal information collected in the
What Information Do We
        Collect When You Use Our Services?
section above.
b)    The purposes for which we use and share this information in the
How Do We Use this Information?
section above and the
Sharing of Information
section above.
Access
. You can request a copy of the personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
.
You can ask to delete the personal information that we maintain about you.
Opt-out of sale of your personal information
. We do not sell personal information. We offer
        instructions on how to limit online tracking in the
Online Tracking Opt-Out
section above.
The CCPA limits these rights. For example, companies may not provide users in response to access requests certain
      sensitive information and other consumers’ personal information, and may exclude information that would
      compromise the confidentiality of trade secrets. The CCPA also places limits on when companies must comply with a
      deletion request.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
Here is how you can submit requests:
To request access to or deletion of personal information collected
, please email us at
privacy@couchsurfing.com
or by mail at Couchsurfing International,
        Inc. Attention: Legal Department, PO Box 7775 ECM 86600, San Francisco, CA 94120.
Authorized agents
. California residents can empower an “authorized agent” to submit
        requests on their behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in
        accordance with the CCPA.
Notice to European Data Subjects
We are providing this supplemental privacy notice to European data subjects, pursuant to European data protection
      laws (“
GDPR
”).
Controller and Representative
Couchsurfing is responsible for how your personal data is handled. This means we are the controller of your
      personal data under the GDPR. You can find our contact information in the
Contact Us
section above.
Couchsurfing has appointed DataRep as its Data Protection Representative in the EEA and the UK.
DataRep has locations in each of the 27 EU countries, the UK, and Norway & Iceland in the European Economic
      Area (EEA), so that Couchsurfing's users can always raise the questions they want with them.
If you want to raise a question to Couchsurfing, or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your personal
      data, you may do so by:
sending an email to DataRep at
couchsurfing@datarep.com
contacting us on our online webform at
www.datarep.com/data-request
, or
mailing your inquiry to DataRep at the most convenient of the addresses found in
here
.
Please note: When mailing your data protection inquiries, it is essential that you mark your letters for
      "DataRep" and not "Couchsurfing", or your inquiry may not reach DataRep. Please refer clearly
      to Couchsurfing in your correspondence. On receiving your correspondence, Couchsurfing is likely to request
      evidence of your identity, to ensure your personal data and information connected with it is not provided to
      anyone other than you.
Personal Data We Collect From You and How We Use It
. You can read about the personal data we collect from
      you in the
What Information Do We Collect When You Use Our Services?
section above, and how we use it in the
How Do We Use this Information?
section above.
Justification for Data Processing
. European data protection law sets out a list of justifications on which
      companies may rely to process personal data, and requires companies to explain to consumers the specific
      justifications for the company’s data processing activities.  We generally rely on one of the following
      justifications to process personal data:
Contractual Necessity
, to provide you with the Services in accordance with our
Terms of Use
.
Legitimate Interests,
where it is necessary for our legitimate business purposes, your
        interest or the interests of a third party.
Consent,
where required by law. Where we rely on your consent to process personal data about
        you, you have the right to later withdraw your consent in the manner indicated when you consent or by contacting
        us as described in this Privacy Policy.
Provision of some of this data is necessary to establish an account on Couchsurfing.
Types of Personal Data
Purpose
Justification for Processing Personal Data
Account Information
To create and maintain your account
Contractual Necessity
Account Information
To respond to your inquiries
To send you notification or emails of feature releases or provide content that we think may be of interest
              to you
Contractual Necessity
Legitimate Interests
:
Providing you with the support that you request, and improving our Services and related services
Sending you information on our own products and services that may be of interest to you
Communications
To address users’ inquiries
For Trust and Safety purposes, in relation to information (such as feedback) Services users may provide
              about their interactions with you
To improve the Services in relation to information (such as feedback) about your experience with the
              Service
Legitimate Interests:
Providing user support
Enabling us to prevent and detect harmful or unauthorized conduct
Improving and developing the Services and developing new features and services. For example, we may decide
              to build a new feature in response to feedback received from users
Information stored on the user device such as photos, calendar information, and contacts.
To enable you to invite your contacts to join the Services and for those contacts to receive invitations
Showing you which of your contacts joins or is already on the Services
To improve your experience when using the Services if you choose to share travel photos or schedule
              availability
Consent
(users consent via device settings to authorize access to the user personal data)
Legitimate Interests:
Enabling users to find and connect with people they know
Enhancing user experience
Messages you send to and receive from other Services users
To enable you to easily communicate with other users while on the Services
Legitimate Interests:
Helping you connect with other Services users
Other background, contact and demographic information
To improve your experience when using the Services if you choose to provide this information, including
              recommending users to follow, and topics that might be of interest to you
Legitimate Interests:
Personalizing your user experience by providing recommendations for content and Services features
Payment and transactional data
To authorize our payment processors to process your transactions
Contractual Necessity
Information collected from other Services Users
To improve your experience when using the Services and promote trust and safety while using the Services.
Legitimate Interests:
Improving and developing the Services
Information collected from third party services
To enable you to easily communicate and connect with other users while on the Services
Legitimate Interests:
Improving and developing the Services
Identity verification and biometric information
To verify your identity when using the Services
Consent
Information Collected Automatically
To provide functionality, security, and for analytics and marketing purposes
Legitimate Interests:
Developing and improving the Services
Recipients of Data
. We may disclose your personal data to the recipients described in the
Sharing of Information
section above.
Retention of Data
. We keep your personal data for as long as you have a Couchsurfing account. To protect
      the safety and security of our users, your personal data will be retained for a reasonable period of time
      following account deletion or deactivation. To determine the appropriate retention period for your personal data,
      we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized
      use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can
      achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. We may delete the data by
      anonymizing it so it can no longer be associated with a user.
Storage
. We are based in the United States and rely on cloud storage providers that store user data
      on our behalf in the United States. The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or
      otherwise different from the laws in effect in Europe. We have taken measures to protect the confidentiality and
      security of your personal data, and your rights as a data subject.
Your Rights
. The GDPR grants European data subjects the following rights:
Access.
You can request a copy of the personal data that we maintain about you. If you require
        additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Deletion and Correction.
You can ask us to delete or correct the personal data that we hold about you.
        We may retain your personal data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and
        prevention, and enhancing trust and safety. For example, if we suspend a Couchsurfing account for fraud or
        safety reasons, we may retain information from that account to prevent that member from opening a new account in
        the future.
Objection.
You may have the right to object to how we use your personal data.
Restrict Processing.
You may ask us to suspend our processing of your personal data, for example, if
        you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Data Portability.
If required to do so, we will give you your personal data in a structured, commonly
        used, and machine-readable format.
To exercise these rights, please email
privacy@couchsurfing.com
You may also contact our representative using the contact information referenced in the
Controller and Representative
section above. You also have the right to
      complain to a data protection authority in your country about our processing of your personal data.
Data deletion for Non-EU and Non-California Residents
You can ask us to delete or correct the personal data that we hold about you. We may retain your personal data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention, and enhancing trust and safety. For example, if we suspend a Couchsurfing account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain information from that account to prevent that member from opening a new account in the future.
To request deletion of personal information collected
, please email us at
privacy@couchsurfing.com
or by mail at Couchsurfing International, Inc. Attention: Legal Department, PO Box 7775 ECM 86600, San Francisco, CA 94120.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://onfido.com/privacy/:
English
Español
Italiano
Français
Take a tour
Blog
Support
Sign in
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Our Privacy Policies
This Privacy Policy explains how Onfido, an Entrust company, (“we”, “us”, “our”) uses personal information about our clients’ users, and others, to provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients. Users located in the US should also refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
which takes priority over the information below to the extent there is any inconsistency or ambiguity.
If you are looking for details of the personal information we collect in other circumstances, please see the relevant policy listed below:
Our
Website and B2B Privacy Policy
explains how we collect, use, and otherwise process personal information of people who visit our websites or otherwise interact with Onfido in a business to business capacity.
Our
Cookie and SDK Policy
contains information about the cookies we use, why we use them, and your privacy choices regarding cookies.
If you are a candidate applying for a role at Onfido, please see the Candidate Privacy Policy displayed in our Application Portal.
Please note that if you are a resident of California, Onfido’s California Privacy Notice does not apply to our use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy because when we use information to provide our Identity Services, we use this information as a service provider on behalf of a client. The client, as the business, may have additional obligations under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, and we suggest you review their privacy policy for further details.
1. This Privacy Policy
At Onfido, we’re simplifying digital identity for everyone. We help our clients to verify their users so they can access their services quickly, easily and - most important of all - securely. When we verify an identity, carry out checks related to an identity, or provide user authentication services (our “
Identity Services
”), we’re committed to protecting the privacy and security of that identity.
When we process your personal information so we can provide Identity Services to a client, we are acting on the client’s behalf as their service provider and processor. The section below headed “
The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
” explains what we do with this information, but if you are a user of an Onfido client you should review the client’s privacy policy for full information about how your personal information is collected and used.
As well as handling your personal information on behalf of a client in order to provide Identity Services to them, we may also handle your personal information on our own behalf as a controller. For example, we may use the personal information that we collect when providing our Identity Services, and personal information that is publicly available, to develop and improve our Identity Services. For information about how we use personal information as a controller, please see the section of this Privacy Policy headed “
Using Information As Controller
.”
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will publish those changes before they come into effect and notify our clients so they can consider whether to update their own policies and notify their users.
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
To provide our Identity Services to a client, we collect certain personal information about the client’s users.
Our
clients
are organizations that have asked Onfido to verify someone’s identity, or to carry out checks related to their identity.
Our clients’
users
are the individuals whose identities a client has asked us to verify or otherwise check.
We may collect personal information about a user from the client, from the user, or from third party data providers (“Data Providers”). Data Providers are trusted third party service providers or public authorities who provide additional information depending on the Identity Service a client has chosen to use.
The following paragraphs provide details of the personal information we collect on behalf of a client depending on which of our Identity Services the client chooses to use. If you are in the EEA or UK, our client is responsible for identifying a legal basis which permits your personal information to be used for the purposes described below; you should review their privacy policy for further details.
Document Checks
Onfido’s
document checks
verify identity documents from across the globe by analyzing an image or video of the document. Our system extracts information from the image/video or, if possible, from the security chip embedded in the document. Our models analyze the authenticity of the document, which may include machine-readable zones, barcodes, QR codes, and security chips, to verify whether the document is genuine or shows signs of tampering. We will also compare the image or video of the identity document with information about compromised identities that have been leaked or otherwise made publicly available.
Information collected: personal information extracted from a user’s identity document, for example name, document number, date of birth, nationality, type of document, issuing country, expiration date, information embedded in barcodes, QR codes, security chips and features (which will vary depending on the type of document), and the image metadata associated with the image or video of the document.
Important: If you are a user living in the Netherlands, please be advised that Onfido may automatically mask your
BSN number
on your identity document in our back-end systems when required under Dutch law, and particularly the Dutch Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act.
Biometric Checks and Authentication
When providing
biometric checks
as part of our Identity Services, we’ll ask for an image or video (including an audio recording) of a user’s face (a “
Selfie
”), as well as an image or video to use as a reference image (for example, an image of their identity document). We generate two scans of the user’s face (one from the Selfie, and one from the reference image) and we compare those two scans to assess whether the person in the Selfie is likely to be the same person pictured in the reference image. Additionally, as part of our Identity Services, we will also evaluate the authenticity of the images and videos (including audio recordings) and identity documents, including detecting whether there is a genuine human or physical document in your photos/videos, and identifying signs of tampering, coercion or social engineering.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy under the section below headed “Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals”, when performing biometric checks we do not store the extracted face scans once the check is complete. Where a client has asked us to provide an authentication service, the client may ask Onfido to store a reference image chosen by the client for each relevant user. (This image is retained in accordance with retention periods set by the client and subject to any maximum retention periods specified by Onfido or in applicable laws.) When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will generate two face scans - one using a new image of the user and one using the reference image we have stored. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed. Clients who wish to use an authentication service without the need for Onfido to store a reference image can choose to store an encrypted version of the face scan relating to a reference image themselves (including on the user’s device). When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will be given access to the stored face scan and we will compare it to a new face scan that we generate using a new image of the user. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed.
Information collected: images or videos (including audio recordings) of a user and/or of their identity document, metadata extracted from those images or videos, and data extracted from those images or videos that may be construed as a scan of face geometry or a voiceprint and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws. Users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details.
Data Verification
Onfido provides clients with
data verification
checks via a network of trusted Data Providers (defined above) and our own internal checks. These checks enable clients to verify their users, detect fraud and comply with anti money laundering (AML) and Know Your Client (KYC) requirements. We conduct these checks by comparing personal information provided by the client or the user with information held by Data Providers or information extracted from documents, e.g. a utility bill for
proof of address
checks. Our global network of data verification services varies depending on a user's location and includes voter and driving license registers and other government databases, police databases, consumer credit agencies, sanctions and Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) lists, adverse media sources, utility companies, mobile network providers and other trusted commercial sources. At the request of a client, these services may be provided on an ongoing basis, for example where a client’s regulatory obligations require ongoing monitoring against sanction and PEP lists.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include contact details such as postal address, email address, telephone number, social security number or other national identity number, information extracted from a utility bill a user uploads or other information provided by the Data Provider e.g. a user’s mobile network operator, publicly available information from media searches, sanctions and PEP lists.
Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals
Onfido leverages a number of different
fraud detection
capabilities. Some of these depend on the scope of the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients, whereas other fraud checks are applied across all of the above services. For example, Onfido will analyze the metadata associated with the user’s Selfie and the image or video of their identity document (to identify whether any editing software can be detected) to assess the likelihood that the user is genuine.
Onfido can also help clients to determine whether a device, email address or phone number has previously been used in relation to suspected fraudulent activity, shows unusual usage patterns, has been manipulated or otherwise indicates that the user may not be genuine. At a client’s request, Onfido and our Data Providers may collect ‘passive signals’ from the client (for example mobile number or email address) or a user’s device as they engage with the client’s website or app or Onfido’s Identity Services. Such information may include device identifiers, IP address, information about the device (for example the operating system used, whether the device is providing false randomized device and network information or has otherwise been compromised) and how the user interacts with it. Together this information helps Onfido and our Data Providers assess the likelihood of you being a genuine user, assign a risk score and infer certain information such as your broad geographical location from your IP address.
At a client’s request, we can also check whether we have previously verified a user on behalf of that client by comparing the information submitted as part of a new Document Check and/or Biometric Check, to information we have previously verified for that client. (More specifically, at a client’s request we will retain information (including face scans depending on the service the client has chosen to use) extracted from a user’s identity document or Selfie, and compare this retained information to the newly submitted information. As explained further below, clients determine how long we retain the extracted information). This helps our client not only verify users’ identities but further protects them and their users from fraud by helping clients understand when a user may be generating multiple identities, editing and tampering with documents or manipulating device or network information.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include: the information listed in the Document Check and/or Biometric Check sections above; data extracted from images or videos of identity documents that may be construed as a scan of face geometry and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws (users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details); mobile number, email address, IP address, device details including device identifiers and other information about the user’s device and how they are interacting with our Identity Services (for example we may collect information about the upload time, which version of our software was used, the camera name and model used to capture any images and whether there are any indicators that the device has been tampered with or emulated). We may also analyze how the user is interacting with their device to assess the likelihood of of the user being a genuine user and who they say they are, for example
fraudsters
will cut and paste large volumes of information from their clipboard, use this functionality multiple times and otherwise navigate between applications on their device very differently from a genuine user. Onfido and our Data Providers may also use such information to infer other information about the user, for example their broad geographical location from their IP address, or to calculate an identity risk score to assist clients in determining whether the user is a genuine user.
Onfido Reports and Automated Decision Making
Once we have verified an identity or run a check, we share the results with the client in a report (“
Onfido Report
”). Below, we have provided a graphical representation of an Onfido Report:
Each Onfido Report contains an overall result of ‘Clear’ or ‘Consider’:
If we’re able to verify the identity of a user, and the requested checks do not show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we notify the client that the checks are Clear.
If we’re unable to verify the identity of a user, or the user isn’t able to pass all requested checks or the checks show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we return a Consider result.
If we return a Consider result, we will also provide a detailed breakdown of the reasons why. (The reasons are generated from the different machine learning models and/or human powered processes that are used to verify an identity or perform a check.)
Onfido Reports contain recommendations only and the reasons behind them. It is then for the client to decide how to proceed with a user - based on the content of the Onfido Report, but also on the basis of other information available to them (including additional information they may have or decide to request from their users).
By providing our clients with these detailed Onfido Reports, our aim is to empower our clients to make informed decisions about their users and to provide help to users that are having difficulty in passing an Onfido check.
3. Using Information As Controller
As explained above, when we use personal information to provide Identity Services to our clients, we are acting on their behalf as their service provider and processor. However, we also process the personal information of users, and others, on our own behalf (as a “controller”) for the purposes described in this section. If you are in the EEA or UK, we will only use your personal information for a particular purpose where we have a “legal basis” for this. We have set out below the legal bases we rely upon for each purpose.
To develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies)
At Onfido, our vision is to simplify digital identity. To do this, provided we have the permission of our clients and it is not prohibited by applicable law, we use the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) to improve and develop our Identity Services. For the same purpose, we may also use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party provided this is not prohibited by applicable law.
Developing and improving our Identity Services includes building and improving our technology (such as our machine learning technologies and algorithms) and developing and testing new checks, products and services to better verify a user’s identity and/or detect fraud. For example, we may need to train our models to recognise a novel fraud attack, a new version of an ID document or to minimize bias and improve performance. As part of this work, we train our technology to recognize specific patterns in information and make predictions about new sets of information based on those patterns. This is known as machine learning. We also train our human analysts to perform those tasks so they can assist when our machine learning models aren’t best suited for the task or are still learning. Sometimes, we’ll also re-run and re-submit checks to ensure our Identity Services are working properly, particularly when testing a new feature or service for quality checks. Together, these developments help make Onfido’s Identity Services stronger and safer for all clients and users.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for the legitimate interest of our clients and Onfido. Financial crime, fraud, and corruption are serious issues that affect not only the law enforcement community but financial institutions, the private sector, and other major corporations – as well as individuals themselves. As such, Onfido considers there is a clear legitimate interest in improving and developing our Identity Services for the purpose of continuing to effectively tackle and reduce fraud.
Where we use sensitive personal information for these purposes (for example, information which could potentially reveal information about someone’s racial or ethnic origin), we primarily process this information on the basis that it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. Such public interests include ensuring equality of treatment across all types of users by measuring and mitigating algorithmic bias with a view to providing fair and inclusive Identity Services, which effectively detect fraud, and are balanced against the rights and freedoms of users. When developing our services, Onfido implements specific measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms of those individuals whose data is used for this purpose, including pseudonymisation (where possible), impact assessments and strict security controls to safeguard their fundamental rights and their interests.
To compile statistics, benchmarking and analytics
We use personal information (such as check results, identity document type, and device metadata) to create statistics regarding the use and performance of our Identity Services. We provide these statistics to our clients so that they and we may use them to, for example, conduct benchmarking and analytics (for example, to compare a client’s missed fraud rates to the general missed fraud rate for an industry, or to analyze fraud trends). We also use these statistics to gain market insights (for example, to enhance understanding of missed fraud trends and identify fraud patterns) and to inform our decision making on product improvements. An individual cannot be identified from these statistics and where possible, we pseudonymise, aggregate and/or de-identify (and where feasible anonymise) personal information which is used for these purposes.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s and our clients’ legitimate interests in understanding (at the aggregate level) how people are using our Identity Services.
For compliance with applicable law/regulation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests
Onfido may process the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests. For example, we may be required by law to:
disclose information in response to a request from a government or law enforcement body as described in the section below headed “
Government and Law Enforcement Requests
”;
collect a user’s broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), either directly from them or the client or by approximating this based on the user’s device’s IP address, to enable Onfido and our clients to comply with global sanctions requirements and the increasing number of biometric and privacy laws that apply to our Identity Services. We use this broad geographic location to determine a user’s location to display the relevant consent screen and collect any necessary biometric consents or identify if a user is located in a sanctioned country where we are prohibited by law from providing services.
In connection with a business transaction or to obtain professional advice
Onfido may need to process your personal information in connection with an actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding, or to obtain professional advice. We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s legitimate interest in running its business in a commercial and compliant manner.
4. Data Sharing
In addition to sharing personal information with clients and Data Providers (as described above), Onfido also shares personal information:
With third parties who help us provide our Identity Services and perform tasks on our behalf. This includes: information technology and related infrastructure providers (who provide us with a place to store your personal information); data analytics providers (who help us to analyze trends and provide market insights); and our business process outsourcing partners (whose staff perform human review and quality checks);
With other companies in the Onfido group of companies who help us to provide our services (for example, by providing ancillary engineering, technical or customer support);
With an actual or potential buyer, investor or partner (and its agents and advisers) in relation to a business transaction;
With parties that provide Onfido with professional (e.g. advisory and auditing) advice and services;
With a competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, or court;
With any other person where instructed to do so by a client. For example, if a client has configured the Identity Services to check whether an identity document has been previously identified as lost, stolen, fraudulent, or otherwise compromised by a government or other external party, Onfido may share that compromised identity document on behalf of that client, and the government or other external party may retain a copy to the extent they consider it necessary, proportionate, and lawful. Under the instruction of clients and as permitted by applicable law, Onfido currently shares identity documents with the
UK Metropolitan Police
as part of their
Amberhill Database
for such purposes; and
To any other person where we have a legitimate legal reason for doing so.
Whenever legally possible, we seek to protect the personal information we share by imposing contractual privacy and security safeguards on the recipient of that information. In some cases, however, it’s not possible for us to do so — for example, when we have a legal obligation to disclose information to a government authority and that government authority is not willing to enter into such contractual safeguards.
If the sharing of personal information involves cross border international transfers of data, we make such transfers in accordance with relevant privacy law requirements. For example, if personal information that is processed subject to the GDPR is transferred outside of the EEA/UK to a country that the
European Commission does not consider provides an adequate level of protection for your personal information
, we will require the receiving party to enter into the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses (and/or their UK and Switzerland equivalents). You can request a copy of these clauses by contacting us using the details in the section below headed “
Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
.”
5. Information Security
Where possible, we pseudonymize, de-identify and/or aggregate personal information to protect privacy and minimize security risks. Pseudonymized data is where we replace, transform or remove information so that it no longer identifies an individual without additional information. Onfido also takes appropriate administrative, physical, technical and organizational measures designed to help protect the information it holds from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For more information about information security at Onfido, please visit the
Guide to Security at Onfido
.
If you think you have identified a security vulnerability or bug in our Identity Services, please report it to the Onfido security team at
security@onfido.com
and as described in the
Onfido Responsible Security Bug Disclosure Policy
.
6. Data Storage
We provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients for a variety of different reasons. Those reasons are identified by our clients, and we rely on them to tell us when they no longer need us to store the personal information we’ve collected on their behalf, subject to maximum retention periods imposed by applicable laws or defined by Data Providers or by Onfido.
Where we use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party to develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies), we retain the information for as long as is necessary to complete the purpose for which the information was collected, subject to applicable laws and any retention periods.
Where we have a legitimate legal reason, we may store personal information for longer than described above – for example, where we are under a binding legal order not to destroy information.
7. Your Rights
Depending on where you live and subject to applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of the personal information we process about you as described in this Privacy Policy:
the right to request access to and disclosure of information that we hold.
the right to change and/or correct inaccurate information.
the right to block or suppress our processing of your information. This enables you to request that Onfido suspends the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
the right to object to our processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and you feel such processing impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
the right to request that we delete your information, subject to certain exceptions.
the right to request portability of your information. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, with your information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
the right to withdraw your consent, if applicable. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or regulator.
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed "The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients”, please contact the client so they may respond to your request directly. (If you contact us instead of our client, we will notify the relevant client so they may fulfill your request.)
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed “Using Information As Controller”, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
or at the postal address below. If you exercise any of your data protection rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you.
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
If you are a government or law enforcement body that wishes to request personal or confidential information related to a check that we may have conducted on a particular user, please contact the client on whose behalf the check was carried out. Since we provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients, we are not able to disclose any information related to a specific check unless the relevant client directs us to do so, or we are subject to a legal requirement (such as a court order or statutory power mandating disclosure) to do so. If you wish to request the disclosure of information in respect of which there is such a legal requirement, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
providing clear details of the legal requirement in your message.
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
If you would like more information about how Onfido collects and uses personal information, please contact Onfido at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
, or at: Attention: Privacy Office, Onfido Ltd, 14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London, EC2A 1AH, United Kingdom.
If you would like to raise a concern or otherwise communicate with our Data Protection Officer, you may contact them at
onfido@hewardmills.com
or at: Attention: Onfido Data Protection Officer, Heward Mills, 77 Farringdon Road, London, EC1M 3JU, United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy:
Products
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
Self-Hosted
Maps Overview
NEW
Smooth, fast, cross-platform maps
Overview →
Mapbox GL JS
NEW
Immersive maps for web
Mobile Maps SDK
NEW
Powerful maps for iOS and Android
Studio
NEW
Beautiful, custom map designs
Static Maps
NEW
Embed map images
Mapbox Tiling Service
NEW
Host and add custom map data
Over 100 global cities with 3D landmarks in Mapbox Standard
Read more
→
Navigation Overview
NEW
Custom navigation services
Overview →
Navigation for Automotive
NEW
In-vehicle infotainment and navigation services
MapGPT
NEW
A location-intelligent AI assistant
Autopilot Map
NEW
Precision data for autopilot systems
Navigation for Mobile
NEW
Routing and directions for iOS & Android
Mapbox for EV
NEW
EV navigation solutions
Matrix API
NEW
Calculate travel time and distance
Mapbox Autopilot Map allows vehicles to drive themselves on more roads
Read more
→
Search Overview
NEW
Smart location data and search features
Overview →
Geocoding
NEW
Geolocate and validate addresses
Search Box
NEW
User-friendly search interface
Address Autofill
NEW
Autocomplete for address forms
Search anywhere, go anywhere: Empowering users with the Mapbox Search SDKs
Read more
→
Data Overview
NEW
Unique, high-value geospatial datasets
Overview →
Traffic Data
NEW
Live and typical traffic conditions
Movement Data
NEW
Population patterns through space and time
Boundaries
NEW
Official boundaries around the world
Enhanced data coverage with Mapbox Movement V4
Read more
→
Atlas
NEW
On-premise or private cloud solutions
New 3D urban environments improve location awareness
Read more →
Solutions
On-Demand Logistics
Boost customer satisfaction and delivery performance
Weather
Deliver accurate, real-time weather information
Real Estate
Visualize property listings, rentals, and market data
Automotive
Integrated navigation experiences for in-vehicle and companion apps
Telecommunications
Map real-time coverage and optimize network operations
Travel
Plan, book, and explore the world all in one place
Outdoors
Detailed maps for athletes and adventures
Business Intelligence
Enhance data analysis with location intelligence
Retail
On-brand store locators and e-commerce solutions
Developers
documentation
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
See All Docs
→
connect
Developer Discord
Online community to discuss projects and help fellow devs
Stack Overflow
Share and search technical questions and solutions
Github
Submit bugs, share requests, and track releases
Get Support
Self-serve resources, account help, and technical assistance
Developer Network
Contract independent developers
links
Developer Quickstart
Overview of developer resources
Developer Cheat Sheet
Snapshot overview of Mapbox services
Help & Troubleshooting
Find answers and get help
API Playgrounds
Demo spaces to experiment with Mapbox
Developer Tools
Web-based tools to help build with Mapbox
API Status
Real-time data on system performance
Company
Company
Who we are
About our company mission and history
What we value
About what drives us
What we do
About Mapbox technologies and data
Careers
Work at Mapbox
HIRING
Opportunities to join our team
Life at Mapbox
How we support your career
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Building a Mapbox for everyone
impact
Sustainability
Environmental and social responsibility
Social Impact
Support for non-profits and positive impact organizations
follow us
LinkedIn
X
Youtube
Instagram
Discord
Github
Blog
Resources
News
Blog
NEW
Stay updated on product launches and new features
Newsroom
The latest Mapbox news and press resources
Events
Connect with Mapbox at virtual and in-person events
Learn
Customer Showcase
NEW
See customer use cases and impact across industries
Webinars
NEW
Live and on-demand videos about building with Mapbox
Videos
NEW
How-to videos, developer spotlights, event recordings, and more
Get Help
Support
NEW
Flexible options for fast and expert help
Education
NEW
Resources for students and instructors
Security
NEW
Protect the security of your account, data, and users.
featured showcase
Indoor map innovation powered by Mapbox 3D visualizations...
Read more
→
Pricing
English
日本語
Contact Us
Contact us
Log in
Sign up
Sign in
Sign up
Contact us
Go to account
English
日本語
Go to account
Contact Sales
Log in
Sign up free
Products
Maps
Navigation
Data
Self-Hosted
Search
Back
Maps Overview
NEW
Smooth, fast, cross-platform maps
Mapbox GL JS
Immersive maps for web
Mobile Maps SDK
Powerful maps for iOS and Android
Studio
Beautiful, custom map designs
Mapbox Tiling Service
Host and add custom map data
Static Maps
Embed map images
Back
Navigation Overview
NEW
Custom navigation services
Navigation for Automotive
NEW
In-vehicle infotainment and navigation services
Navigation for Mobile
NEW
Routing and directions for iOS & Android
MapGPT
NEW
A location-intelligent AI assistant
Autopilot Map
NEW
Precision data for autopilot systems
Mapbox for EV
NEW
EV navigation solutions
Matrix API
NEW
Calculate travel time and distance
Back
Search Overview
NEW
Smart location data and search features
Geocoding
NEW
Geolocate and validate addresses
Search Box
NEW
User-friendly search interface
Address Autofill
NEW
Autocomplete for address forms
Back
Data Overview
NEW
Unique, high-value geospatial datasets
Traffic Data
NEW
Live and typical traffic conditions
Movement Data
NEW
Population patterns through space and time
Boundaries
NEW
Official boundaries around the world
Back
Atlas
NEW
On-premise or private cloud solutions
Solutions
On-Demand Logistics
Boost customer satisfaction and delivery performance
Automotive
Integrated navigation experiences for in-vehicle and companion apps
Business Intelligence
Enhance data analysis with location intelligence
Weather
Deliver accurate, real-time weather information
Telecommunications
Map real-time coverage and optimize network operations
Outdoors
Detailed maps for athletes and adventures
Retail
On-brand store locators and e-commerce solutions
Real Estate
Visualize property listings, rentals, and market data
Travel
Plan, book, and explore the world all in one place
Developers
documentation
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
See All Docs →
connect
Developer Discord
Stack Overflow
Github
Get Support
Developer Network
links
Developer Quickstart
Developer Cheat Sheet
Help & Troubleshooting
API Playgrounds
Developer Tools
API Status
Company
company
Who we are
What we value
What we do
Careers
Work at Mapbox
HIRING
Life at Mapbox
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
impact
Sustainability
Social Impact
follow us
LinkedIn
X
Youtube
Discord
Instagram
TikTok
Github
Blog
Resources
News
Blog
Newsroom
NEW
Events
NEW
learn
Customer Showcase
Webinars
Videos
get help
Support
Education
Security
featured showcase
Indoor map innovation powered by Mapbox 3D visualizations...
Read more →
Pricing
Sign up
Log in
Go to account
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Overview
Master Services Agreement
Government Terms
Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Overview
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Sub-processors
Cookies
Privacy & Security FAQ
Data Subject Request
Communication Preferences
Support Services
Overview
SLA
Terms of Service
Master Services Agreement
Product Terms
Government Terms
Marketplace Terms
Japan Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Sub-processors
Cookies
Privacy & Security FAQ
Data Subject Request
Communication Preferences
Support Service Agreement
SLA
Responsible Procurement Policy
‍
Mapbox Privacy Policies
‍
Privacy Policy
‍
Product Privacy Policy
‍
California Notices At Collection
‍
Privacy Policy "California Notice At Collection"
Product Privacy Policy "California Notice At Collection"
‍
*For all customers in Japan, please visit Mapbox's
Japan Privacy Policy
ジャパンプライバシーポリシー.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the personal data Mapbox and/or its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Mapbox”) may receive and why such personal data may be received in its capacity as a data controller, how such personal data may be used (including whom it may be shared with and for what purposes), and choices about such personal data.
This privacy policy applies to the extent Mapbox processes personal data in its capacity as a data controller under the GDPR (or “business” under the CCPA) when an individual: (a) visits and engages with any of Mapbox’s websites, (b) attends a virtual or in-person Mapbox event, (c) provides contact information for the purposes of Mapbox contacting about Mapbox products/services, (d) uses third-party websites or applications that cite this privacy policy, (e) provide billing information for Mapbox products/services account administration, or (f) apply to or are contacted about possible employment with Mapbox. Personal data is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq. and its implementing regulations (“CCPA”), or relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as "personal data").
This Privacy Policy does not apply when Mapbox acts as a data processor.  Most Mapbox customer personal data is not governed by this policy. Mapbox operates in the capacity of a data processor for certain personal data when operating Mapbox’s  products/services that are purchased by developers and businesses to develop their own licensed applications. As such, customers/prospective customers should read Mapbox’s data processing addendum (“DPA”):
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/dpa
which governs certain customer personal data that may be processed through use of Mapbox products/services including creation of a Mapbox products/services account. For other data not Processed by Mapbox as a Processor, e.g. billing and usage statistics data, see
Mapbox's Product Privacy Policy
.
Corporate Accounts: If any account created with Mapbox lists a corporate email address for a company with which an individual is currently (or was formerly) employed (a “Corporate Email”), then the corporate entity to whom the Corporate Email pertains is responsible for privacy practices relating to use of Corporate Email. If Corporate Email is used within the scope of this privacy policy (as described at the top of this privacy policy), then this privacy policy applies.  For clarification, commonly known personal email account services (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook) are not Corporate Email.
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
‍
Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.
Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name.
Financial data: Such as, credit card data is
not
processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
.
Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.
Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.
User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content.
Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the
Mapbox cookie policy
.
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually. 2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox.
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox uses personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes.
Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.
Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs.
Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations.
Comply with applicable law.
‍
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
‍
International Transfers
Personal data may be processed by one or more Mapbox affiliates, processors, or service providers in order to operate Mapbox’s business – for example, in the United States for account administration and billing. Therefore, personal data may be processed outside of the location from which it was received. Mapbox ensures that the transfer of personal data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements that continuously ensure the same level of protective measures as set forth in applicable data protection laws and regulations and certification certification under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework” or “DPF”), and, if required, standard contractual clauses or alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators.
Mapbox’s Notice of Certification under the DPF, is available here:
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/notice-of-certification
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
4.1 Legal bases for processing personal data:
Some countries require that companies only process personal data if they have a “legal basis” (or justifiable need) to process personal data. To the extent those laws apply, Mapbox’s legal bases to process personal data are as follows:
To comply with a legal obligation to which Mapbox, as a controller, is subject.
To protect the vital interests of an individual or of another natural person.
For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Mapbox as the controller or by an independent third party controller, except where the individual’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms override such interests.
Performance of the contract.
Consent.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of legitimate interests, Mapbox considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms. Mapbox has assessed that these legitimate interests are not overridden by the data protection interests or fundamental rights of any individuals. In all cases, Mapbox ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable.
Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 of this privacy policy.
Security
Mapbox takes steps designed to secure personal data in accordance with this privacy policy.  Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and Mapbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data it receives.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Mapbox does not accept liability for unintentional or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
‍
Children
Mapbox products/services, websites, events, and other communications are not intended or directed to children under the age of 18 (or other age of majority as required by local law), and Mapbox does not knowingly collect personal data from children. If the parent or legal guardian learns that their child has provided Mapbox with personal data without their consent, then they should contact Mapbox as set forth below in the Contact Mapbox section of this privacy policy. If Mapbox learns that it has collected personal data in violation of applicable law, it will promptly take steps to delete such personal data.
Choices About Personal Data
An individual may opt-out of processing of their personal data within the scope of this privacy policy at any time and prevent further Mapbox processing by contacting Mapbox as described below.
Email and Telephone Communications:
Click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email received from Mapbox to opt out of receiving future commercial emails. Note that for current customers, Mapbox will continue to send non-promotional communications which may not be opted out of (e.g., communications regarding products/services or updates to Mapbox Terms or this privacy policy). Mapbox processes requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
Website logs and cookies:
Devices have settings to delete stored cookies and most browsers have the option to decline cookies. However, certain parts of Mapbox’s website (including pages that require login) will not be accessible if Mapbox cookies (first party cookies) are not accepted. In contrast, third-party cookies set by third parties for marketing and analytics purposes on Mapbox’s website can be disabled, in principle, without affecting access. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit the Mapbox website
here
.
In accordance with applicable law, the individual to whom the personal data pertains may have the following rights regarding their personal data:
Access/view personal data
Portability of personal data in a commonly machine readable format
Correct personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete
Deletion of personal data
Restrict or object to processing of personal data
Opt-out of the sale of personal data, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law and as defined in the CCPA.
To exercise your right to deletion of personal data, please complete the form
here
. For any other rights, please contact Mapbox at
privacy@mapbox.com
. In your email include  name, and request or question. To protect privacy, Mapbox will take steps to verify the identity of the requestor before fulfilling the request. Mapbox will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. Although we encourage you to contact us if you have questions or complaints, you also have the right to lodge a complaint in the EU and UK with the appropriate supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. In some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law.
Additional Information For California Residents
9.1 California Notice At Collection:
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
‍
Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.
Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name.
Financial data: Such as, credit card data is
not
processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
.
Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.
Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.
User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content.
Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the
Mapbox cookie policy
.
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually. 2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox.
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes.
Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.
Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs.
Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations.
Comply with applicable law.
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Data Retention
Only for so long as Mapbox has a business purpose to retain and process such personal data.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Mapbox will update this privacy policy at its own discretion from time to time to reflect changes in Mapbox’s practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors.
‍
Contact Mapbox
Mapbox would love to hear any questions, concerns, or feedback about this privacy policy or Mapbox’s data protection practices. Please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com.
Mapbox Product Privacy Policy
See Section 9 below for "California Notice At Collection"
Mapbox provides a location data platform that powers map and location services in a wide variety of web, mobile, game and embedded device applications. Mapbox customers are developers/companies who embed Mapbox software development kits (SDKs) or integrate with Mapbox application program interfaces (APIs) (collectively, “
Mapbox materials
”) in their licensed applications to enable maps and location features.
This product privacy policy
applies when Mapbox is processing personal data (sometimes referred to as personal information), from an end user of a licensed application (provided by Mapbox or one of its customers) that contains Mapbox materials, in its capacity (where legally applicable) as an independent data controller. For example, when Mapbox determines the purpose and means of processing such as making decisions about how to process personal data that benefits Mapbox customers generally, not just a single customer, Mapbox is processing as an independent data controller. In all cases, Mapbox’s processing of personal data continues to be controlled by its contracts with Mapbox customers, this product privacy policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Personal data is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, or relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, or data defined as personal information or personal data under applicable data protection laws and regulations (in this policy, referred to as "
personal data
”).
Additional Privacy Policy:
Mapbox also processes as a data controller when individuals use any Mapbox website or engage with Mapbox marketing programs, including attending live or virtual events or applying for a job with Mapbox. Please see the applicable Mapbox privacy policy, available
here.
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to its product development and operations in an effort to collect the least amount of personal data from the outset. The limited personal dataset that Mapbox may receive, outlined below, describes personal data categories and associated example data elements.  Please note, many data elements are only classified as personal data when combined with an associated IP address, other persistent identifier or data element capable of identifying or being reasonably linked to a natural person.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP
address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer
to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s account ID (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill)
and Mapbox product name(s) and version(s).
Internet or other
electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, and an end user’s abandonment of a
given navigation route/use of an alternate navigation route.
Geolocation Data
- Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy
(the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)
- Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and search
results of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigation
customers (not end users) in their licensed applications.
- At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobile
device and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
‍
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above categories of personal data, Mapbox may also collect the following categories of personal data (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
The end users’ requests are associated with a randomly generated identifier in order for Dash
branded products and services to create a short-term and temporary profile required for
contextual conversations such as “hey Dash, remember the cafe you gave me directions to
yesterday? …”
Inferences
Inferences based on microphone (including voice inputs) and location data. For example,
if the end user asks about cafe’s, Dash branded products and services will infer that the
end user would like to know about cafe’s close to their location.
Conversation Data
Microphone data (including voice inputs).
Do not include sensitive information  to Dash branded products and services such as social
security number, bank account or other financial details, or special categories of Personal
Data such as, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical
beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric data, health and/or sex life.
‍
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox does not process personal data for the purposes of identifying an individual or creating or maintaining records about an individual. Instead, Mapbox processes personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain, secure and improve Mapbox products and services,
Provide customer requested support, including applying knowledge gained from individual customer support requests to benefit all Mapbox customers, to the extent such knowledge is de-identified,
Prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks,
Administer/bill customers (not end users),
Calculate de-identified aggregate statistics,
Train artificial intelligence models (to the extent personal data is first de-identified), which is a set of technologies and processes that allow computers to learn, reason, and assist in decision making; such models are used to improve Mapbox products and services,
Anonymize such data so it is no longer considered personal data,
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations, and
Comply with applicable law.
Mapbox processes de-identified data only in a de-identified form and does not permit attempts to re-identify such data or associate with a natural person.
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above uses of personal data, Mapbox may also use personal data in the following ways (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Mapbox uses personal data for purposes that are compatible with those stated above such as providing and supporting the service. For Dash branded products and services, machine learning to develop and improve and fine tune Mapbox’s models is one of those purposes.
Third party independent controller vendors will process the data you provide to Dash branded products and services for their own purposes. For more information visit their respective privacy policies (linked in Section 3). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to process in accordance  with Section 2 above.
In response to a request, so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its customers or their end users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or due diligence related thereto of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Dash branded products and services: In addition to the above parties that Mapbox may disclose personal data to, Mapbox may also disclose personal data to the following third party independent controllers (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Certain functionality to instruct Dash branded products and services to process a question such as when the end user says “hey Dash” or touches the Dash branded products and services icon or starts typing a command. PicoVoice’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://picovoice.ai/docs/privacy-policy/  (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
On-device speech-to-text (“STT”) vendor (which Mapbox has no control over and is selected by the end user based on their device) will transpose audio speech spoken to Dash branded products and services to a string of text and send it to Mapbox servers to answer the end users question. The on-device STT processing is subject to its respective published privacy practices, which you should review. Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Large language model providers (“LLMs”), such as OpenAI review the end users voice input text and formulate a response to the end user. OpenAI’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Text-to-speech (“TTS”) vendors, such as Eleven labs transform the Mapbox appended LLM response to an audio MP3 file that is spoken (in audio form) to the requestor via Dash branded products and services. ElevenLabs processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://elevenlabs.io/privacy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
International Transfers
Personal data may be processed by one or more Mapbox affiliates, processors, or service providers in order to operate Mapbox’s business – for example, in the United States for account administration and billing. Therefore, personal data may be processed outside of the location from which it was received. Mapbox ensures that the transfer of personal data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements that continuously ensure the same level of protective measures as set forth in applicable data protection laws and regulations and certification certification under the EU-US, UK-US, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework ("DPF"), and, if required, standard contractual clauses or alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators.
Mapbox’s Notice of Certification under the DPF, is available here:
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/notice-of-certification
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
4.1 Legal bases for processing personal data:
Some countries require that companies only process personal data if they have a “legal basis” (or justifiable need) to process personal data. To the extent those laws apply, Mapbox’s legal bases to process personal data are as follows:
To comply with a legal obligation to which Mapbox, as a controller, is subject.
To protect the vital interests of an individual or of another natural person.
For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Mapbox as the controller or by an independent third party controller, except where the individual’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms override such interests.
Performance of the contract.
Consent.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of legitimate interests, Mapbox considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms. Mapbox has assessed that these legitimate interests are not overridden by the data protection interests or fundamental rights of any individuals. In all cases, Mapbox ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable.
Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as Mapbox determines it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 above. In determining how long to retain personal data, Mapbox considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data, the purposes for which personal data is processed, applicable legal requirements, and Mapbox’s legitimate interests. The purposes for which Mapbox processes data may dictate different retention periods for the same types of data. For example, Mapbox retains IP addresses for 30 days and after such time, in select instances, may need to extend such retention period for an investigation based on its legitimate interests to secure its products and services, prevent fraud and for legal compliance purposes.
Security
Mapbox takes steps designed to secure personal data in accordance with this product privacy policy.  Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and Mapbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data it receives.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Mapbox does not accept liability for unintentional or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
Children
Mapbox products and services are not intended or directed to children under the age of 18 (or other age of majority as required by local law), and Mapbox does not knowingly collect personal data from children. If the parent or legal guardian learns that their child has provided Mapbox with personal data without their consent, then they should contact Mapbox as set forth below in the Contact Mapbox section of this product privacy policy. If Mapbox learns that it has collected personal data in violation of applicable data protection laws and regulations, it will promptly take steps to delete such personal data.
Choices About Personal Data
To the fullest extent possible, Mapbox will fulfill data subject rights requests provided it can match a data subject (natural person to whom the personal data in question pertains) to personal data that Mapbox processes. Mapbox does not, and is not required to, collect additional personal data in order to positively identify a data subject.
As outlined in Section 1 above, Mapbox receives only minimal personal data and operates controls designed to promptly de-identify and anonymize such personal data. For example, Mapbox deletes IP addresses within 30 days of receipt (unless required for an investigation), so it is unlikely that Mapbox would have personal data capable of identifying a data subject after 30 days of receiving such data. However, if verifiable and detailed information is available, Mapbox will work with the data subject to determine if the request can reasonably be met. The data subject will need to provide a valid email address so that Mapbox can communicate and support the request, as well as any information that Mapbox determines may be needed to verify whether it holds any applicable personal data.
In accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations and depending upon the data subject’s residency, the data subject to whom the personal data pertains may have the right to request the following regarding certain of their personal data:
Access/view/know personal data
Portability of personal data in a commonly machine readable format
Correct personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete
Deletion of certain personal data
Restrict or object to processing of personal data
Opt-out of the “sale” or “share” or processing for “targeted advertising” (each as defined by applicable data protection laws and regulations) of personal data , if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law
To request deletion of certain personal data, please complete the form
here
. For any other request to exercise rights, please contact Mapbox at
privacy@mapbox.com
. The requesting email must come from the data subject to whom the personal data pertains and include the data subject’s name, email address and specific request or question. To protect privacy, Mapbox will take steps to verify the identity of the requestor before fulfilling the request. Mapbox will process such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.
To the extent required in the state where the data subject resides and where Mapbox has denied such data subject’s earlier request, the data subject may file an appeal with Mapbox for reconsideration. To file an appeal, please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com. The requesting email must come from the data subject to whom the personal data pertains and include the data subject’s name, email address and reference to the specific request and denial.
Mapbox encourages data subjects to contact it directly with any questions or complaints. However, Mapbox acknowledges and informs the data subject that they have the right to lodge a complaint in the EU and UK with the appropriate supervisory authority in the applicable jurisdiction; .; and in select United States states, to contact the respective state’s Attorney General’s Office, whose contact information may be identified here https://www.usa.gov/state-attorney-general (or successor link). In some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law.
Additional Information For California Residents
9.1 California Notice At Collection:
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to its product development and operations in an effort to collect the least amount of personal data from the outset. The limited personal dataset that Mapbox may receive, outlined below, describes personal data categories and associated example data elements.  Please note, many data elements are only classified as personal data when combined with an associated IP address, other persistent identifier or data element capable of identifying or being reasonably linked to a natural person.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP
address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer
to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s company name (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill)
and Mapbox product name.
Internet or other
electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, and an end user’s abandonment of a
given navigation route/use of an alternate navigation route.
Geolocation Data
- Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy
(an IP address is not associated with such geolocation data and the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)
- Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and search
results of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigation
customers (not end users) in their licensed applications.
- At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobile
device and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
‍
Dash branded products and services:
In addition to the above categories of personal data, Mapbox may also collect the following categories of personal data (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
The end users’ requests are associated with a randomly generated identifier in order for Dash
branded products and services to create a short-term and temporary profile required for
contextual conversations such as “hey Dash, remember the cafe you gave me directions to
yesterday? …”
Inferences
Inferences based on microphone (including voice inputs) and location data. For example,
if the end user asks about cafe’s, Dash branded products and services will infer that the
end user would like to know about cafe’s close to their location.
Conversation Data
Microphone data (including voice inputs).
Do not include sensitive information  to Dash branded products and services such as social
security number, bank account or other financial details, or special categories of Personal
Data such as, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical
beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric data, health and/or sex life.
‍
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox does not process personal data for the purposes of identifying an individual or creating or maintaining records about an individual. Instead, Mapbox processes personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain, secure and improve Mapbox products and services,
Provide customer requested support, including applying knowledge gained from individual customer support requests to benefit all Mapbox customers, to the extent such knowledge is de-identified,
Prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks,
Administer/bill customers (not end users),
Calculate de-identified aggregate statistics,
Train artificial intelligence models (to the extent personal data is first de-identified), which is a set of technologies and processes that allow computers to learn, reason, and assist in decision making; such models are used to improve Mapbox products and services,
Anonymize such data so it is no longer considered personal data,
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations, and
Comply with applicable law.
Mapbox processes de-identified data only in a de-identified form and does not permit attempts to re-identify such data or associate with a natural person.
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above uses of personal data, Mapbox may also use personal data in the following ways (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Mapbox uses personal data for purposes that are compatible with those stated above such as providing and supporting the service. For Dash branded products and services, machine learning to develop and improve and fine tune Mapbox’s models is one of those purposes.
Third party independent controller vendors will process the data you provide to Dash branded products and services for their own purposes. For more information visit their respective privacy policies (linked in Section 3). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to process in accordance  with Section 2 above.
In response to a request, so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its customers or their end users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or due diligence related thereto of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Dash branded products and services:
In addition to the above parties that Mapbox may disclose personal data to, Mapbox may also disclose personal data to the following third party independent controllers (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Certain functionality to instruct Dash branded products and services to process a question such as when the end user says “hey Dash” or touches the Dash branded products and services icon or starts typing a command. PicoVoice’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://picovoice.ai/docs/privacy-policy/  (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
On-device speech-to-text (“STT”) vendor (which Mapbox has no control over and is selected by the end user based on their device) will transpose audio speech spoken to Dash branded products and services to a string of text and send it to Mapbox servers to answer the end users question. The on-device STT processing is subject to its respective published privacy practices, which you should review. Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Large language model providers (“LLMs”), such as OpenAI review the end users voice input text and formulate a response to the end user. OpenAI’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Text-to-speech (“TTS”) vendors, such as Eleven labs transform the Mapbox appended LLM response to an audio MP3 file that is spoken (in audio form) to the requestor via Dash branded products and services. ElevenLabs processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://elevenlabs.io/privacy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
Data Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as Mapbox determines it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 above. In determining how long to retain personal data, Mapbox considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data, the purposes for which personal data is processed, applicable legal requirements, and Mapbox’s legitimate interests. The purposes for which Mapbox processes data may dictate different retention periods for the same types of data. For example, Mapbox retains IP addresses for 30 days and after such time, in select instances, may need to extend such retention period for an investigation based on its legitimate interests to secure its products and services, prevent fraud and for legal compliance purposes.
Changes to this Product Privacy Policy
Mapbox will update this product privacy policy at its own discretion from time to time to reflect changes in Mapbox’s practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors.
Contact Mapbox
Mapbox would love to hear any questions, concerns, or feedback about this product privacy policy or Mapbox’s data protection practices. Please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com.
Heading 1
Heading 2
Heading 3
Heading 4
Heading 5
Heading 6
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.
Block quote
Ordered list
Item 1
Item 2
Item 3
Unordered list
Item A
Item B
Item C
Text link
Bold text
Emphasis
Superscript
Subscript
Privacy & Security FAQ
Last Updated:  Aug 22, 2023
Mapbox provides a location data platform that powers maps and location services. Mapbox provides SDKs (software   development   kits)   and   APIs   (application   programming   interfaces),   which   businesses   and developers use to incorporate Mapbox mapping and navigation technologies into the licensed applications and  websites  they  make.  The  SDKs  contain  libraries  of  software  code  which  are  incorporated  into  a customer’s  licensed  application  or  website.  These  libraries  of  software  code  facilitate  API  requests  to Mapbox’s location data platform (which is a backend data server, hosted in the cloud (AWS-US)) which then responds with map and location content to the customer’s application or website.
In addition, Mapbox offers an on-premise version of its location data services, called Atlas.
No.
Mapbox does not sell personal data.
No.
For customers on a monthly active user (“MAU”) billing model, Mapbox maintains counts of MAUs for billing purposes only. Mapbox does not (and cannot) track an end user’s activity across billing cycles and does not build targeted profiles with the data processed through its products/services.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s account ID (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill) and Mapbox product name(s) and version(s). Such as data that an individual may upload to Mapbox products/services or otherwise provide to Mapbox in connection with support, or feedback that end  users  voluntarily  contribute  to  Mapbox  along  with  their  associated contact information.
Internet or other electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, an end user’s abandonment of a given navigation route / use of an alternate navigation route;
Such as connectivity and device data including device model and browser information, operating system, and contents of an API or SDK request.
Geolocation Data
Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy (the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and searchresults of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigationcustomers (not end users) in their licensed applications.At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobiledevice and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to product development and operations in an effort to collect only limited  data  from  the  outset. Mapbox  operates  a  number  of  technical  and  organization measures regarding the limited personal dataset that we process, such as strict access controls and prompt deletion of raw log files that contain IP addresses and billing IDs. Mapbox deploys regular ID rotation and 1-way hashing for billing IDs, which must be retained for accounting and billing purposes, to minimize the ability  to  track  user  requests over time. Billing  IDs  are  not  transmitted with  unrelated  events,  further reducing  the  feasibility  of  correlating  a  user’s  activities  over  time.  In  addition, Mapbox operates  strict anonymization procedures, such as clipping traces, for telemetry events that send location data.
Communication   through   the   Internet   requires   the   presence   of   IP   addresses,   which   specify   each transmission’s  origin  and  destination.  When  end  users  engage  with  applications  that  access  Mapbox products/services through the Internet, the end user necessarily discloses their current IP address to one or more Mapbox servers. IP addresses are retained in cloudfront logs for 30 days for billing and customer usage reporting, unless involved in an ongoing security, anti-fraud, or misuse investigation.
Mapbox  receives  location  data  when  a  Mapbox  customer’s  end  users  uses  a  licensed  application  that incorporates Mapbox mobile SDKs and the end user has authorized the licensed application’s use of the end user’s device location via their mobile phone or device operating system.
Location  data  includes  fields  such  as  latitude  and  longitude,  altitude,  horizontal  and  vertical  accuracy,  a session  ID  rotating  every  24  hours,  and  origin  IP  address  (as  would  any  Internet  communication).   The  IP address that accompanies location data is retained at the load balancer (where it is used for security and PUBLISHED: Aug 22, 2023https://www.mapbox.com/legal/legal-faq Mapbox Customer FAQ, Page 3billing  purposes  and  discarded  after  30  days).  This  IP  address  is  not  forwarded  to  the  location  telemetry processing pipeline. Location data is encrypted in transit and at rest, and is subject to the principle of least access, with the minimal number of personnel and processes having access to it in its pre-aggregated form.
In the location data anonymization pipeline, the location data is then anonymized by clipping off the origin and destination of the trip and further dividing the trip into segments, which cannot be reassembled. The anonymized  location   data  is  then  used  to  improve  Mapbox  mapping  products,   including  the  Traffic  and Movement data products.
In AWS in the United States.
However, for performance purposes, Mapbox regularly caches content on its AWS  content  delivery  network  (“CDN”)  located  in  various  regions.  Mapbox  employees  who  work  for Mapbox wholly-owned subsidiaries may access personal data from the countries where they work in order to support, develop and provide Mapbox products/services.
No.
Mapbox’s  products/services  store  and  serve  source  data  from  an  AWS  primary  region  in  the  US.  As noted  above,  data  is  cached  and  served  out  of  various  regions  outside  the  US  for  performance  reasons, however  Mapbox  cannot  serve  its  data  from  one  limited  geographic  region.  To  comply  with  GDPR  and safeguard transfers to the US and other countries, please see
Mapbox's DPA, Schedule C
, which includes the Standard Contractual Clauses released in 2021 by the European Commission.
Yes.
Mapbox  carefully  scrutinizes  the  personal  data  it  processes  within  its  engineering  lifecycle,  which includes conducting a privacy review for new (or changed) processing activities. Mapbox follows privacy-by-design principles and works diligently to limit the personal data it processes from the outset. A DPIA is conducted in any situation in which processing of personal data may be considered high risk and not able to be accomplished in a lower risk manner.
Mapbox runs a global data protection program designed to operate in compliance with applicable global privacy laws, including: VCDPA
(Virginia, USA),
UCPA
(Utah, USA),
UK-GDPR
(UK),
TIPA
(Tennessee, USA),
TDPSA
(Texas, USA),
PIPEDA
(Canada),
MTCDPA
(Montana, USA),
LGPD
(Brazil),
IDPL
(Iowa, USA),
ICDPA
(Indianna,  USA),
GDPR
(Europe),
CTDPA
(Connecticut,  USA),
CCPA
and  its  implementing  regulations including
CPRA
(California,  USA),
CPA
(Colorado,  USA),  and
APPI
(Japan),  among  many  other  important jurisdictions.
‍
Mapbox’s privacy program is based on privacy by design, which includes monitoring for upcoming privacy laws  and  regulations  to  assess  whether  its  practices  may  need  to  be  adjusted  to  maintain  compliance; product/service  privacy  reviews;  data  breach  response  processes; and  operationalized  technical  and organizational measures designed to ensure the security of the personal data it receives including: security audits  and  SOC2  certification;  anonymization  &  pseudonymization  of  personal  data  (where  applicable); strict access control with logging; limited data retention periods.
Yes.
Mapbox  is  SOC2  Type  2  certified  with  a
summary  SOC3  report  available  for  customer  review
.   In addition, Mapbox earned and maintains Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange (“TISAX”) and ISO 9001 certifications. Upon request and execution of an NDA, Mapbox may share a copy of its latest SOC2 report.
Mapbox welcomes any further questions you may have regarding its ongoing commitment to privacy and data security. Please contact Mapbox’s privacy office at privacy@mapbox.com.
Want to receive updates on our sub-processors?
Please subscribe below:
Stay tuned for updates!
Please enter an email address that includes @.
We care about your privacy
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Manage Preferences
Decline All
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 4
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:

Sub-policy 5
https://www.couchsurfing.com/preferences/privacy:
Stay with Locals and Meet Travelers
Share Authentic Travel Experiences
Sign Up Faster With
Facebook
We will never post without your permission.
or
Sign Up With Email
First Name
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Last Name
*
Email
*
Email
*
Password
*
Password
*
Must be at least 8 characters
Join
Download Our App
Already a member?
Log In
Log in to Couchsurfing
Email or Username
*
Email or Username *
Password
*
Password *
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Log In
or
Continue with Facebook
Don't have an account?
Join
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
142
partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes