2025 Collections
chevron_right
Experience
chevron_right
Union Lido Mare
chevron_right
search
camera_video
de
en
it
language
en
Neverending Camping
search
Homepage
keyboard_arrow_right
Privacy Information Notice for Users
Privacy Information Notice for Users
Union Lido Mare
calendar_month
Check availability
NEVERENDING CAMPING
Privacy Information Notice for Users
S.I.T.L.A. S.r.l. – headquartered in Via Porciglia, 15 – 35121 Padua (Italy), VAT registration number 00373980283 (hereinafter the “
Data Controller
”), owner of the websites
https://www.unionlido.com
-
https://booking.mare.unionlido.com
-
https://mare.unionlido.com
-
https://www.casagiotto.it
-
https://booking-casagiotto.pod.camp
(hereinafter the “
Sites
”), in its capacity as the
personal data controller
pertaining to users who browse and are registered on the sites (hereinafter the “
Users
“) hereby provides its privacy policy pursuant to the provisions of Art. 13 of EU Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (hereinafter referred to as the “
Regulation
” or the “GDPR” or the “
Applicable Legislation
”).
These Sites and any services offered through the Sites are reserved for people who are 18 years of age and over. The Data Controller does not collect personal data relating to persons under the age of 18, unless entered by users over the age of 18 who declare that they can exercise parental responsibility. At the request of Users, the Data Controller will promptly erase all personal data unintentionally collected and relating to persons under the age of 18.
The Data Controller takes the utmost account of the right to privacy and protection of the personal data of its Users. For any information in relation to this privacy policy, Users may
contact the Data Controller
at any time, in one of the following ways:
By sending a registered letter with return receipt to the Data Controller’s registered office
By sending an e-mail to:
privacy@unionlido.com
.
Please note that, after an assessment of specialist knowledge of the provisions on personal data protection, the Company has appointed the Personal Data Protection Officer. The Personal Data Protection Officer monitors compliance with the legislation on the processing of personal data, provides the necessary advice and cooperates with the Personal Data Protection Authority.
The Personal Data Protection Officer and their contact details are as follows: E-mail:
dpo@unionlido.com
1. Purposes of processing
The personal data of Users will be lawfully processed by the Data Controller pursuant to the provisions of Art. 6 of the Regulation for the following processing purposes:
site navigation,
in relation to the possibility of collecting User data that is technically necessary, such as IP address, when browsing the sites.
contractual obligations and provision of the service in the case of on-line bookings
, to implement the General Terms and Conditions of Sale, which the User accepts when registering on the booking site and to fulfil specific User requests. The user data collected by the Data Controller for the purpose of possible registration on the booking site include:
Compulsory:
E-mail address, Name, Surname, Address, Country, date of birth (for age verification) and mobile phone number
Optional
: any personal information about the User that may be voluntarily included in the contact forms of the booking site.
Unless the User gives the Data Controller a specific and optional consent to the processing of their data for the further purposes set out in the following paragraphs, the User’s personal data will be used by the Data Controller solely for the purpose of ascertaining the User’s identity (including by validating their e-mail address), thus avoiding possible fraud or abuse, and contacting the User for service purposes only (e.g. notifying the user about the services offered on the booking site). Without prejudice to the provisions elsewhere in this privacy policy, under no circumstances shall the Data Controller make the Users’ personal data accessible to other Users and/or third parties.
administrative and accounting purposes
, i.e. to carry out organisational, administrative, financial and accounting activities, such as internal organisational activities and activities functional to the fulfilment of contractual and pre-contractual obligations;
legal obligations
, or to fulfil obligations envisaged by law, by an authority, a regulation or European legislation;
receiving CVs
used for recruitment, using the appropriate contact form. A specific policy will be provided on the relevant page.
The provision of personal data for the aforementioned processing purposes is optional but necessary, as failure to provide such data will make it impossible for the User to browse the Sites, register on the Sites and use the services offered by the Data Controller on the Sites.
2. Additional processing purposes: marketing and newsletters (sending advertising material, special offers)
With the User’s
free and optional consent
, certain personal data of the User (i.e. name, surname, e-mail address, address) may be processed by the Data Controller also for marketing and newsletter purposes (sending advertising material, direct sales, commercial communication, sending newsletters containing information in relation to important industry news related to the activities of the Sites), i.e. to enable the Data Controller to contact the User by mail, e-mail, to propose to the User the purchase of products and/or services offered by the same Data Controller, to submit offers, promotions and business opportunities.   In the absence of consent, the User’s ability to register on the Sites will not be affected. In the event of consent, the User may at any time revoke their consent by making a request to the Data Controller in the manner set out in paragraph 6 below.
The User may also easily object to receiving further promotional communications and newsletters via e-mail by clicking on the appropriate opt-out link, which is present in every promotional e-mail and newsletter.
The Data Controller hereby states that, following the exercise of the right to object to receiving promotional communications and newsletters by e-mail, it may be the case that, for technical and operational reasons (e.g. compiling of the contact list completed shortly before the Data Controller received the User’s opt-out request), the User may continue to receive some additional promotional and newsletter messages. Should the User continue to receive promotional and newsletter messages after 24 hours of exercising their right to opt out, please report this issue to the Data Controller using the contact details provided in paragraph 6 below.
Please note that the Data Controller’s Newsletter is operated on the Active Campaign platform, which belongs to ActiveCampaign LLC, with its registered office at 1 North Dearborn Street, 5
th
floor, Chicago, IL 60602 (USA), which ensures compliance with personal data protection regulations, is registered with the Data Privacy Framework – please refer to their privacy policy (
https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/privacy-policy
).
3. Data processing methods and storage times
The Data Controller will process User personal data using the manual and computerised tools, on the basis of procedures strictly correlated with the above purposes and in any event in such a manner as to ensure the security and confidentiality of the data.
The personal data of Users of the Sites will be kept for the time strictly necessary to carry out the primary purposes described in paragraph 1 above, or in any case as necessary for the protection in civil proceedings of the interests of both Users and Data Controller, except as stated in the specific recruitment policy.
In the cases referred to in paragraph 2 above, Users’ personal data will be retained until their consent is revoked or they request to opt out and, in any event, within the limits set out in the Applicable Legislation.
4. Legal basis of processing
With reference to the purposes referred to in points (1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.5), the legal basis of the processing is indeed the provision of the services provided through the Sites and requested by you (pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b of the Privacy Regulation 2016/679); with reference to the optional purposes referred to in paragraph (2), the legal basis of the processing is Your possible freely expressed consent (pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 1, letter a of the Privacy Regulation 2016/679); with reference to the purposes set out in point (1.4) of the previous paragraph, the legal basis of the processing is to fulfil a legal obligation to which the data controller is subject (pursuant to Article 6, paragraph 1, letter c of the Privacy Regulation 2016/679).
5. Data disclosure
Employees and/or collaborators of the Data Controller in charge of managing the Sites may become aware of the personal data of Users. These subjects, who are formally appointed by the Data Controller as “data processors”, will process the User’s data solely for the purposes indicated in this policy and in compliance with the provisions of the Applicable Legislation.
Third parties who may process personal data on behalf of the Data Controller as “
External Data Processors
” may also become aware of the Users’ personal data; these include for example providers of IT and logistics services required for the operation of the Sites, outsourced or cloud computing service providers, professionals and consultants.
Users have the right to obtain a list of any data processors appointed by the Data Controller by sending a request to the Data Controller in the manner indicated in paragraph 6 below.
6. Rights of Data Subjects
Users may exercise their rights pursuant to the provisions of Art. 15 et seq. of the GDPR, in the manner envisaged by the provisions of Art. 12, by contacting the Data Controller as follows:
By sending a registered letter with return receipt to the Data Controller’s registered office
By sending an e-mail to:
privacy@unionlido.com
Should our company fail to respond within the time frames set out in the regulations or should you deem the response to the exercising of your rights to be unsuitable, you may lodge a complaint with the Personal Data Protection Authority. Below are their details: Garante per la protezione dei dati personali (Personal Data Protection Authority)(
www.gpdp.it
–
protocollo@gpdp.it
).
Have you not booked yet?
Plan your holiday now
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
With respect to advertising, we and 954  selected
third parties
, may use
precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
in order to
store and/or access information on a device
and process personal data like your usage data for the following
advertising purposes
:
personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. If you give consent, it will be valid only in this domain. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept all” button to consent. Use the “Reject all” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Necessary
Functionality
Experience
Measurement
Marketing
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more
Reject all
Accept all
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Contents
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Disclosure of Information
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
Retaining Your Information
Your Choices
Contact Us
Additional Information for Residents of Certain Jurisdictions
Residents of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland
Residents of California
Residents of Australia
Residents of Brazil
Residents of Costa Rica
ActiveCampaign, LLC (“
ActiveCampaign
”) provides a marketing platform that allows clients to reach their customers, to understand how their customers interact with those communications and other content, and to customize marketing based on their customers’ interests. This Privacy Policy explains how ActiveCampaign, and its related bodies corporate (including AC PM LLC, ActiveCampaign Australia Pty Limited, ActiveCampaign Ireland Limited, ActiveCampaign Brasil LTDA, and ActiveCampaign Costa Rica S.R.L.), collect, use and disclose information from job applicants, website visitors, and our current and prospective clients(“
clients
” or “
you
”) when you use our services. These services include, as applicable, ActiveCampaign’s websites, platform, mobile application and other online products and services, as well as the Postmark and DMARC Digests websites, web applications and services owned and operated by AC PM LLC (collectively, the “
Services
”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply where we process personal information as a data processor or service provider on behalf of our clients. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the information, such as email addresses, that our clients import into our Services regarding their customers or business contacts (“
Contact Data
”) or to the end users, customers, or business contacts to whom that Contact Data may belong. When we act as a data processor or service provider, the privacy policy of our clients who use our Services applies instead of this Privacy Policy, and our processing of Contact Data is governed by our agreements with our clients.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
The types of personal information that we collect will depend on the nature of your dealings with us.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, participate in any interactive features of the Services, engage with a chatbot on our website, fill out a form, make a purchase, participate in a contest or promotion, communicate with us via third party social media sites, interact with a message board, apply for a job, request customer support, use our platform or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include: (1) identifiers, such as your full name, phone number, email address, postal mail address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, (2) commercial information, such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, (3) professional or employment-related information such as company name, company payment information, and business contact information (e.g., business phone number, address, or email); and (4) any other information you choose to provide (e.g. engaging with a chatbot is completely voluntary and you alone decide what personal information you disclose about yourself in the chat).
Information About Your Use of the Services
Usage Information
We collect information about your use of the Services, such as the ways in which you use our platform, the way you respond to us when we send you emails or communications or your preferences when you interact with our Services.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information:
We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, your general location and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Transactional Information:
When you make a purchase, we collect information about the transaction, such as purchase details, purchase price, and date and location of the transaction. We or a designated third party may collect payment and credit card information when you subscribe to our paid Services or purchase additional services.
Device Information:
We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We and our service providers use various technologies to collect information, including cookies, web beacons and session replay. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. Session replay provides the ability to replay a visitor’s interaction with our Services, such as mouse movements, clicks and page visits, in helping us to better understand your experience and may employ cookies and similar technologies. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “
Your Choices
” below or visit the applicable Cookie Policy located at
https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/cookie-policy
for ActiveCampaign services and
https://postmarkapp.com/cookie-policy
for Postmark and DMARC Digests services.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address. We may also infer information about your email and contact preferences based on how you respond to our communications with you, what information you find helpful, and what type of communication language most resonates with you.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to social media sites, credit bureaus, data enrichment providers, fraud prevention vendors and partners, and publicly available sources. Additionally, if you create or log into your account through a third-party site, we may have access to certain information from that site, which could include information such as your name, account information, and other information you make available, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party site.
Integrations with Other Services
You may have the option of integrating our Services with other services, technologies or platforms on your desktop, permitted websites and/or your mobile phone. For example, we may offer you widgets that have countdowns to various launches as well as the opportunity to connect the Services with other third-party services that you use in your business. These integrations may require you to input information about you or result in the disclosure of information about you from the Services to a third party, or cause the Services to receive information about you from a third party with whom you instruct us to integrate. These integrations may (i) check for updates automatically and transmit your information to their server and/or engine; (ii) send information entered into or accessed by the technology to its server and/or engine; (iii) be visible to the public if embedded on publicly available webpages (such as social networking webpages); or (iv) transmit information about you to or from the Services, depending on the policies of that website. Please note that when you enable an integration between the Services and a third party, any information about you that is transmitted to a third party will be subject to the policies and procedures of that third party and not of ActiveCampaign.
Connecting Your Email Account
Should you choose to connect your email account to our platform, you will be using a set of features built using technology from Nylas, Inc. By signing up or using the Nylas application, you understand and agree that Nylas, Inc. and its affiliates who provide Nylas (“
Nylas
”), will have access to your information and will be permitted to use that information for specific, limited purposes to provide the Services to you, in accordance with our agreement with Nylas.  This integration is a completely optional service and is not required to use our platform.
Google OAuth:
You have the option of integrating aspects of your Google email metadata with your account through our integration with Nylas. We will ask for your consent to connect your Google account to your ActiveCampaign account. This step is optional but can very valuable in helping you to make the best use of our platform by tracking your interactions with your leads and customers.
When you connect your Google account with the ActiveCampaign platform through Nylas, we will have access to certain information such as the email meta headers (sender, recipient, and date), the email message body and subject line (“
Google Data
”).
We only process Google Data you make available to us through this integration in order to provide the Service to you and to improve the Services, consistent with
Google’s Limited Use Requirements
. We do not independently access the Google Data ourselves unless we first obtain your consent to view the Google Data (e.g., to provide you with tech support), we need to do so for internal security purposes, to comply with applicable law, or where the data is fully aggregated and anonymized for internal use purposes and cannot be used to identify you or your email recipients.
In addition, we will only transfer the Google Data to others if necessary to provide or improve user-facing features that are prominent in the Services, to comply with applicable laws, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets. We also do not use Google Data for advertising purposes.
At any time, you can disconnect your Google account and delete this data in your account or by reaching out to
privacy@activecampaign.com
and requesting that it be deleted.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain and improve our Services, such as to administer your account and to provide you with insights to help you optimize your use of our platform.
We may also use the information we collect to:
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you transaction-related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service (this may include the use of chatbots and please note that your queries and responses to these chatbots may be transcribed and retained);
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by ActiveCampaign and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Audit related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including but not limited to, counting ad impressions of unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors impairing existing intended functionality;
Undertake internal research for technical development and demonstration;
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service owned, manufactured for, or controlled by ActiveCampaign, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service owned, manufactured for, or controlled by ActiveCampaign;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of ActiveCampaign and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards; and
Comply with our legal and financial obligations.
Disclosure of Information
We often need to engage other companies and individuals to help us operate and provide the Services. This includes our related bodies corporate, vendors and service providers (such as learning management platforms, customer service support, analytics and security providers) who have only limited access to information about you, may use such information only to perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to us not to disclose or use information about you for other purposes.
We will not disclose information about you except in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, payment processing, fraud detection and prevention, customer service support providers and chatbot providers;
If you post content in a public area of our Services, we disclose this information publicly on our Services;
If you choose to use integrations we offer on our Services or to otherwise integrate third party products with our Services, such as connecting your email account to our platform or integrating an ecommerce account with our Services, we may disclose certain information to the integration partners or as directed by you through the integration you enable (See our “Integrations with Other Services” section for more information);
With approved ActiveCampaign partners to provide the Services, customer support, and additional onboarding, implementation and consulting services to you in your local language;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation (including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements);
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of ActiveCampaign or others;
With our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among ActiveCampaign and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent or at your direction.
In addition, we may disclose aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Please also see our “Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others” section below.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, session replay, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by ActiveCampaign and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, better understand your online activity and identify usability issues or areas for improvement. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
or
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
if you are in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“).
We also use Google Analytics within our Services. For more information on how Google may use personal information about you, see
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
for more information.
Please note: If you choose to opt-out of interest-based advertising, you may continue to see or receive online advertising, but such ads may not be as relevant to you.
We also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of customized campaigns on third-party platforms (such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn). As part of these ad campaigns, we or the third-party platforms may convert information about you, such as your email address and phone number, into a unique value that can be matched with a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and serve you advertising that is customized to your interests. Note that the third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see these types of customized ads.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
In order to provide you with the Services you subscribe to or that you request from us, information about you may be transferred to ActiveCampaign locations in the United States, Australia, Ireland, Brazil, and Costa Rica as well as countries where our service providers and approved ActiveCampaign partners may be based. In some cases, information about you may be transferred to or accessed from other countries, including when you consent and allow us to do so, where it is required in order for us to provide Services to you and when we need to do so to provide functions like product support, troubleshooting and gaining insights into the usage patterns of our Services. When information about you is transferred to countries other than your home country, you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law. Any international transfers of such information will be done in accordance with applicable law.
Data Privacy Framework
In connection with our processing of personal data (as defined by European law) received from the European Union, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, ActiveCampaign and AC PM LLC comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “
Data Privacy Framework
”) with respect to personal data we process from the EU, the UK or Switzerland and transfer to the United States. ActiveCampaign has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the EU and the UK in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. ActiveCampaign has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. For more information about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
. We remain responsible and liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any personal data that we disclose to third parties for external processing on our behalf, as described in the “
Disclosure of Information
” section above, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Where appropriate or required to do so, we will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent data controller in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. Requests to opt out of such disclosures or uses of your personal data should be sent to us using the details provided in the “
Contact Us
” section below.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, ActiveCampaign commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework should first contact ActiveCampaign at
privacy@activecampaign.com
. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Further, in compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, ActiveCampaign commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. In certain circumstances, the Data Privacy Framework provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints (see Annex I to the DPF Principles for more details).
Data Transfer Agreements
One of the mechanisms we use to help provide protection for the transfer of personal data to countries outside of your home country is through a series of intercompany agreements. If you are in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, this may include the Standard Contractual Clauses authorized under European Union law. You can find a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses at
this link
.
Retaining Your Information
We will retain information about you only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or as described to you, including for as long as your account is active (i.e., for the lifetime of your account), or as needed to provide the Services to you. If you no longer want us to use information about you to provide the Services to you, you may cancel your account. We will retain and use such information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws or to demonstrate our compliance with applicable laws governing our interaction with you), resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. These log files are generally retained for a limited period of time, except in cases where they are used for the safety and security of the Services, to improve functionality of the Services or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.
Your Choices
Account Information
If you are a current client, you may update, correct or delete certain account information about you at any time by logging into your online account or emailing us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
. If you wish to cancel or temporarily pause your account, please email us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
and let us know what you are requesting, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. You can visit the applicable Cookie Policy, available at
https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/cookie-policy
in respect of ActiveCampaign services and
https://postmarkapp.com/cookie-policy
in respect of Postmark and DMARC Digests services, for more information on your choices with respect to cookies.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, by clicking the “
unsubscribe
” link at the bottom of any of our emails, or by contacting us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
or you can otherwise reach us at:
1 North Dearborn Street, 5th floor
Chicago, IL 60602
For ActiveCampaign job applicants as well as current, former, and prospective clients or website visitors, the data controller for purposes of processing information about you is ActiveCampaign, LLC.
For Postmark and DMARC Digests current, former, and prospective clients or website visitors, the data controller for purposes of processing information about you is AC PM LLC.
Additional Information for Residents of Certain Jurisdictions
Residents of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data.
Lawful Basis for Processing
If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we primarily rely on the following bases to process your personal data lawfully.
First, it is necessary for us to process your personal data in certain ways in order to provide the Services to you, in accordance with a contract between you and us, including, our Terms of Service, available at
https://www.activecampaign.com/legal/terms-of-service/
.
Second, where you have given us valid consent to use your personal data in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. This includes situations where we will obtain your consent prior to sending you information about our products and Services.
Third, in certain cases we may process your personal data where necessary to further our legitimate interests, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. This includes usage statistics, analytics and internal analysis we run to better understand how to use our platform so that we can improve our Services and also provide you with better recommendations on how to get the most out of our platform and to accomplish your goals. This also includes information we process and disclose to detect, prevent, and address fraudulent and illegal activities on our Services.
Fourth, in some cases we may process your personal data where necessary to satisfy our legal obligations. This includes records containing your personal data that we may be required to retain for a period of time or may be legally required to disclose to a government authority or third party.
Data Subject Rights Requests
If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to personal data we hold and to ask that your personal data be corrected, erased, or transferred. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing activities.
If you submitted personal data directly to us or in accordance with the provision of our Services and you would like to view, change, limit or delete your personal data, you can do so via your account settings or by contacting us. Upon request, we will notify you about whether we hold any of your personal data. By visiting your account settings, you can access, correct, change and delete certain of your personal data associated with your account. In certain cases where we process your personal data, you may also have a right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal data. In certain circumstances, you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, to request the deletion of your personal data and to obtain a copy of your personal data in machine-readable format.
If you need assistance accessing or modifying your personal data or wish to delete your personal data, please email us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
.
Withdrawing Consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data where we process it based on your consent. You can do this at any time by opting out of commercial emails we send you by clicking on the unsubscribe links in those emails, or emailing us with your request at
privacy@activecampaign.com
, or by simply cancelling your account through your account settings and then emailing
privacy@activecampaign.com
to request that your personal data be deleted.
If you withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, you may not have access to some (or any) of the Services, and we might not be able to provide you some (or any) of the Services. Please note that, in certain cases, we may continue to process your personal data after you have withdrawn consent and requested that we delete your personal data, if we have a legal basis to do so. For example, we may retain certain information if we need to do so to comply with an independent legal obligation, or if it is necessary to do so to pursue our legitimate interest in keeping the Services safe and secure.
Questions or Complaints
EU-REP.Global has been appointed as ActiveCampaign’s representative in the European Union and the UK pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“
GDPR
”) and the GDPR as incorporated into UK law (“
UK GDPR
”) respectively. Accordingly, in addition to reaching us via the details provided in our “
Contact Us
” section above, you may contact EU-REP.Global on matters related to our processing of your personal data as follows:
If you are in the European Union, you may address privacy-related inquiries to: EU-REP.Global GmbH, Attn: ActiveCampaign, Hopfenstr. 1d, 24114 Kiel, Germany or
activecampaign@eu-rep.global
If you are in the UK, you may address privacy-related inquiries to: DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd., Attn: ActiveCampaign, 16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom or
activecampaign@eu-rep.global
If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland and have a concern about our processing of your personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority where you reside. For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see the links below:
For individuals in the EEA:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
For individuals in the UK:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
.
For individuals in Switzerland:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
.
Residents of California
If you are a resident of California, you have certain rights as a “consumer” under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq.) with respect to your personal information. This section describes your CCPA consumer rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
CCPA Consumer Rights
Your CCPA rights include the right to request access to your personal information, to request deletion or correction of your personal information, and to know additional details about our personal information practices (see below). You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or "sharing" of your personal information, which is broadly defined under the CCPA to include certain cases of simply making data available to third parties (see below), and to not be discriminated against.
For details about how to exercise these rights, please see “
Your Choices
” above. You may additionally contact us through our toll-free number at
+1 (866) 851-5211
, and finally, you may exercise your rights by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on our
CCPA page
to take you to a webform or, as applicable, submitting a verifiable consumer request through
https://postmarkapp.com/contact
. California consumers may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these options on their behalf. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise these rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests on your behalf. We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights related to your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
The CCPA requires that we describe the personal information we collect using the categories as defined by the CCPA. While our collection, use and disclosure of personal information varies based on our relationship and interactions with you, this section explains the categories of personal information that we may generally collect about California consumers.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information as defined under the CCPA:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name;
Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as age or gender;
Commercial Information, including records of Services purchased and credit card or other payment information;
Internet or electronic network activity information, information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Services including an internet website, application, or advertisement;
Geolocation data;
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such as profile pictures;
Professional or employment-related information;
Education Information; and
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
This includes the following categories of sensitive personal information as defined under the CCPA:
Contents of mail, email, or text messages.
Note that we only collect, use, disclose or process sensitive personal information for the limited purposes permitted under the CCPA and not for the purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer.
For more specific examples of the personal information we collect, please see “
Collection of Information
" above.
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting Personal Information
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “
Use of Information
”.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We collect personal information directly from you, automatically from your use of our Services, by using or combining personal information to derive additional personal information about you, and from others as described in “
Collection of Information
”.
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties as described in the “
Disclosure of Information
” section above. Note that any disclosure of information as described in that section does not apply to Contact Data.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following CCPA-defined categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information Disclosed for a business or commercial purpose
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including, data hosting providers, fraud detection and prevention vendors, customer service support providers, IT support providers, learning management platforms, video hosting platforms, cloud services providers
Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including data hosting providers, cloud services providers
Commercial Information
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including payment processors, IT support providers, cloud services providers
Internet or electronic network activity information
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including data hosting providers, data analytics providers, cloud services providers
Geolocation data
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including data hosting providers, data analytics providers, cloud services providers
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including data hosting providers, cloud services providers
Professional or employment related information
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including data hosting providers, cloud services providers
Education Information
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including data hosting providers, cloud services providers
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including data hosting providers, cloud services providers
This includes disclosures of the following CCPA-defined categories of sensitive personal information for business or commercial purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Information Disclosed for a business or commercial purpose
Categories of Recipients
Contents of mail, email, or text messages
Related bodies corporate, vendors, consultants and service providers who perform services on our behalf including, data hosting providers, fraud detection and prevention vendors, customer service support providers, IT support providers, learning management platforms, video hosting platforms, cloud services providers
Note that any disclosures of personal information as described in this section does not apply to Contact Data.
“Sales” of Personal Information
The CCPA requires that we provide transparency about personal information we “sell.” For the purposes of the CCPA, this broadly means scenarios in which we have disclosed personal information to third parties in exchange for any “valuable consideration” (i.e., no monetary payment needs to be involved). Although we do not sell your personal information in exchange for money, we do disclose personal information for the commercial purpose of enriching datasets to better understand how to tailor our Services to your use cases. Note that any “sales” of personal information as described in this section does not apply to Contact Data.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” the following categories of personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Parties
Identifiers
Data enrichment providers
Internet or electronic network activity information
Data enrichment providers
You have the right to opt out of these “sales” at any time by going to our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on our
CCPA webpage
. We do not knowingly collect, and therefore do not sell, the personal information of consumers under the age of 16.
“Sharing” of Personal Information
The CCPA also requires that we explain how we “share” personal information, which under the CCPA broadly means making personal information available to third parties for the purposes of providing personalized ads or content, also known as “cross-context behavioral advertising” or “internet-based advertising”. As such, we may “share” your personal information with a third party to help serve you with personalized content or ads that may be more relevant to your interests, and to otherwise advertise our products and Services. Note that any “sharing” of personal information as described in this section does not apply to Contact Data.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “shared” the following categories of personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Parties
Internet or electronic network activity information
Advertising networks and social networks
You have the right to opt out of this “sharing” at any time by going to our “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on our
CCPA webpage
. We do not knowingly collect, and therefore do not share, the personal information of consumers under the age of 16.
Retention of Personal Information
We may retain your personal information for the length of time as described in the “
Retaining Your Information
” section above.
Residents of Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you have certain rights and protections with respect to your personal information under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) or “
Australian Privacy Act
”.
Australian Privacy Act Individual Rights
The Australian Privacy Act gives you a right to:
Seek access to the personal information we hold about you; and
Ask us to correct your personal information when it is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading.
If you would like to access or correct your personal information, please see “
Your Choices
” above for information on how you can exercise your rights. In all cases, you may email us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
with details of your request.
Storage and Security of Information
We maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures consistent with industry standards to protect the personal information we hold about you from misuse, interference and loss, and unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Questions or Complaints
If you have any concerns about the way that your personal information is processed by us, we encourage you to contact us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
. We will deal with your concerns as soon as possible and endeavor to get back to you within a reasonable timeframe.
If you are a resident of Australia and have a concern about our processing of your personal data that we are not able to resolve, you can lodge a complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). For contact details of the OAIC, please see:
https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us/
.
Residents of Brazil
If you are a resident of Brazil, you have certain rights and protections regarding the processing of your personal data under the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“
LGPD
”).
Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data
Under the LGPD, we primarily rely on the following bases to lawfully process your personal data:
Where you provide us with valid consent to process your personal data;
When it is necessary in order to fulfill our legitimate interests or those of a third party, unless your fundamental rights and liberties, which require personal data protection, outweigh those interests;
Where it is necessary order to fulfil the execution of a contract with you;
When we must comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
Where we seek to exercise our rights in judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings.
Data Subject Rights Requests
If you are a resident of Brazil, you have the right to obtain the following from us in respect of personal data we hold about you: confirmation of the existence of the processing; access to the data; correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date data; anonymization, blocking or deletion of unnecessary or excessive data or data processed in noncompliance with the LGPD; transfer of the data to another service or product provider; deletion of personal data processed with your consent; information on the entities to whom we have disclosed the data; information on the possibility and consequences of not providing consent; and review of decisions made exclusively on the basis of automated processing of personal data and which affect your interests.
If you submitted personal data directly to us or in accordance with the provision of Services and you would like to confirm the existence of processing, or access, correct, transfer, limit or delete your personal data, you can do so via your account settings or by contacting us. Upon request, we will notify you about whether we hold any of your personal data. By visiting your account settings, you can access, correct, transfer, limit or delete certain personal data associated with your account.
In all cases, you may exercise your data subject rights by emailing us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
with details of your request.
Withdrawing Consent
You also have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data where we process it based on your consent. You can do this at any time by opting out of commercial emails we send you by clicking on the unsubscribe links in those emails, or emailing us with your request at
privacy@activecampaign.com
, or by simply cancelling your account through your account settings and then emailing
privacy@activecampaign.com
to request that your personal data be deleted.
If you withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, you may not have access to some (or any) of the Services, and we might not be able to provide you some (or any) of the Services. Please note that, in certain cases, we may continue to process your personal data after you have withdrawn consent and requested that we delete your personal data, if we have a legal basis to do so. For example, we may retain certain information if we need to do so to comply with an independent legal obligation, or if it is necessary to do so to pursue our legitimate interest in keeping the Services safe and secure. You may oppose the processing of your personal data when you have withdrawn your consent, if such processing is not compliant with the LGPD, by emailing us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
.
Questions or Complaints
If you are a resident of Brazil and have a concern about our processing of your personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the National Data Protection Authority (ANPD).
Residents of Costa Rica
If you are a resident of Costa Rica, you have certain rights and protections with respect to your personal data under local laws for the data protection and privacy.
Data Subject Rights Requests
At any time during the processing of your personal data by ActiveCampaign, you may exercise your legal and constitutional rights in relation to your personal data, including, but not limited to, the following: right of access, right of amendment and correction, right of erasure, and right of informational self-determination.
If you submitted personal data directly to us or in accordance with the provision of our Services and you would like to view, change, limit or delete your personal data, you can do so via your account settings or by contacting us. Upon request, we will notify you about whether we hold any of your personal data. By visiting your account settings, you can access, correct, change and delete certain personal data associated with your account.
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your data or need assistance with the exercise of your data subject rights, please email us at
privacy@activecampaign.com
.
Withdrawing Consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data where we process it based on your consent. You can do this at any time by opting out of commercial emails we send you by clicking on the unsubscribe links in those emails, or emailing us with your request at
privacy@activecampaign.com
, or by simply cancelling your account through your account settings and then emailing
privacy@activecampaign.com
to request that your personal data be deleted.
If you withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, you may not have access to some (or any) of the Services, and we might not be able to provide you some (or any) of the Services. Please note that, in certain cases, we may continue to process your personal data after you have withdrawn consent and requested that we delete your personal data, if we have a legal basis to do so. For example, we may retain certain information if we need to do so to comply with an independent legal obligation in Costa Rica.
Ready to take ActiveCampaign for a spin?
Try it free for 14 days.
Free 14-day trial with email sign-up
Email address
Get started
Join over 180k customers. No credit card needed. Instant setup.
Connect with all your favorite tools
Salesforce
WooCommerce
Shopify
WordPress
Slack
Calendly
Zapier
Squarespace
Square
CallRail
DocuSign
Google Analytics
Typeform
Zendesk Sell
We - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads.
By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our
Cookie Policy (in English)
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Other
Additional first-party and/or third-party cookies.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label