Privacy Policy
Weather Trends International, Inc. (
"Company"
) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our Sites, located at weathertrends360.com, wt360business.com, wt360.com, wt360Ag.com, wt360farming.com, wt360smallbusiness.com (
"Sites"
) and related services (
"Services"
). As of the date the Site is launched, the Site may not have all of the features referenced in this Privacy Policy. However, the Company plans on adding the full set of features referenced in this Privacy Policy to the Site in the near future. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given in our
Terms of Use
.
USER CONSENT.
By submitting Personal Data through our Site or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN.
We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 13.
A NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
TYPES OF DATA WE COLLECT.
"Personal Data"
means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, e-mail address, credit card information for account set up and billing, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data.
"Anonymous Data"
means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below.
Personal Data You Provide to Us.
We collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail, credit card for transactions, birth date and zip code when you create an account to log in to our network (
"Account"
).
We also retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your Account.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply, and any information that you submit to us.
When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
When you post messages on the message boards of our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
We may also collect Personal Data, such as at other points in our Site that state that Personal Data is being collected.
Personal Data Collected via Technology.
To make our Site and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect Personal Data from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. We also use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. Like most Internet services, we automatically gather this Personal Data and store it in log files each time you visit our Site or access your Account on our network.
"Cookies"
are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. As an example the site will automatically enter in the forecast based on the IP address of the PC you're using which instantly shows the forecast without you having to enter a location. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our Site may not work properly.
Personal Data That We Collect from You About Others.
If you decide to invite a third party to create an Account, we will collect your and the third party's names and e-mail addresses in order to send an e-mail and follow up with the third party. You or the third party
        may
contact us
to request the removal of this information from our database.
USE OF YOUR DATA
General Use.
In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better with relevant forecast content and future promotional offerings. Company uses your Personal Data in the following ways: to facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; identify you as a user in our system; provide improved administration of our Site and Services; improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site and Services; send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created; send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories; respond to your inquiries or other requests; to send promotional communications; to provide you with hardcopy or electronic newsletters, or surveys; to send upgrades and special offers related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of Company or our Third Party Companies, should you opt-in to receive such communications by following the instructions we provide; to send e-mails to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback.
Creation of Anonymous Data.
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. Company reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to Third Party Companies in its discretion.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Affiliates.
Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively,
"Affiliates"
), we may in the future. We will not share your Personal Data with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Company may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the Services.
THIRD PARTIES
Third Party Websites.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our Site and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.
Except as otherwise stated in this policy, we do not generally sell, trade, share, or rent the Personal Data collected from our Services to other entities. However, we may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; or to provide technical support. These third party service providers are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Company. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and other service providers for the sole purpose of providing services to you.
Third Party Companies.
We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from other sources like telephone or fax, or from companies that provide our Services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our Site (
"Third Party Companies"
). Our Third Party Companies may supply us with Personal Data, such as your address e.g., calendars and address book information, in order to help us establish the account.. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Site in order to improve the Services we provide. Another e.g. might be an airline/travel partner of weathertrends360 allowing weathertrends360 forecast information to be displayed on your itinerary.
Disclosure to Third Party Companies.
We may enter into agreements with Third Party Companies. A Third Party Company may want access to Personal Data that we collect from its customers. As a result, we may disclose your Personal Data to a Third Party Company; however, we will not disclose your Personal Data to Third Party Companies for the Third Party Companies' own direct marketing purposes, unless you have
"opted-in"
by following the instructions we provide to allow such disclosure. If you have opted-in to receive e-mail communications from a Third Party Company and later wish to discontinue receipt of these e-mails, please contact the Third Party Company directly to update your preferences. The privacy policies of our Third Party Companies may apply to the use and disclosure of your Personal Data that we collect and disclose to such Third Party Companies. Because we do not control the privacy practices of our Third Party Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Choices.
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or the purchase of our Services and may contain advertisements for Third Party Companies. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to
"opt-out"
by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
Changes to Personal Data.
You may change any of your Personal Data in your Account by editing your profile within your Account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
Company is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your Account information. Please do not disclose your Account password to unauthorized people. Despite these measures, you should know that Company cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes may happen.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
Company welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at
support@weathertrends360.com
Weather Trends International, Inc.
Attn: Bill Kirk, CEO & Co-founder
One Bethlehem Plaza
1 West Broad Street Suite #802
Bethlehem, PA 18018 U.S.A.
610-807-0118
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision in accordance with the Terms of Use. Changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us. Continued use of our Site or Services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
This Privacy Policy was created in July 2010 and modified June 2014.