Questions or concerns about the accessibility of our website or need any assistance accessing any of the information you would expect to find on our site, please contact us at (905) 832-8131.
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Season Pass Terms
Ticket Terms
Pass Perks Terms
SMS Terms
Contractor Privacy
Standard PO Terms
Privacy Policy
Updated August 29, 2024
At Six Flags Entertainment Corporation (“
Six Flags
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) we take your privacy and the security of your information very seriously.
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) covers Six Flags owned and operated websites (“
Sites
”), our mobile applications (“
apps
”), and any services offered by Six Flags (collectively, the “
Services
.”)  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is part of, our Terms of Use available at
https://www.canadaswonderland.com/legal
which govern your access to the Site and your use of the Site and/or Services.  Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Terms of Use.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact us at
consumermarketing@sixflags.com
.
The Policy describes the types of information we gather from people visiting our Sites and from individual users (“you” or “users”) interacting with the Services, and how we use, transfer, and secure such information.  By accessing any of our Sites or using any of the Services, you agree to be bound by this Policy.  This Policy does not govern information we receive from third parties, such as third party booking services.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Site, or any of our Services.  Each time you use any Sites, or Services, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, when you use any Site or Services, you should check the date of this Policy (which appears at the top) and review any changes since you last reviewed the Policy.
For California Residents
For a copy of our privacy notice to residents of California, in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), please go to
canadaswonderland.com/ccpa
.
For Connecticut Residents
For a copy of our privacy notice to residents of Connecticut, in accordance with the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (collectively, “CTDPA”), please go to
canadaswonderland.com/ctdpa
.
For Nevada Residents
Nevada customers can opt out of the sale of their personal information.   We do not sell personal information today, and we do not have plans to sell personal information in the future.   However, Nevada customers have the legal right to opt out of the sale of their personal information, even if their information is not currently being sold.  You may opt out by emailing a request to
Compliance@sixflags.com
.  In your request, please specify that you wish to “Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information in Nevada.”   Please allow 60 days for a response.
For Oregon Residents
For a copy of our privacy notice to residents of Oregon, in accordance with the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (collectively, “OCPA”), please go to
canadaswonderland.com/ocpa
.
For Texas Residents
For a copy of our privacy notice to residents of Texas, in accordance with the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (collectively, “TDPSA”), please go to
canadaswonderland.com/tdpsa
.
For Virginia Residents
For a copy of our privacy notice to residents of Virginia, in accordance with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “VCDPA”), please go to
canadaswonderland.com/vcdpa
.
1     Types of Information We Collect
Six Flags may collect two types of information from users of our Sites and Services: “
Personal Information
” which is information that you voluntarily provide that can be used to identify you (such as name or e-mail address, etc.) and “
Aggregate Information
” which is information that cannot be used to identify you (such as frequency of visits to the Site, browser type, etc.)
1.1.
Personal Information Collected
1.1.1.     Six Flags collects Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us when you use our Sites and Services, including our mobile applications.  For example, you may provide us with your email address, first name and last name, or other Personal Information.
1.1.2.     We do not control your use of our Sites and Services to share Personal Information with others.  If you chose to share information publicly through our website, mobile application or services, please understand that we cannot control the actions of third parties who could collect this information.
1.1.3.
Collection of Personal Information by Third Parties:
1.1.4.     Some links on our Sites or certain portions of our mobile applications may redirect you to third party websites and services that Six Flags does not operate.  The privacy practices of these websites and services will be governed by their own policies.    We make no representation or warranty as to the privacy policies of any third parties, including the providers of third party applications.  If you are submitting information to any such third party through our Site or Services, you should review and understand that party’s applicable policies, including their privacy policy, before providing your information to the third party.
1.1.5.     For example, it is possible that your payment information, such as credit card or debit card information, and may be collected and stored by third party payment vendors, should you choose to provide such a payment method to a third party through your use of the Site or Services.
1.1.6     Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device or in our emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your name, postal address, or email address.  Our partners may link the personal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, mobile advertising IDs and demographic or inferred-interest information.
1.2.
Aggregate Information Collected
1.2.1.     Aggregate Information is information that does not identify you.  Aggregate Information may be collected when you visit our Site or interact with our Services independent of any information you voluntarily enter.  Six Flags may collect, use, store, and transfer Aggregate Information without restriction.
1.2.2.     For example, when you visit our Site, some information is automatically collected.  Such information could include your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that provides an address for your computer), operating system, the site from which you linked to us (“referring page”), the name of the website you chose to visit immediately after ours (called the “exit page”), information about other websites you have recently visited, browser (software used to browse the internet) type and language, device identifier numbers, your site activity, and the time and date of your visit.  Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
1.2.3.     Our mobile applications may automatically collect certain Aggregate Information related to your use of the mobile application.  Such aggregate information may include the date and time of your visit, the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID and the features of our mobile application you accessed.
1.2.4.     As an integral part of providing the Services, we may use GPS, or other technology to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location.  This allows us, for example, to assist you with finding parking, or provide you with an interactive map of the park.  You can opt out of allowing us to provide this information either by refusing access to the information or disabling your Location setting on your device, but if you choose to opt out, you will not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.
1.2.5.     You can stop all collection of information by any of our mobile applications by uninstalling the mobile application.  You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
1.2.6.
Use of “Cookies”:
1.2.7.     Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to help us identify you when you come to our website.  You have choices with respect to cookies.  By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies.  If you choose to reject all cookies you may be unable to use those aspects of our Sites which require registration in order to participate.  You can learn more about cookies and how they work at www.allaboutcookies.org.  You can always disable cookies through your browser settings. Doing so, however, may disable certain features on our websites.  To opt-out from third party cookies that are used for advertising purposes, you can do so on the NAI website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
1.2.8.
Analytics:
1.2.9.     Six Flags may use analytics, including Google Analytics to analyze traffic to this web site. Google Analytics does not create individual profiles for visitors and only collects aggregate data.  To disable Google Analytics, please download the browser add-on for the deactivation of Google Analytics provided by Google at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.  To learn more about privacy and Google Analytics, please consult the Google Analytics overview provided by Google at http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
1.2.10.     We may also use cookies, pixels, beacons, or other web tracking technologies to track the amount of time spent on our Sites or social media and whether or not certain content, such as a video was viewed. We may work with a trusted third party to collect and process this information for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
1.2.11.
Interest-Based Advertising:
1.2.12.     We may also participate in interest-based advertising using similar technology. This means that you may see advertising on our Sites tailored to how you browse or shop, or you may see advertising for Six Flags and its properties on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites. Some websites where we may advertise belong to ad networks that use your web browsing history to choose which ads to display on their network websites; these ads include advertising for Six Flags and its Sites, but no Personal Information about you is shared with those third party ad networks. Other websites where you see our ads, such as Facebook, may use interest preferences that you have chosen on those sites, as well as registration and other information about you, to choose which ads to display to you. Some internet browsers, websites such as Facebook and mobile devices offer opt-outs for interest-based advertising. Please refer to the website that you are visiting, your browser and/or your device settings for additional information
1.2.13.     You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third parties who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and DAA website (
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
).
2     Sharing of Personal Information with Third Parties
2.1.     Six Flags may transfer Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of providing the Services.  We may disclose Personal Information to our appropriate affiliates, including third party service providers, to provide you with the Services.  For example, we may transfer your Personal Information to third party service providers to (i) process your payment for merchandise and (ii) communicate with our hotels regarding your reservation. These third party service providers are not authorized to retain, share, store or use the Personal Information for any purposes other than to provide the services they have been hired to provide.  Six Flags does not sell, trade or otherwise share Personal Information with third parties for the marketing purposes of the third party.
2.2.     Six Flags may also elect to transfer your Personal Information to third parties under special circumstances to: (i) to comply with a legal requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Six Flags, (ii) to investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of Six Flags; (iv) when we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Six Flags or other persons, or (v) as otherwise required or permitted by law, including any contractual obligations of Six Flags.
3     Corrections/Information Removal/Opt-Out
3.1.     You can request that any Personal Information stored by Six Flags be deleted at any time by contacting us at
consumermarketing@sixflags.com
. We may require you to provide certain information to verify that it is you making the request.
3.2.     We provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. For example, if you do not wish to receive marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference in the website’s options area.  If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication.
Six Flag’s mobile applications can also provide you with push notifications of upcoming events, such as sales, promotions or notice of your upcoming reservation.  You can opt out of receiving push notifications at any time by using the settings on your mobile device.
4     Children and Privacy
4.1.     We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children in connection with the features of our Sites or Services without the consent of a parent or guardian. If we become aware that an individual under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information through our Sites or Services, we will immediately remove the individual’s personally identifiable information from our files.
4.2.     If you are using our Site or Services on behalf of a child under the age of 13, including purchasing a Season Pass for a child under the age of 13, you must either be that child’s parent or guardian, or have the permission of that child’s parent or guardian, to supply the required information.
5     Visitors That Reside Outside The United States and Canada
5.1.     Six Flags provides its Sites and Services for the purpose of creating an enjoyable experience for its customers within the United States and Canada.  The laws governing the collection and use of information within the United States and Canada may be different from the laws of your country.  If you decide to use our Site or Services, or share your Personal Information with Six Flags, you are agreeing to be governed by the laws of the United States and Canada as appropriate, and you are expressly consenting to the transfer of your data to the United States.
6     How Does Six Flags Protect My Information
6.1.     Six Flags takes the security of your Personal Information very seriously.  Six Flags uses reasonable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to secure the Personal Information you share with us. Despite these safeguards and our additional efforts to secure your information, Six Flags cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third-parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your Personal Information.
6.2.     The security of your use of a Six Flags mobile application relies on your protection of your mobile device.  You may not share your instance of the mobile application with anyone.  If you believe that an unauthorized access to your instance of the mobile application has occurred, please report it immediately at
digital@sixflags.com
.  You must promptly notify us if you become aware that any information provided by or submitted to the mobile application is lost, stolen, or used without permission.
6.3.     The security of the User Profile you create on any Six Flags website relies on your protection of your User Profile Information.  You are responsible for maintaining the security of your User Profile Information, including your password and for any and all activities that occur under your account. You may not share your password with anyone.  We will never ask you to send your password or other sensitive information to us in an email, though we may ask you to enter this type of information on a Six Flags website, or mobile application interface.
6.4.     Any email or other communication purporting to be from one of our websites requesting your password or asking you to provide sensitive account information via email, should be treated as unauthorized and suspicious and should be reported to us immediately by emailing
consumermarketing@sixflags.com
.  If you believe someone else has obtained access to your password, please change it immediately by logging in to your account and selecting “Change Password” to change your password and report it immediately by emailing
consumermarketing@sixflags.com
.
7     Will Six Flags Change This Privacy Policy?
7.1.     Each time you use a Six Flags website or mobile application, the current version of the Policy will apply. When you use any Six Flags website, you should check the date of this Policy (which appears at the top of the Policy) and review any changes since the last version. Our business changes frequently and this Policy is subject to change from time to time. Unless stated otherwise, our current Policy applies to all information that we have about you. We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your privacy without the consent of affected customers.
8     How Do I contact Six Flags?
8.1.     To contact us with your questions or comments regarding this Policy or the information collection and dissemination practices of this website, please email us at
consumermarketing@sixflags.com
.
9     Governing Law
9.1.     This Policy is governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, U.S.A. without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law.
10     Canadian Users/Visitors
Canadian citizens, except under circumstances defined by law, are entitled to access their own personal information collected by Six Flags by writing to:
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation
8701 Red Oak Blvd., Suite 550
Charlotte, NC 28217
United States of America
Attn: Marketing
We may ask you to pay an administrative fee for accessing or copying your personal information, but will inform you of the anticipated charges and confirm that you want us to proceed before processing your request.  If you believe that the personal information about you that we have collected is incomplete or inaccurate, we will correct the information upon verification of the omission or error and of the identity of the person requesting the change.  If you wish to request additional information about our information management, or would like us to access, correct or have us investigate any matters in relation to your personal information, please contact us.
11    Intellectual Property Notice
All trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary materials herein are the property of Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.canadaswonderland.com/legal/contractor-privacy:
California's Great America's Contractor Privacy
Questions or concerns about the accessibility of our website or need any assistance accessing any of the information you would expect to find on our site, please contact us at (905) 832-8131.
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Season Pass Terms
Ticket Terms
Pass Perks Terms
SMS Terms
Contractor Privacy
Standard PO Terms
Privacy Notice for California Contractors of Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and its affiliates
Effective July 1, 2024
About this Notice
. This privacy notice sets out how Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and its affiliates (“Six Flags”) collects and uses personal information about you in compliance with our obligations under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA) and implementing regulations (collectively called the “CCPA”).   This Privacy Notice only applies to residents of the State of California.
We take the privacy of our contractors very seriously. Please read this notice carefully as it contains important information on the personal information that we collect, why we collect it, how long we keep it, and whether it is sold to or shared with third parties. This notice will be updated regularly. The day the last update was performed is provided at the top of this document for your reference.
1.   Key Terms
. The following key terms are used in this notice:
We, us, our
. Six Flags Entertainment Corporation and its affiliates.
Personal information
. Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with a particular individual.
Sensitive personal information
. Personal information revealing an individual's social security number, driver's license and passport numbers, account numbers and credentials, precise geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, or union membership, personal information concerning a consumer's health, sex life, or sexual orientation, contents of a consumer's mail, email and text messages where the business is not the intended recipient, genetic data, and biometric information.
Biometric Information
. An individual’s physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including information pertaining to an individual’s deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), that is used or is intended to be used singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity. Biometric information includes, but is not limited to, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
Other terms used but not defined will have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
2.    Personal Information We Collect About You.
We collect, use, and have collected and used some or all of the following categories of personal information about you:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Identifiers: Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
Personal information as defined in Customer Records law: Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit or debit card number, other financial information,
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law (such as race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, familial status, disability, military or veteran status, and genetic information)
Internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with internet web sites and applications
Professional or employment-related information (such as work history, prior employer, references, qualifications, skills and experience, human resources data, emergency contact information, and data necessary for benefits and related administrative services)
Education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
Sensitive personal information solely for the purposes of payment administration
3.    How and Why We Use Your Personal Information.
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
Purposes for Collecting and Using Your Personal Information
Conducting business operations:
Budgeting
Administering payment
Reviewing qualifications for contractor engagements
Recordkeeping and reporting requirements
Managing infrastructure and company assets
Strategic planning
Maintaining security
Emergency response and business continuity
Conducting audits
Pursuing or defending legal or administrative claims
Monitoring:
Compliance with internal policies and procedures
Use of company resources
Any other monitoring activities permitted by applicable laws
Compliance with:
Legal and regulatory obligations
Court or other government directives
Internal policies and procedures
Investigating:
Reports of wrongdoing
Policy violations
Internal complaints
4.   Whether Personal Information Will Be Sold or Shared.
We do not sell or share the personal information of contractors for any purpose other than providing services such as payment related to contractor engagement.
Third parties we share this information with:
Our trusted third-party service providers and affiliates who provide a service to us or assist us with contractor engagement related functions.
Our auditors, consultants, accountants, attorneys, and others providing business advice to us.
Any other person or entity to whom we are obliged by application law or regulation to make the disclosure.
In connection with corporate transactions pursuant to non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements.
Any other party where we have obtained your consent or authorization.
5.   CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the right to submit certain requests relating to your Personal Information pursuant to the CCPA. To exercise any of these rights described below, please go to
https://www.canadaswonderland.com/privacy-request
, email us at
Compliance@sixflags.com
, or submit your request by phone by calling us toll-free at 1-833-389-0086.  We will evaluate the request and take action where required to do so.
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and will provide information about how we will process your request.  We endeavor to respond to your request as soon as we can, within the timeframes permitted under the CCPA.
If you make a privacy request, we may take steps to verify your identity before responding to your request. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. As permitted by law, we may take steps to verify your own identity in response to a request even if you choose to use an agent.  Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf by contacting us at Compliance@sixflags.com.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
. We do not sell or share your Personal Information, and thus this opt-out right does not apply under our circumstances.
Right to Know.
You may request more information about:
the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected;
our business purpose for collecting or disclosing your Personal Information;
the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you; and
the categories of Personal Information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients to which it was disclosed.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Information.
If you believe that any of the Personal Information, we maintain about you is inaccurate, you may submit a request for us to correct that information. Upon receipt of a verifiable request to correct inaccurate Personal Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the information as you direct.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Your Sensitive Personal Information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive Personal Information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure applies under the CCPA.
Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information collected by us. Following receipt of a verifiable request to delete, we will let you know what Personal Information we can delete from our records. We will also notify our service providers and request that they delete your Personal Information.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights.
If you choose to exercise any of the privacy rights described above, consistent with California law, we will not retaliate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
Please note that in most cases we are not able to respond to more than two “Right to Know” requests from a consumer in any 12-month period.
Retention Of Personal Information
Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we will only retain your Personal Information (which includes the categories of Personal Information set forth in the charts and sections above) for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, as required to satisfy any legal, obligations, or as necessary to resolve disputes. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes we process your Personal Information for, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. For certain types of Personal Information, we will only maintain it for a limited duration.
Contact Us
You may contact a member of the Six Flags Compliance Department for more information at:
Email:
Compliance@sixflags.com
Phone:  1-833-389-0086