Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Roulette Wiz! – Privacy Policy
Effective as of:
October 21, 2020
Roulette Wiz! wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy and therefore discloses its information and privacy practices..
This privacy policy governs your use of Roulette Wiz! app. Collectively referred to as “the Services”, Roulette Wiz! offers app that assists you in targeting sleepers (roulette bets that don't appear for a long number of spins).
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact raul.blankez@gmail.com.
Information Collected
Roulette Wiz! does not explicitly collect any information about the use of the app rather than the information collected by the AppStore.
We do not store “cookies” in your device. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s device or computer tied to information about that user.
Nowhere in the app can you enter personal data, email or any other information that allows you to be recognized.
The user can receive technical support by contacting the email address
raul.blankez@gmail.com
. Only in that situation, Roulette Wiz! would have the user's data (e-mail and all those personal data in the text of the message). Roulette Wiz! will destroy as soon as posible the technical support period has ended.
We do not share any kind of this information with third parties.
Legal Disclaimer
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when disclosure may be necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our apps or sites.
Users of Roulette Wiz!
Roulette Wiz! is not designed for children.
Third Party Services
Our services can be linked to external sites that are beyond our control. This privacy policy only covers Roulette Wiz! By accessing those third party sites, you accept their own privacy policies.
Additional Terms for Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
If you are a resident of the EEA, legislation permits you to request that we tell you what personal information we hold about you and how we process it and that we provide you with a copy of that information. You are also entitled to access, rectify, change, update, delete, revoke, or improve upon your personal information at any time. When the personal data processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent concerning such data processing, at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal. You can exercise these rights free of charge. We may ask you to provide further information to confirm your identity before considering your request. To make such a request, please send an email to
raul.blankez@gmail.com
The personal information we hold is used solely for the purposes of operating the Services and communicating with you. You are also entitled to object to any processing of your personal information on reasonable grounds. We make no automated decisions about you that create legal effects or otherwise significantly affect you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Roulette Wiz! reserves the right to revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that significant changes are made, Roulette Wiz! commits to advising all users at the time that any significant change is made. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page or app.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Last update October 21, 2020.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By clicking "accept", you agree to its use of cookies.
Cookie Policy
Reject
Accept