Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
Job Applicants
Messaging Terms and Conditions
This document describes:
How Billdu treats, stores, process and saves your
        data including your personal data in the Service according to a Data
        Protection Laws, specifically the General Data Protection Regulation
        (“GDPR”).
Data & Privacy Policy
This Data & Privacy Policy (hereinafter as “Privacy Policy”) are subject
        to Terms of Use. Unless specified otherwise in this Privacy Policy the terms
        used in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as in the TOU.
Our Data & Privacy Policy describe in detail how all information about
        you is gathered and processed. As a User of our Service or a visitor to
        Billdu website, the security of your personal data is our primary focus. To
        continue using our Service as a User you will need to accept our TOU, agree
        to our Data Protection Agreement and agree with our Privacy Policy which
        provide all details on how your data is gathered, processed, and protected.
“Billdu” or ‘we’ is the provider and operator of the Service,
        registered as Billdu Ltd, Solar House, 915 High Road, North Finchley,
        London N12 8QJ, Company ID: 98 122 33 and recorded in The Registrar of Companies for England and Wales.
‘User’ or ‘you’ means any person which signs up to Billdu and completes the
        registration process.
‘Data Protection Law/s’ means applicable and binding laws to which Billdu
        and User is a subject to in the field of personal data protection and
        privacy especially GDPR.
‘GDPR’ means the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of
        the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with
        regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such
        data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
‘Personal Data’ has the meaning given to that term in Data Protection Laws.
        It’s any information relating to a data subject by which it can be
        identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
        identifier such as a name, identification number, location data, online
        identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical,
        physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of
        that natural person or legal entity (where applicable).
‘Processing’ has the meanings given to that term in Data Protection Laws
        (and related terms such as ‘process’ have corresponding meanings).
This policy informs you which of your data and personal data is collected
        and processed when you visit our website, use our web application or any
        other services offered, how we use your data and personal data and what
        rights you have regarding the use of your personal data. This privacy also
        applies for the access and use of the mobile apps as well as the other
        available services.
Introduction
Billdu collects and processes some data which are necessary for a proper use
        of the Service. Some of these data might be personal data which could
        identify you as a live person and which are subject to Data Protection
        Legislation and GDPR.
What data we collect about you
We collect and process data:
in your account that you provide to us when you sign up for the
            account and when you update these information from time to time such
            as your name, surname, email address, telephone number, e-mail
            address and others;
in your profile and billing account that you provided to us about
            your profile and your business and company information, such as your
            address, business ID number, phone number and others;
from your communications within the Service with us or with other
            users such as your messages, comments and other form of
            communication within the Service;
from your entries to fields and forms within the Service such as
            search queries, forum posts, promotions, surveys and other features
            of the Service.
When you use the Service and its features we collect data about how you use
        the Service such as:
data about your interactions with the Service and its features such
            as your viewed pages, content, search queries, unique numbers of
            applications and other interactions with the Service;
location data from the device that you use to access the Service and
            we use various tools to determine your general location information
            and also precise location information. Location information is
            required to fullfill local Tax Authorities laws and Regulations and
            process Invoicing data correctly.
protocols and log data about the method you use the Service such as
            data from the device that you use to access the Service, your IP
            address, device events (error reports, failures, system activities,
            hardware settings), applications that you use to access the Service
            (i.e. browser), browser language, Web storage site of a browser
            (including HTML 5 technology) and buffering memory applications,
            access time and referring URL address, hardware and software
            information and other similar information;
data regarding all transactions made through the Service made
            through third party payment systems;
data gathered from cookies and similar technologies (for more
            information see our Cookies policy below).
We also collect data about you from third parties and we may combine these
        data with data we have about you such as
data from third parties services
data provided by users that you authorized to use the Service on
            your behalf;
data from other sources that we may collect to the extent permitted
            by applicable law.
What data we collect about you
As long as it is not necessary for the creation and maintenance of a
        contractual relationship between you and Billdu, we don’t collect, gather
        and process any personal data which could identify you as a person.
In order to ensure audit-proof processing of the data, the creation,
        modification or deletion of data may be logged or it may be prevented
        (especially according to the French anti-fraud law).
How do we process your data
Billdu may, throughout your use of the Service, collect and process some of
        your data. Billdu will obtain and process these data through technical means
        and processes in such a way that it will not be able under any circumstances
        assign them to your User account or to you. Such data are thus fully
        anonymous.
We generally use, process and store data including personal data that you
        provided to us and that we collect to:
identify you as a contractual party or representative of a
            contractual party to us;
enable you to access and use the Service in general or through your
            User account;
enable you to communicate with us and enable our communication with
            you such as sending you notifications, messages, reminders and any
            other form of communication within the Service and otherwise (i.e.
            email messages);
operate, protect, improve and optimize the Service, its features,
            its user experience, make it more personal, to provide customer
            support and to develop new services;
maintain a trusted and safe environment on the Service and to
            prevent any actual or potential fraud, misconduct or other harmful
            activity, investigation and risk assessment, enforcing all of our
            Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and other similar actions which we
            may do without notifying you;
send you marketing, advertising and promotional messages and
            information that might be interesting to you about us and our
            services. You may unsubscribe from these messages anytime;
to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes,
            contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or
            managed by Billdu or our third party business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we
            may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with
            third parties.
We may also process, review, scan and/or analyse your communications with us
        for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation,
        product development, research and customer support purposes and other
        similar purposes. You consent and agree that we may process, review, scan
        and/or analyse your communications with us for these purposes.
Maintaining of your personal data
Some data you provide to us in your User account may be personal data.
        Personal data are provided by you freely and you are responsible to maintain
        them accurate, true and complete. You may review, update, or delete the
        personal data in your User account by logging into your User account and
        reviewing your account settings and profile.
If you provide personal data of other persons to us (for example your
        authorized personal data of users or your client data) you warrant and
        guarantee that you are entitled to do so and that you have legal basis for
        such action.
Sharing and Transferring of your personal data
Billdu only shares personal data with others when it is legally permitted to do so. When Billdu shares your personal data with others, it puts contractual arrangements and security mechanisms in place to protect the personal data shared and to comply with data protection, confidentiality and security standards and other obligations.
When processing your personal data, Billdu may need to share it with third parties, as set out in the below. This list is non-exhaustive and there may be circumstances where we need to share personal data with other third parties:
Third-party IT suppliers
Billdu may share your personal data with third parties who support Billdu in providing our Service and help provide, run, and manage our internal IT systems. Such third parties may also include, for example, providers of information technology, cloud-based software-as-a-service providers, identity management, website design, hosting and management, data analysis, data back-up, security, and storage services.
Payment providers and banks
Billdu may need to share certain personal data with the payment service provider and the relevant financial institution to handle payments from you and to you. Billdu may furthermore share data with relevant financial institutions, if it considers it strictly necessary for fraud detection and prevention purposes.
Auditors, lawyers, accountants and other professional advisers
Billdu may share personal data with professional services firms who advise and assist Billdu in relation to the lawful and effective management of Billdu’s  organisation and in relation to any disputes Billdu may become involved in.
Advertising partners
Billdu shares personal data with third party advertising partners when you use our Service. This data is used to provide you with, and measure the effectiveness of, online advertising and for other advertising related activities.
Third-party post/email marketing and CRM specialists
Billdu may share personal data with specialist suppliers who assist us in managing our marketing database and sending out email marketing communications.
Law enforcement or other government and regulatory agencies and bodies
Billdu discloses personal data to law enforcement insofar as it is required by law or is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts and fraud. Billdu may need to further disclose data to competent authorities to protect and defend our rights or properties, or the rights and properties of its business partners.
Other third parties
Billdu may use service providers to process data including your personal data on its behalf. Third party service providers process personal data only according to Billdu’s instructions, under biding legal agreement, are bound by confidentiality clauses and are not allowed to use your personal data for other purposes.
Billdu stores and processes your personal data in the European Economic Area
        (“EEA”) using these companies:
Amazon AWS, Germany - hosting, emailing.
JUMP soft, Slovakia – IT support (nature of relationship is changed from " Analytics and HR" previously).
GetFinDone, Slovakia – Accounting.
Processing and storing personal data outside EEA is made in compliance with
        applicable Data Protection Laws in these companies:
MailChimp, USA – E-mails, Newsletters and Info mails.
Intercom, USA – live chat and support systems
Braintree, USA – Payment processes
Iterable, USA – Cross-channel marketing
Twilio, US – Marketing.
We also share persona data with The team.blue Group, consisting of several brands and subsidiaries, which can improve coordination and resource allocation by sharing data internally. This allows for more efficient collaboration on product, campaign, and customer service improvements. Personal data may be shared among team.blue Group companies for marketing statistics, internal administration, and reporting purposes, but only in an amount necessary for the intended use and with proper protective measures in place to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure.
Unless required by relevant Data Protection Laws Billdu has no influence on and assumes no liability for the compliance with Data Protection Laws standards outside of our Service.
Period of processing of your personal data
Billdu stores and processes your personal data for the period necessary in
        relation to the purpose of processing as described in this Privacy Policy
        and local Legislation Authorities. We will process your personal data for as
        long as you have an active User account and automaticaly delete them 10
        years after your last sign-in. We may then anonymize your information for
        statistical purposes.
We will terminate your personal data associated with your User account after
        10 years of inactivity or when your Agreement with us has been terminated
        and when you request a permanent deletion of your User account.
Deleted data will be removed from Billdu servers its back-ups and all third
        party companies listed in paragraph „
Transferring of your personal
            data
“ of Privacy Policy.
Even if you ask us to destroy your personal data Billdu may be required to
        process some of your personal data to comply with legal obligations, i.e. to
        maintain accounting records and other obligations. We will process personal
        data for this purpose for a period required by applicable laws.
Where we process your personal data based on your consent you may at any
        time withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. We will
        process personal data for this purpose until you withdraw your consent.
Where you are entitled to object to our processing of your personal data
        (i.e. direct marketing) we will process personal data for this purpose until
        you object to such processing (by unsubscribing from our emails).
Data storage and security
Billdu’s servers are operated by Amazon Ireland with their AWS service which
        ensures fast and robust data protection on par with current data protection
        legislative requirements. All the data you provide to the Billdu website is
        encrypted according to the security standard TLS (Transport Layer Security).
        You can recognize the secure TLS connection from the “s” after the “http” in
        the URL shown in your browser (i.e. https://..), or from the lock symbol
        depicted in the browser tab. All of your data, including their transmission
        between your device and the Billdu servers, will be protected by standard
        security measures with the use of 256-bit SSL encryption.
We also take technical and organizational suitable security measures, in
        order to protect your data against random or deliberate manipulations,
        partial or complete losses, destruction and/or against unauthorized access.
        In order to avoid loss of data, we run a mirrored database setup which means
        that your data is always stored in two separate locations.
The personal data that we collect is stored in a secure environment within
        the EEA in compliance with Privacy Shield rules and treated confidentially.
        Access to this data is limited to selected Billdu employees and partially to
        our subcontractors. We adhere to Data Protection Laws at all times.
We do our utmost to secure your data in the best possible way but we cannot
        guarantee the safety of your data when transferred over the Internet. When
        data is transferred over the Internet, there is a certain risk that others
        can access the data illicitly.
Cookies Policy and Analytic tools
Internet cookies are small text files that are placed on a user's computer
        or device when they visit a website. These files contain information about
        the user's activity on the website, such as the pages they have visited and
        the actions they have taken. Cookies are used by websites for a variety of
        purposes, such as:
Remembering user preferences, such as language or currency settings
Tracking user behavior for analytics purposes
Enabling personalized advertising
Storing login credentials for future visits
You can find more information on how we store and use Cookies in our
Cookies Policy
.
Calendar and appointments
Service may allow its users to connect their calendar, including third party
        calendars and time organizers (i.e. Google calendar, Apple calendar, etc.)
        to the Service.
Billdu use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
By connecting a calendar to the Service, you shall be able to send
        invitations to other Users and clients and inform them about the time
        schedule.
The respective user is responsible for accurate information in the Calendar.
The right for information, correction, blocking and deletion
Subject to the material and territorial scope of the GDPR and Data
        Protection Laws in EEA you may have these rights granted you by the relevant
        Data Protection Laws.
You always have the right to access and review the personal data we process
        about you. You can request an overview of your personal data processed by us
        by emailing us. You can also request copies of your personal data held by us
        in writing or (if applicable) in in a structured, commonly used and
        machine-readable format (data portability right) in accordance with the
        relevant Data Protection Laws. We will provide you or your designated
        controller with a copy of the personal data held by us as soon as
        practicable, and in any event not more than 30 days after receiving a valid
        request in writing.
You may also request the rectification, erasure and restriction of
        processing of your personal data and object to processing of your personal
        data in accordance with the relevant data protection legislation. We will
        notify you within 30 days of your valid request about the relevant action
        taken.
You are entitled to access, see and challenge personal data third parties
        provide to us in accordance with the relevant Data Protection Laws.
Where we process your personal data based on your consent you may at any
        time withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data.
        Withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing
        based on consent before its withdrawal.
You are entitled to object to processing of your personal data for the
        purpose of direct marketing. You can exercise this right by unsubscribing
        from our newsletter and informational emails within the body of the email.
You are entitled to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in
        accordance with the relevant Data Protection Laws.
There may be a reasonable charge to process your requests under this section
        unless expressly stated otherwise in relevant Data Protection Laws.
We will notify you by e-mail whenever there are any changes made to thhe
        Privacy Policy or General Terms and Agreements.
We may request proof of identification to verify your requests under this
        section.
For information about your personal data, to exercise your right as well as
        for further questions about the use of your personal data please send an
        email to gdpr@billdu.com
Many of your rights described above can be exercised manually in your User
        account settings.
This Privacy Policy is effective from April 20-th 2023
×
We use cookies to improve our services and make your experience better.
By clicking "Accept All" you consent to the use of cookies for advertising and analytics purposes.
You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept