App Privacy Policy
The geotrainer app collects data about your learning progress locally on the iPhone/iPad device. The data is not submitted to the internet and not shared with any 3rd parties.
The app doesn't collect or send any personal information.
The app uses the privacy-aware
TelemetryDeck
service to collect anonymized usage data to improve the geotrainer app, see the
TelemetryDeck Privacy Policy
.
The app uses
Instabug
if you send feedback / bug reports / feature suggestions from the app. If you enter personal data via the Contact section in the app this will be only used to handle your inquiry and the
Instabug Privacy Policy
applies.
The app uses the
Revenuecat
service if you purchase something in the app to keep track of your purchases. For this data, the
Revenuecat Privacy Policy
applies.
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at Ralf Ebert, Marta-Fraenkel-Straße 1, 01097 Dresden, Germany,
contact@geotrainer.app
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://telemetrydeck.com/pages/privacy-policy.html:
This document has last been updated March 4, 2024
TelemetryDeck was designed from the ground up with privacy in mind. An important principle of TelemetryDeck is to only save the least amount of data it absolutely needs, and to not save any data that can be used to identify specific users' identities.
That is why the
TelemetryDeck Client code
is completely open source, so that users and developers can see for themselves the data that TelemetryDeck saves.
TelemetryDeck has never installed any law enforcement software or equipment anywhere on our network.
Data Transmitted
Any data that is transmitted to the analytics server consists of the following:
An anonymized user identifier. The identifier is constant for each app install but cannot be traced back to any personally identifiable information.
An action taken, such as “App Launched” or “Settings Opened”. The developer defines these actions.
A time stamp when the action was taken.
Device metadata, namely platform, system version, app version, build number, if the build was downloaded via App Store or TestFlight, and the device model type (i.e., iPhone X, iPad Air, or iPhone 12).
Additional metadata as defined by the developer, such as “Number of Items in the Database” or “Setting X is enabled”. Developers should note this metadata in their own privacy policy.
For Web SDK API requests, we look at the first 3 triplets of incoming IP addresses in order to determine a possible country the request came from.
IP addresses are never stored on the TelemetryDeck Server, neither in the database nor in any log files, nor at any other place.
Terms Used
A
developer
is a person who creates or maintains an app which includes the TelemetryDeck Client code. They are responsible for making sure they only hand anonymized data to the TelemetryDeck Client.
The
TelemetryDeck Client
is the code that transmits data to the TelemetryDeck Server. It can be viewed on
GitHub
in its entirety.
A
user
is a person who uses any app created by a
developer
. It is our job to make sure their data stays safe.
A
signal
is one instance of data sent from the app to the TelemetryDeck Server using the TelemetryDeck Client.
TelemetryDeck Viewer
is the app that developers use to see signal data, both raw and in aggregated form, as
Insights
.
User Identifiers
Developers have three choices on how to identify users. They should note which they are using in their app's privacy policy:
Using no user identifier at all. This will give them the greatest piece of mind, while still allowing TelemetryDeck to help them out with statistical analysis.
Using Apple's “IdentifierForVendor” API. This is the default behaviour for TelemetryDeck. The identifier generated out with this method has no relation to any of the user's identifiable information or private data. Deleting and reinstalling the app will generate a new identifier and sever any connection to the old one.
Using a custom string identifier, such as the user's username or email address. This string will never be transferred directly to the server. Instead, the TelemetryDeck Client will create a hash out of that string and only ever transmit that hash. This allows TelemetryDeck to detect the same user on multiple devices, but it is impossible for both the developer and any person having access to TelemetryDeck's database to retrieve the original custom string identifier.
Metadata
Developers can include any metadata they wish with signals they send using TelemetryDeck Client. They are urged to not send any data that might identify their users. They must include the types of data they send in their own apps' privacy policies.
Using TelemetryDeck Viewer
Developers using the TelemetryDeck Viewer app are sending signals to the TelemetryDeck Server as well. These do not contain any user data. The types of data are:
App was launched
Which part of the app was navigated to?
Standard metadata: platform, system version, app version, build number, if the build was downloaded via App Store or TestFlight, and the device model type (i.e. iPhone X, iPad Air, or iPhone 12).
Our Customers and Prospects
We use the integrated software solution Hubspot for managing the address and contact data (contact management) of our customers and prospects. The service provider is HubSpot Inc., a software company from the USA (Hubspot, Inc. 25 First Street Cambridge, MA 02141 USA).
We use Hubspot to document appointments and agreements, as well as to evaluate our activities in the sales area. Personal data such as name, email address, phone numbers, business addresses, and the content of business communication may be processed.
The legal basis for processing in the context of contacting for the conclusion or performance of a contract is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR or Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the use for the purpose of the CRM system as contact management.
Data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and there are no legal retention obligations, e.g. for data that must be kept for commercial or tax reasons. In accordance with legal requirements in Germany, storage may be necessary for up to 10 years due to commercial and tax regulations. We delete prospect data within a reasonable period of time, within which no more contract conclusion or the like is to be expected.
The data of TelemetryDeck GmbH is stored in European data centers by Hubspot. However, personal data may be transferred to the USA and other third countries where HubSpot subsidiaries are located. HubSpot meets the minimum requirements for legally compliant order data processing by concluding the EU standard data protection clauses. We have concluded a contract for order processing (Data Processing Agreement, DPA) with HubSpot.
Further information on data processing by Hubspot can be found at:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
Newsletter
You have the option to subscribe to the newsletter offered on our website. If you would like to receive the newsletter, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address and agree to receive the newsletter. For this purpose, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure: After your registration, you will receive an e-mail to the specified e-mail address, in which we ask for confirmation of the registration.
The following information is then saved with the confirmation:
E-mail address
Date of subscription
Activity (delivered, opened, clicked)
For customers who subscribe to our newsletter when opening an account, the following information is also stored:
First name
Last name
Country
Organization
Further data is not collected or only on a voluntary basis. We use this data exclusively for sending the requested information and for proving your registration.
Your consent is the exclusive basis for processing the data provided in the newsletter registration form (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and their use for sending the newsletter at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter, for example via the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations carried out up to that point remains unaffected by the revocation.
Please note that unsubscribing from our newsletter list does not result in the deletion of your data. If you wish to delete your personal data from Mailjet, please inform us informally by e-mail.
Mailjet
Newsletters and customer information are sent via the service provider Mailjet. The provider is Sinch AB Lindhagensgatan 74 Stockholm, 112 18 Sweden. The data is stored in secure data centers located exclusively in the European Union, with Google Cloud Platform in Frankfurt (Germany) and St. Ghislain (Belgium).
Mailjet is a service that, among other things, organizes and analyzes the sending of newsletters and customer information. Mailjet processes the following information on our behalf regarding the status of the subscription (subscribed, unsubscribed) as well as the status of the newsletters (delivered, opened, clicked and the exact button or link).
For more information about Mailjet, please visit
Mailjet's privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 1
https://instabug.com/privacy:
Join CTO Moataz Soliman as he explores the potential impact poor performance can have on your bottom line. 👉
Register Today
UPDATES
Discover how Instabug's AI-powered mobile observability is transforming app development with zero-maintenance apps
Product
What is Mobile Observability?
The complete mobile observability platform for app growth and performance
AI-Powered Mobile Observability
Delivering smarter insights to optimize mobile app performance and user experience
Instabug's Mobile Observability Platform
Test Your App Before Every Release
Release seamless apps with proactive bug and crash detection
Improve Your App Stability and Performance
Optimize stability and performance for exceptional app experiences
Collect Actionable User Feedback
Harness user insights to continuously enhance app quality
Integrations
Jira
Github
Datadog
Slack
Zapier
Okta
Browse all integrations
Pricing
Customers
Developers
Docs
Help Center
platforms
iOS
Android
Flutter
React Native
Browse all platforms
Blog and Resources
Blog
Reviews
Newsroom
Featured
Benchmark Report
Mobile App Stability Outlook 2025
Get a holistic view of the current state of mobile app stability
Read More
Request a Demo
Login
Get Started
Product
What is Mobile Observability?
AI-Powered Mobile Observability
Test Your App Before Every Release
Improve Your App Stability and Performance
Collect Actionable User Feedback
Integrations
Pricing
Customers
Developers
Docs
Help Center
Platforms
iOS
Android
Flutter
Browse all Platforms
Resources
Blog
Reviews
FAQs
Tools
Sentiment Analysis
ROI Calculator
Benchmark Report 2024
Privacy Policy
Updated: June 6th, 2023
Instabug, Inc. ("Instabug", “we”, “us”, and/or “our”) knows that you care about how your personal data is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our treatment of your personal data.
Introduction
By using the www.instabug.com website (“
Site
”) and any related services and/or features (together with the Site, the "
Service
") you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your data, please contact us at privacy@instabug.com
Scope
This Privacy Policy covers Instabug's treatment of personal data ("Personal Data") that Instabug gathers when you access or otherwise use the Service. It explains what data we collect, why we collect the data, how it is used and your rights and choices. While providing our Service, we may collect information about our customers’ end-users at the direction of and on behalf of our customers. Our use of this information is governed by our agreement with the applicable customer and the customer’s privacy policies. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy policies or privacy practices of our customers or any other third parties. We encourage you to review any such policies or practices that apply to you carefully.
1- What Personal Data does Instabug collect?
Information That You Provide To Us.
Instabug collects the information you voluntarily submit to the Service as follows:
Account Creation
- We may collect information when you create your account, including your name, email address, mailing address and phone number,
Payment Information
- We may collect information and details associated with your purchases, including payment-related information collected by our third-party payment processors on our behalf. We do not directly collect or store any payment card information, but may receive billing address or other non-sensitive information associated with your payment card from our third-party processors.
Your Communications With Us
- We collect Personal Data that is entered on our Site or is sent to us electronically when you request customer or technical support, request a product demo, register for a webinar or other event, complete any “free text” boxes in our forms (for example, support request or survey submission), apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us.
User-Generated Content
- We may collect Personal Data voluntarily disclosed by you on our forums, blogs and our other areas of the Service to which you can post information and materials.
Information Received From Third-Party Services.
If you connect to the Service using credentials from a third-party service or sign-in services such as OAuth (for example, login with a GitHub or Google account), these services will authenticate a user’s identity and provide the user with the option to share certain Personal Data, such as name and email address(es), with us.
Automatically Collected Data.
Whenever you interact with the Service, we automatically receive and store certain types of information including information that your browser automatically sends. Such information may include your IP address (which is briefly collected to identify the country you are connecting from at the time you visit the Site, after which the IP address is deleted), domain server, and type of Internet browser.
In addition, we may collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes high level information about your activity (such as diagnostic, crash, and performance logs and reports).
We may also collect general device information when you access or use the Service. This may include your operating system, device connectivity, and other general diagnostic data. We do not collect device IDs or other specific device identification data.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Like many online services, we may use tracking technologies, such as cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons and pixels) in order to automatically collect and store this information. Specifically, we may use the following technologies:
Cookies
, which are text files that websites store on a visitor’s device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating analytics and online advertising.
Local storage technologies
, like HTML5 and Flash, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email address was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
How does Instabug use cookies?
Instabug uses different categories of cookies to provide, protect, improve, and promote our website and services. Instabug only retains personal data for as long as is needed for the purposes for which it was collected. Information on these categories and their purposes are described below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are essential in order to operate the website and services.
Strictly necessary
Cookies that are used to operate the website and services, such as to log you in and keep your account secure.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include authentication data, unique ID, browser information, and language settings.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from 30 days to 4 years.
‍
Non-essential cookies
These are all other cookies that are not considered strictly necessary but are used for a number of purposes when you interact with our website and services. These purposes include:
Analytics
Cookies that help us and our partners understand how our websites are engaged with, such as usage statistics or to reconstruct viewed UI elements, in order to improve and customize our services.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include website usage data, number of visits, browser and/or device information, and unique ID.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 2 years.
Third party providers used include Google GA4, Salesforce, Clearbit, ZoomInfo, Webflow, and Segment
General marketing and advertising
Cookies that are used by Instabug and our partners to better understand the types of individuals who are interested in our products and services and how we can promote those services based on that information.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include cross website tracking data, browser information, version data, and advertisement conversion data.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 2 years.
Third party providers used include Adobe, Marketo, Marketo Engage, and Google Ads.
Performance and functionality
Cookies which help us remember your preferences and settings in order to improve your experience when interacting with our sites and services.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include website usage data, previous help center or chat history, email address, and unique ID.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 3 years.
Third party providers used include Heap Analytics and Calendly
Social media advertising
Cookies that are used by Instabug and our partners to understand the effectiveness of our advertisements on social media services. These cookies also help them understand your advertising preferences so they can more effectively show you our advertisements which are relevant to your interests.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include social media account details, browser and/or device data, advertisement conversion data, website usage and/or activity data, and unique ID.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 2 years.
Third party providers used include Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.
‍
How can I control the data collected through cookies?
Browser settings:
You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use our services. Due to a lack of an agreed upon standard for interpreting Do Not Track (DNT) signals, our systems currently don’t respond to DNT:1 signals from browsers visiting our websites.
Cookie preferences:
When you use Instabug’s services, you can select which cookies you consent for Instabug to use in by clicking Cookies & CCPA Preferences in the footer of this page.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA):
You can opt out of the selling or sharing of personal information by Instabug or update your preferences, as described in the California Consumer Privacy Act, by clicking Cookies & CCPA Preferences in the footer of this page. As described below, Instabug does not sell personal information.
2. How does Instabug use the information it collects?
We may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
To Provide the Service
: We may use your information to:
Provide, operate and improve the Service and our business;
Enable security features of the Service, including to combat spam, malware, and other security risks;
Communicate with you about the Service, including by responding to your requests and support inquiries, and sending announcements, updates, and security alerts; and
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service.
Research and development
: This includes to:
Track and analyze your interactions with the Service to better understand how to improve performance and customer experience;
Improve and develop new products and services; and
Ensure quality control.
Compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
To protect you and the Service, we may use your information to:
Comply with applicable laws, regulatory requirements, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our
Terms of Service
; and
Protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security, or technical issues, or to protect the Company’s rights or property.
Marketing
. We may use your contact details to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you, upcoming events or other promotions. If we do so, each marketing communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future marketing communications. Note however that as a user of our services you cannot opt-out of some administrative communications that are reasonably necessary to the Service, such as billing or service notifications. Moreover, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
Where required by applicable law (for example, if you are an individual in the EU), we will only send you marketing information by email if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us with your Personal Data. When you provide us with your consent to be contacted for marketing purposes, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions to “opt-out” of receiving marketing communication in each marketing email we send you or by contacting us as indicated below.
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data.
We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and promote our business.
3. Will Instabug share any of the personal data it receives?
Instabug only shares Personal Data with other companies or individuals outside of Instabug in the following circumstances:
-
Feedback
: You've shared your information as a result of giving feedback within an application using the Service. We only share this information with the developer of the application, in order to assist you and the developer in communicating.
-
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers:
Instabug, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions: website analytics companies, providers of digital advertising services, our hosting and cloud computing service providers, providers of CRM, marketing and sales software solutions, providers of billing and processing payments functions. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific functions. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties may access, process or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us and solely in order to perform the services we have hired them to provide. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
-
Protection of Instabug and Others
: We may release Personal Data when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Instabug, our employees, our users, or others.
-
Business Transfers
: If Instabug or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Instabug goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, Personal Data about our customers would be one of the assets that are transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of Instabug may continue to use your Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
-
With Your Consent
: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Data may be shared with third parties and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information according to the applicable law.
4. European Union (EU) Users
EU Users
The following applies if you are a user in the EU (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway).
Data Controller
. Instabug, Inc. is the data controller for processing Personal Data provided to us through the Service. To find our registered office, please see the “Contact Us” section below.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights concerning your Personal Data:
Right of access
: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification
: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it. If we share your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure
: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data, such as where you withdraw your consent. If we share your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing
: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it (please read below for information on your right to object). We will tell you before we lift any restrictions on processing. If we share your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability
: You have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object
: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data – unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent
: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent will not affect any processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority
: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns. You can find
here
the contact details of EU data protection authorities.
Legitimate Interest
. “Legitimate interests” means our interests in conducting our business, managing and delivering the best Service to you. This Privacy Policy describes when we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, what these interests are and your rights. We will not use your Personal Data for activities where the impact on you overrides our interests unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law.
We may process or share your personal information based on the following legal basis:
Consent
: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests
: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract
: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations
: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests
: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Our legal bases for processing the personal information described in this Privacy Policy are described in the table below:
To provide the Service
To enforce our Terms of Service
To provide Service communications
To provide customer service
To ensure quality control
Performance of a contract
For research and development
To enhance your experience
To engage in direct marketing activities
To facilitate business transactions
Legitimate interests
To comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements
To detect and prevent illegal activities, fraud, and other prohibited activities
To ensure network and information security
Legal obligations, public interest, or vital interests
To enhance your experience
To engage in third party marketing
For any other purpose that you consent to
Consent
‍
US Users
If you are a resident of the United States, you may also have certain rights under the laws of your state. For example, if you are a California resident, you may have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) with respect to information collected by us during the 12 months preceding your request. These include the right to (i) request access to, details regarding, and a copy of the personal information we have collected about you and/or shared with third parties; (ii) request deletion of the personal information that we have collected about you; (iii) the right to opt-out of sale of your personal information; (iv) the right to correct inaccurate personal information; and (v) the right to limit the use of your sensitive personal information. As the terms are defined under the CCPA, we do not “sell” your “personal information.”
California residents may also request the following information (to the extent we share your personal information in this way):
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; and
the names and addresses of third parties that received such information, or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name, then examples of the products or services marketed.
5. Data Retention
We will keep your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a legitimate business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting or other purposes), whichever is the longer.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences until you opt-out of receiving these communications and in accordance with our policies.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Data, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we use your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances, we may anonymize your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer Personal Data.
6. International Users
Instabug is based in the United States. If you are accessing our Service from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Data will be transmitted to our servers in the United States and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located. Where we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected. For information that we process on behalf of our customers, we have implemented appropriate contractual provisions (including, for data collected from the EU, the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for data transfers) to ensure adequate protection for your Personal Data. Please contact us if you have any questions about the safeguards that we implement when we transfer your Personal Data.
7. Conditions of Use
If you decide to access or use the Service, such access and use and any possible dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
, including limitations on damages and disclaimer of warranties to the extent permitted by the applicable law.
8. Third Party Website/Services
The Site may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Site. These other websites are not under Instabug control, and by providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these other websites or the services offered through them. The information that you share with such websites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the third-party websites and not by this Privacy Policy. Instabug is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
9. Information Security
We take care to protect your Personal Data against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction, through appropriate security measures. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store Personal Data.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
You have the following choices with respect to your Personal Data:
Email Communications.
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future marketing emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding the Service you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and the Service, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy).
“Do Not Track.”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, the Service may not work properly. Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Mobile Settings.
You can use your mobile device settings to limit use of the identifier(s) associated with your device for interest-based advertising purposes and for location tracking.
Declining to provide information.
We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services.
Delete your content or close your account.
You can choose to delete certain content through your account. If you wish to request to close your account, please contact us at privacy@Instabug.com
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described below. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
You can contact us by email at
privacy@Instabug.com
, or our mailing address below:
Instabug, Inc.
230 California Street
San Francisco, CA 94111
United States
‍
Sub-policy 2
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍