Personal and Business Banking
Mobile App Banking: Abridged terms and conditions (Abridged Terms)
1. Introduction
These Abridged Terms must be read with the full terms and conditions (Terms).
2. Definitions
We have defined some words for consistency. These words will begin with a capital letter, where indicated. Singular words include the plural and the other way round.
Access Codes
Any of your secret numbers used to access our banking facilities, including your personal identification number
(PIN)
or one-time PIN
(OTP)
, automated teller machine
(ATM)
card numbers, passwords, user names or Mobile App digital identity code.
Account
Any account or portfolio, including a Diner’s Club Account, an insurance policy, and/or online share trading (OST) account and/or Private Clients investment portfolio, and any Card linked to such account, opened at your request by us in your name, or for which you are responsible.
App Store
Your Device’s application store provided by Apple, Blackberry or Android, as is applicable to you, from which you download the Mobile App.
Mobile App
Our mobile app through which you access Mobile App Banking.
Mobile App Banking
Secure banking with us through the use of the Mobile App downloaded onto your Device and for which you have registered.
Card
Any card we issue to you, including a Diners Club Card and any additional card linked to your Account.
Device
The device you use to access Mobile App Banking such as a cellphone, smartphone and/or tablet or any similar technology.
Diners Club
Diners Club South Africa Proprietary Limited (Registration number 1956/000068/07), its successors in title or assigns.
Diners Club Account
The Diners Club Card account opened in your name.
Diners Club Card
Your personal, corporate or travel Diners Club card, as applicable.
Group
Our affiliates, associates, subsidiaries and divisions together with our holding company and its affiliates, associates, subsidiaries and divisions.
Instant Money
The Instant Money service offered to you where you instruct us to send an amount of money to a recipient through an electronic voucher, which the recipient can redeem for cash (South African rand value) at one of our branches, ATMs or at an approved vendor.
Intellectual Property
Without limitation, is all inventions, specifications, patents, designs, trademarks, service marks, trade names and all goodwill associated with such inventions, patents, designs, trademarks, service marks, trade names; copyright, including all copyright in any logos, devices, designs, multimedia works and computer software programs (in both source and object code form, and including any programmers’ or developers’ notes, flow charts, memoranda and design documents); rights protecting goodwill and reputation; proprietary material, know-how, ideas, concepts, trade secrets, methods, techniques, graphics; schematics; marketing; sales and user data; domain names and URLs; databases and rights in databases, confidential information and all other intellectual property rights and rights of a similar character whether registered or capable of registration, rights in the nature of any of the above items whether registered or unregistered in any country or jurisdiction and all applications and rights to apply for protection of any of the same.
Intellectual Property Rights
All rights in and to Intellectual Property.
ISP
An Internet service provider, which is an organisation that provides access to the Internet.
Participating Bank
Any bank institution in the Republic of South Africa that is able to make payments and receive payments made by means of Immediate Payment.
Personal Information
Information about an identifiable, natural or juristic person, including but not limited to, information about race, gender, marital status, nationality, ethnic or social origin, sexual orientation, age, physical or mental health, religion, belief, disability, language, birth, education, identity number, telephone number, email, postal or street address, biometric information and financial, criminal or employment history as well as correspondence sent by the person that is implicitly or explicitly of a private or confidential nature or further correspondence that would reveal the contents of the original correspondence.
Prepaid Purchases
The purchase of goods and services, including airtime and electricity, and any other goods and services offered by third-party service providers.
Process
Any operation or activity, whether automated or not, concerning Personal Information, including: collection; receipt; recording; organisation; collation; storage; updating or modification; retrieval; alteration; consultation; use; dissemination by means of transmission, distribution or making available in any other form; merging, linking as well as blocking, degradation, erasure or destruction of information.
Processing
will have a similar meaning.
Product Terms
Terms and conditions and/or policy documents specific to the product or services that apply to your Account, Card or Transaction.
Transaction
Any debit or credit on your Account made with or without using the Mobile App, including payments for goods or services, deposits, inter-account transfers, Instant Money transactions, Prepaid Purchases, withdrawals or use of any banking facilities available on this Mobile App that we action on your instruction.
Transact
has a similar meaning.
Transactions are subject to their respective Product Terms.
we, us, our
The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited (Registration number 1962/000738/06) and its successors or assigns, including Diners Club and the Group.
you or your
The person who registered for the Mobile App.
3. Registration for Mobile App Banking
3.1.
You must register for Mobile App Banking by following the prompts displayed after you have downloaded the Mobile App onto your Device.
3.2.
Registration will create your digital identity for the Mobile App on your Device.
3.3.
You can have only one Mobile App on a Device at a time, but you can download the Mobile App onto as many Devices as you require. You do not need to re-register for each Device, but you must login as normal with your digital identity.
4. Use of the Mobile App
You should only use the latest version of the Mobile App. The App Store will notify you of any updates/upgrades that are available to you. If you do not install the latest version, the Mobile App may not function correctly and you may experience security and/or data flaws, for which we will not be liable under any circumstances.
5. Fees and Costs
Standard data costs will be charged by your mobile network operator or internet service provider when you download the Mobile App and thereafter receive notifications in your Mobile App inbox. You must contact your data provider to ask for details.
Fees for Immediate Payment:
We will charge you a non-refundable fee per payment made using Immediate Payment.
If you do not pay our fees or do not have enough available money in your Account to pay them, we may stop your request for Immediate Payment.
6. Transacting Through Mobile App Banking
6.1.
We will act on instructions that appear to have been sent by you. We will treat your instructions to us in line with your Account and the Transaction involved. All Transactions are subject to their Product Terms.
6.2.
We are not responsible for any loss you suffer if you enter the incorrect details for your Transaction.
6.3.
Prepaid Purchases are subject to the terms and conditions of the third party service provider. We will not be liable for any losses suffered as a result of the negligence, actions or omissions by the third party service provider.
7. Warranties by you
7.1.
You represent and warrant that:
7.1.1
you have full contractual capacity and no court has declared you mentally unfit;
7.1.2
you are not, and will not be, located in any country that is the subject of a United States of America (US) Government embargo or that has been designated by the US Government as a "terrorist supporting" country;
7.1.3
you are not listed on any US Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
7.1.4
you have been informed in clause 12 below that you can refer any questions that you may have to us;
7.1.5
you have given us the correct information; and
7.1.6
you have read and understand the Terms before entering into this agreement.
8. Mobile App Banking Security
8.1.
You must always look after your Access Codes and keep them secret and safe to prevent other persons from using them. If you do not, you give up any claim you may have against us for any loss or damage you may suffer because you have not kept them safe.
8.2.
If your Device is lost or stolen, or is no longer in your possession, you must immediately login to the Mobile App through an alternate capable device, and de-authorise your Device. We will not be held liable for any losses resulting from your failure to de-authorise that Device. If you cannot immediately de-authorise your Device, then you must call our customer contact centre to tell us that your Device is no longer in your ownership or possession.
9. Software and hardware
9.1.
You must use software and hardware suitable for Mobile App Banking. If you do not, the Mobile App Banking service on your Device may not work properly and this could increase your security risks.
9.2.
You acknowledge and agree that:
9.2.1
to the maximum extent allowed by law, the App Store does not give or enter into any warranty, condition or other term in relation to the Mobile App and will not be liable to you for any claims, losses, costs or expenses of whatever nature in relation to the Mobile App or as a result of you or anyone else using the Mobile App or relying on any of its content; and
9.2.2
if there is any claim by a third party that your possession or use (in line with the Terms) of the Mobile App infringes any Intellectual Property Rights, the App Store will not be liable to you in relation to that claim.
10. Making an Immediate Payment
10.1.
You will be required to complete all required information (including, but not limited to account details) for purposes of making a payment to an existing registered beneficiary. This chosen beneficiary’s account must be held at a Participating Bank in order for you to select the option of Immediate Payment.
10.2.
Should you choose to make a once-off payment, a payment to a new beneficiary, or an existing beneficiary whose details you are amending at the same time, there may be up to 2 (two) hours delay in processing the payment.
10.3.
Immediate Payment cannot be used to make a payment from a credit card.
10.4.
You can only make use of Immediate Payment up to a maximum payment limit set by us from time to time on the Mobile App.
10.5.
If you are making a payment to a beneficiary whose bank is not a Participating Bank, then you will not be able to select the option of “Immediate Payment”.
10.6.
You will receive an OTP via your preferred method of communication for each Immediate Payment that you submit. You have to enter this OTP when prompted to do so in order to validate your payment. Once you have entered your OTP, you will not be able to use the same OTP for any future Transactions.
10.7.
Cut off times: In order for your payment to be processed via Immediate Payment, you must make your payment between 06h00 and 22h00 on any given day. You will not be able to make a payment using Immediate Payment after 22h00.
11. Disclaimers
Your use of Mobile App Banking is dependent on factors beyond our control, such as your network’s coverage or availability, your ISP’s availability or your Device’s capability and capacity. We are not liable for any loss or damages you may suffer if a factor beyond our control arises and you cannot access Mobile App Banking.
12. Data Protection
We may, and you expressly consent to, the collecting and Processing of your Personal Information by us to: enable the opening, administration and operation of your Account, provide you with the use of the Mobile App; provide any combination of services, analysis, advice or intermediary service linked to your Account and Mobile App Banking to you; monitor and analyse the conduct on your Account and Mobile App Banking for credit, fraud, compliance and other risk-related purposes; carry out statistical and other analyses to identify potential markets and trends; and develop new products and services.
13. Customer Contact Information
13.1
The contact details in respect the head offices in each country/jurisdiction listed below can be found in the specific hyperlink provided for each country.
In regards to complaints specifically about products or services, please address them to the manager of a branch in the jurisdiction in which your account is located. We will deal with all complaints in accordance with the normal procedures for handling complaints in your specific country. We will provide an acknowledgement and initial response to your complaint in writing within 5 business days unless we reasonably expect to be able to provide a full response in writing within 10 business days.
South Africa
Namibia
Botswana
Uganda
Ghana
Jersey and Isle of Man
Lesotho
Malawi
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe