Demodit GmbH
Software Development
IT Services
Company
Software
iPhone / iPad
Mac
Contact
DE
EN
ClassicWeather
BirthdaysPro
ContactsPro
GroupsPro
SMS FilterPro
Funny Socks
True or False
Contact
ClassicWeather Privacy Policy
We at Demodit GmbH respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to show you what user data we are collecting and how we're using and sharing that data when using our app/service ClassicWeather.
Information we collect about you
We collect certain information that may, whether alone or combined with other data, be personal data.
We collect:
- Unique ID of app installation (UID)
- Type and version of app
- Install date of app
- Usage of app (eg. number of widgets, service calls)
- OS version and build
- Used language
- Receipts of app purchase or in-app purchases, without personal data
- IP address
How we use your data
This information helps us to understand, analyze and measure how users use the Services; manage Services’ operations; deliver and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; help diagnose problems; recognize repeat visitors; and facilitate your access to and use of the Services.
When you contact us with Feedback & Support link by email, the UID is included in encrypted form in subject of email. We can match that UID with the collected data for support purpose. If you don’t want that, please remove the UID from email subject.
How we share your data
We or the application don’t share your data.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information processing practices or for any other purpose. The valid Privacy Policy is always included in the latest version of the application.
Privacy Policy of weather service
Weather and location data is requested from and delivered by weather service Weather Underground (The Weather Company). See also their privacy policy on www.wunderground.com
Demodit GmbH, Software, 8305 Dietlikon ZH, Switzerland
Loading...