Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 3, 2024
At Sortly, Inc. (
“Sortly”, “we”, “us”,
or
“our”
), we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. We want you to be fully informed about the information we collect, how it is used, shared, and protected, and the choices you have with it and explain the privacy and data practices at Sortly.
This privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) applies to all information collected through our website located at
https://www.Sortly.com
(the “
Website
”) and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to all of these collectively in this Policy as the (collectively, “
Services
“).
If there are any terms in this Policy that you do not agree with, you should immediately discontinue use of our Services. If you have any questions or concerns about our disclosed practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at privacy@Sortlyapp.com.
Introduction
. Sortly Inc. (the “
Company
” or “
we
”) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website
www.sortly.com
(this “
Website
“) or through the “Sortly” productivity app (the “
App
“), and our practices for collecting, storing, processing, using, maintaining, transferring, sharing, protecting and disclosing that information. Providing your personal information (as defined in this Privacy Policy) to us may be required in order to use certain features and functionalities of the Website or the App, including any such features that require you to create an account with us. Providing personal information for survey, marketing, or other similar purposes is not required; however, please note that certain features or functionalities may not be as customized or personalized without such information.
Table of Contents
When We Collect Personal Information
Types of Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Collected Personal Information
How We May Share Personal Information
Your Rights and How to Exercise Them
Online Tracking Technologies and How to Opt Out
U.S. State-Specific Notice
UK & EEA Specific Notice
Security & Retention
Children’s Privacy
Links on our Services
Changes to This Policy
Contact Us
1. When We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information when:
You sign up for our Services.
You download and use our mobile application.
You visit or interact with our Services, including by uploading any company-specific information.
You inquire about our Services, engage with our support team or otherwise communicate with us.
You view or interact with our emails or other communications.
2. Types of Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following categories of personal information:
Information you provide directly to us:
Information when you register for an account, including if we offer you the ability to sign in with third party account credentials (eg; Google).
Information from your interactions with our support team or inquiries into our Services, which may include providing us with your name, work or personal email, phone number, company name, position title, website, social media links, and time zone.
Our website offers you the ability to purchase our Services, including providing us with your credit card and billing information.
Any company data you upload to our Services that may contain personal information, such as any information associated with company employees, contractors, partners, photos of specific individuals, individual licenses, or potentially associated GPS locations of individuals or IoT devices.
Information we automatically collect during your visit to our Website:
Services form entry content. We do not intentionally collect personal information from users who upload information through our website or mobile application. However, certain personal information may be provided through our Services which may be collected automatically through our systems.
Website and mobile device metadata and analytics, including IP address, device information, date/time of visits, new or returning visits, products viewed, page response times, URL clickstreams, how long you stay on our pages, what you do on those pages.
We may use cookies, beacons, pixel tags, and other similar technologies to collect additional information automatically as you interact with the Services, to personalize your experience with our Services, and to measure the performance of our advertising and marketing efforts. Learn more about this collection in the ‘Cookies and Tracking Technologies’ section below.
Information from third parties:
When you interact with our accounts on LinkedIn or potentially other third party services, we may collect certain information that you or the platform make available to us such as Website metadata analytics (above), your referral traffic to our Website, or custom website interactions.
We may also engage third parties to provide additional information about business professionals who are interested in our Services, engage with our website, or interact with us on social media.
Our Website and Services are designed for business professionals. We do not intentionally collect any personal information from minors under the age of 16. If you believe we have obtained personal information associated with children, please contact us at privacy@Sortlyapp.com and we will delete it.
3. How We Use Collected Personal Information
We use the personal information that you give and we collect for the following purposes:
To authenticate and secure your account, including through Google Sign in (
in compliance with their API Services User Data Policy
).
To provide our Services, including providing web and mobile software for our Customers
For customer support by responding to your issue reports, questions or feedback.
To improve or troubleshoot any issues with our Services.
To communicate with you, such as sending you email or SMS updates about new features, products, and services.
To comply with our agreements or policies.
For other business and legal purposes, such as to detect and prevent fraud, to collect amounts owing to us, and to maintain business records.
With your consent.
4. How We May Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose your information with your consent. We may also share your information with our corporate affiliates, as well as vendors or service providers who:
Process credit card or other payments and enable subscription Services.
Help us communicate with you, including through email marketing.
Manage and optimize our Website and Services, including website and mobile analytics providers.
In addition:
We may disclose your personal information in order to:
Protect the legal rights of our company, our employees, our agents, and our affiliates;
Protect the safety and security of our customers or Website visitors;
Detect and protect against fraud;
Comply with law or legal process.
We may disclose your personal information as part of a business transition.
We may also share your personal information with prospective purchasers exclusively to evaluate the proposed transaction; and
We may also share your personal information with another company that buys the assets or stock of Sortly. That company may use and disclose personal information for purposes similar to those described in this Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may disclose de-identified, aggregate, or anonymous information about our Website visitors for any purpose.
5. Your Privacy Choices And How To Exercise Them
Access the personal information we maintain about you.
Delete the personal information we maintain about you, unless such information is necessary for compliance with our legal or regulatory obligations.
Correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
Opt-Out of certain uses of your personal information. You can opt out of:
Email marketing: you may unsubscribe to our commercial email list by following the instructions provided in the email.
You can exercise these choices by contacting Sortly at privacy@Sortlyapp.com.
6. Online Tracking Technologies and How To Opt Out
Like many companies, we use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities, your interactions with websites and apps, and potentially to serve tailored ads. There are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device data collected through these Services, which we summarize below:
Blocking Cookies In Your Browser
. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Advertising Industry Opt-Out Tools
. You can also use these opt-out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising online or in apps by visiting
http://optout.aboutads.info
.
With Each of Our Vendors Individually
. The following advertising partners offer opt-out features that let you opt-out of use of your information for interest-based advertising.   Please note that because these opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.
Third Party Advertising Services
Google
Google Advertising Opt Out
LinkedIn
LinkedIn Privacy Preferences
Analytics
Google Analytics
Google Privacy
Hubspot
Hubspot Privacy
Twilio Segment
Twilio Privacy
Hotjar
Hotjar Privacy
Amplitude
Amplitude Privacy
VWO
VWO Privacy
7. U.S. State-Specific Notice
Sortly discloses the categories and types of personal information collected and disclosed in the sections above.  Sortly does not ‘sell’ or ‘share’ personal information, as defined by any U.S. state privacy law.
8. UK & EEA Specific Notice
The European Union and the United Kingdom (“UK”) have enacted comprehensive privacy laws including the General Data Protection Regulation (collectively, the “GDPR”). The GDPR affords residents of the UK and European Economic Area (“EEA”) certain privacy protections and rights. Please note that ChatGPT and similar technologies are banned in certain countries. If ChatGPT is banned in your country, do not use our Services.
Legal Basis:
We process personal data under the following legal basis.
Processing Activity
Legal Basis
Placement of cookies on our Website
Consent
Improving our Website and Services
Legitimate Interest
Product, Marketing or Service-Related Communications
Legitimate Interest and Contract Necessity
Billing and Services Delivery
Necessary Pursuant to Contract
Controller/Processor Designation:
Under the GDPR, we are designated as a “Controller” for the collection and use of all customer account-related information collected through this Website or our mobile application.  For use of our customers’ personal data, including personnel uploaded into our systems, we are designated as a ‘Processor.’  A list of our subprocessors is available to our enterprise customers on-demand.
Cross-Border Data Transfers:
We may transfer to, and store the data we collect about you, in countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected, including the United States, Canada or other destinations outside the EEA and the UK. Those countries may not have equivalent data protection laws as the country in which you provided the data. When we transfer your data to other countries, we will protect the data as described in this Privacy Policy and applicable supplemental product privacy policy and comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA.
If you are located in the EEA, we will transfer your personal data to our processors in the United States through execution of the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission.
Additional Rights for UK or European Economic Area Residents:
For any data subjects who are customers or have interacted with Sortly, please contact us at
privacy@Sortlyapp.com
to exercise your rights to Access, Modify, Delete, or Object to our use of your personal data.
If you believe one of our clients has uploaded your personal data as part of our Services, please contact that company as Sortly does not have access or the capability to rectify data subject rights related to Client Data.
In addition to the rights granted above, if you are a UK or EEA resident, the GDPR grants you the right to lodge a complaint against us with your local data protection authority. You can find your data protection authority at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
.
9. Security & Retention
We have implemented reasonable security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. It is important that you understand, however, that no website, Internet-connected device or online platform is completely secure. We cannot anticipate all potential misuse of your information, and as a result, cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.
We generally retain customer personal information for as long as necessary to provide our Services. We may also retain personal information if required by law, or for our legitimate interests, such as abuse detection and prevention, and defending ourselves from legal claims.  Residual copies of personal data may be stored in backup systems for a limited period as a security measure to protect against data loss.
For more information, please email us at
privacy@Sortlyapp.com
.
10. Children’s Privacy
We do not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of 16. If you believe we have obtained personal information associated with children under the age of 16, please contact us at privacy@Sortlyapp.com
11. Links On Our Services
Our Services may contain links to other websites or services. We do not control what information you provide, or is collected by these third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
12. Changes To This Policy
We may revise this Policy from time to time. Review it occasionally so that you keep up-to-date on our most current practices. We will put the effective date of the latest version at the top of each Policy.
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, or if you would like to request access to or correction of your personal information, you can contact Sortly by mail, telephone, or e-mail:
Sortly, Inc.
314 Sea Cliff Ln
Redwood City, CA 94065
privacy@Sortlyapp.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.linkedin.com/mypreferences/d/categories/account:
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Continue with Google
Continue with Google
Sign in with Apple
or
Email or phone
Password
Show
Forgot password?
Keep me logged in
Sign in
Resend email
Back
New to LinkedIn?
Join now
By clicking Continue, you agree to LinkedIn’s
User Agreement
,
Privacy Policy
, and
Cookie Policy
.
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy:
×
close
We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Decline all
Manage Cookies
Legal
For Customers
Customer Terms of Service
Product Specific Terms
Jurisdiction Specific Terms
Data Processing Agreement
Product and Services Catalog
Acceptable Use Policy
HubSpot Security Program
Content Moderation @HubSpot
For Partners
App Partner Program Agreement
Solutions Partner Program Agreement
Marketing Affiliate Program Agreement
HubSpot for Startups Partner Agreement
Education Partner Agreement
For Developers
HubSpot Developer Terms
HubSpot Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
For Everyone
Website Terms of Use
Website Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
European Union Digital Services Act
Modern Slavery Statement
Other Legal Docs
Community Terms of Use
Marketplace Terms of Use
HUG Program Agreement
UX Research Participation Agreement
Back to Legal Stuff home
HubSpot is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data we collect and process in the course of our business. HubSpot acts in different ways when processing data:
(i) HubSpot acts as a controller of your personal data when you sign up for our products and services, visit our websites or interact with us through other channels (for example in person events). We use this data for a variety of purposes, including to provide our products and services to you, contact you about relevant content, and improve and promote our products and services.
(ii) HubSpot acts as a processor when our customers use our products and services to collect and process personal data in connection with their sales, marketing, and other business activities. In this case, we act as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of personal data) under the HubSpot
Data Processing Agreement
included in the
Customer Terms of Service
.
(iii) HubSpot also acts as a controller when we collect and process personal data about individuals in their professional capacity, and make that information available to customers for their own sales, marketing, and other business activities. This includes personal data we may collect indirectly about you, such as from publicly available sources, our customers, or other third parties. For more information see the “What Information We Collect and Process” section.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This Privacy Policy describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction.
(i) For information about how to exercise your privacy rights when HubSpot acts as a controller of personal data, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section.
(ii) To opt out and delete your personal data from our commercial dataset of professionals, please fill out
this form
.
(iii) If you wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please refer to the customer policies and contact the customer directly.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, notify you directly (for example, by sending you an email notification). Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
.
1.
What
Information We Collect and Process
2.
How We Use Personal Data
3.
How We Share Personal Data
4.
How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally
5.
How We Store and Secure Personal Data
6.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
7.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
8.
California Privacy Rights
9.
Other Important Privacy Information
10.
Google Integrations
11.
Contact Us
1
. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
1.1 Information You Provide to HubSpot.
When you interact with us via our websites or any sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (such as HubSpot.com, the Hustle.co, etc.) or use the Subscription Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.
1.1.1 When You Visit Our Websites. We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our websites, for example by subscribing to a HubSpot blog, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to one of our services or requesting customer support. We may ask for your email address, first and last name, job title, and other similar business information. You are free to explore some of our websites without providing any Personal Data about yourself.
1.1.2 INBOUND and Other Event Information. When you register for
INBOUND
or a HubSpot event, we collect information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. We use this information to communicate with you and in some cases facilitate your registration. Additionally, we may share your registration data with service providers of INBOUND in order to provide event information and improve your experience at INBOUND or future HubSpot events.
1.1.3 Account and User Information. We collect Personal Data when you sign-up for a HubSpot account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize our Subscription Service.
1.1.4 Payment Information. We collect payment and billing information when you register for or purchase paid products or services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address, or a billing contact for your HubSpot account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use secure third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process.
1.1.5 Testimonials. We may post testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data.
1.2 Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service.
Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to create and share marketing, sales and customer service content. When customers use our product, they may process Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our
Customer Terms of Service
.
We generally store and process information about and on behalf of our customers on our servers as a processor (or service provider) based on a customer’s instructions and in accordance with our
Customer Terms of Service
.  Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using the Subscription Service and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to HubSpot for processing purposes.
If you have questions about the Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please contact the customer directly and refer to their policies.
1.3 Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service.
1.3.1 Usage Data. We collect usage data when you or your users in your HubSpot account interact with the Subscription Service. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Subscription Service such as what product features you use the most, when an object (like a ticket) is opened and closed, and how often certain features (like workflows) are triggered in your account.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see the "How We Share Personal Data" section.
1.3.2 Mobile. When you access or use the Subscription Service via our mobile applications, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers.
1.3.3 Log Files. Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), the files viewed on our, or our customer’s websites (if those websites are hosted on HubSpot e.g. HTML pages or, graphics etc.), your operating system, access times and referring website addresses.
When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings:
(i) when a HubSpot User logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform;
(ii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by our product and services; or
(iii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms).; or
(iv) third-party features and content from other companies.
Our websites may include features and widgets (such as the share and/or "like" button or interactive mini-programs) that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
1.3.4 Third Party Integrations
You may connect third party integrations to your HubSpot account, which may ask for certain permissions to access data or send information to your HubSpot account. It is your responsibility to review any third party integrations you authorize. We may collect information about what types of integrations you use in your HubSpot account.
Any permission(s) granted by you, grants these third parties access to your data, which may include (but is not limited to) granting third party applications access to view, store, and modify your HubSpot account data.  We are not responsible for the practices of third party integrations, so please carefully review the permissions you grant to third party applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: For more information on integrations with third party providers, please see the
"Connect apps to HubSpot"
knowledge base article.
1.4 Information We Collect From Other Sources.
1.4.1 HubSpot Partners. We may receive information about you, or Users of your HubSpot Account (if applicable), from our global network of partners. We may receive this data through a number of ways, including through our deal and lead registration processes.
We may also collect information about you through our partner co-marketing partnerships. For example, you may sign up to a webinar or download a white paper published by HubSpot and a HubSpot co-marketing partner. You can read more information about our co-marketing program at https://www.hubspot.com/co-marketing-request-form. For more information about how we share data with our partners, review the "Partners" subsection of the "How We Share Personal Data" provision of this privacy policy.
1.4.2 Third Parties. We may receive information from third party service providers, from related companies, and from our business and solution partners.
1.4.3 Personal Data from Different Sources. We may collect Personal Data about you from other sources, such as third party providers and publicly available sources (like social media platforms). This may include physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, and social media profiles. This helps us to update and improve our products, services, and records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, suggest products and services that may interest you, deliver personalized communications, and promote events.
1.4.4 Other HubSpot Companies and Affiliates. We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot.
1.5 Information We Collect and Process in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. HubSpot collects business contact and similar professional data from various sources, including publicly available sources, third party providers, and customers who use our enrichment products. This information powers our commercial dataset. We provide information from our commercial dataset to customers who choose to use enrichment products within the Subscription Services as part of their sales, marketing, and other business activities.
If you’d like to remove your Personal Data from our commercial dataset, complete and submit
this form
. For more information about how to exercise your privacy rights and choices, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section for more information.
1.6 Information We Collect and Process via the HubSpot Tracking Code. Our Customers may install the HubSpot Tracking Code on their website to collect information about website visitors. HubSpot uses information collected by the tracking code, such as IP addresses and online identifiers, to improve our products and services, including our commercial dataset. We store information about website visitors on our servers and process this data for our own purposes as a controller.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the
"Install the HubSpot tracking code"
knowledge base article to learn more about data sharing with HubSpot.
2
. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
2.1 To Communicate with You About the Product and Services. We use the account information you provide to HubSpot when signing up for our products and services, to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
We also use your information to recommend new products and services and to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs.
If you use the HubSpot mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
2.2 To Provide the Subscription Service. We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the product to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the Subscription Service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support.
2.3 To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services. We use professional data, log files, and usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in.
We may use Customer Data to support and develop AI features and functionality within the Subscription Service and similar products and services that rely on machine learning. You may opt out of having your Customer Data used to train HubSpot models by emailing
privacy@hubspot.com
.
We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers. For example, we may publish blog posts on trends or insights into how users are interacting with our product.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the "
Opt out of HubSpot's machine learning data use"
knowledge base article to learn more about how your Customer Data is being used to train HubSpot models.
2.4 To Secure and Protect our Product and HubSpot Users. We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse. This includes enforcing our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the websites by you, including how you use our websites, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we associate automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
2.5 To Market and Promote the Subscription Service. We use Personal Data to advertise, market, and promote our products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use information like your email or physical address to send information or HubSpot content to you we think may be of interest to you, including by post, email, or other means.  We may also send you marketing communications relating to our business.
You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by following the instructions contained in each communication that we send to you. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
We may reach out to you via telephone to ask about other HubSpot products or services you may be interested in. If you have a call scheduled with a HubSpot representative, we may record and transcribe the call. You will be notified prior to the call that the call is being recorded, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt-out of having the call recorded.  We may also reach out to you via SMS, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt out of those communications.
Where required by law, we will only send marketing communications with your consent. Otherwise, we will market and advertise our products and services on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
We may use information collected from third party service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and improved services, personalized communications, event promotion, and to otherwise improve the user experience.
2.6 Other Purposes if We Obtain Your Consent. We may use your data for other purposes when you give us consent to do so.
2.7 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only). If you are a website visitor located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or United Kingdom ("UK"), HubSpot Ireland Limited is the data controller of your Personal Data. HubSpot's Data Protection Officer can be contacted
here
.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
3
. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Service Providers.
We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, application development, marketing, sales support and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Subscription Service or interactions on our websites, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In all cases where we share your information in this way, we explicitly require the third party service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and data protection policies and standards.
3.2 Partners. We may share your personal data with trusted HubSpot partners to: (i) contact you based on your communication preferences; (ii) help us perform statistical analysis; (iii) provide sales support; (iv) provide customer support; and (v) to improve our partner programs and Subscriptions Services. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data.
We also partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you. When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about their privacy practices and how to opt-out of the partner’s communications. You will always have a choice as to whether to disclose your Personal Information to our co-marketing partners. These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies. For more information on our co-marketing program, see
this page
.
3.3 Advertising Partners. We allow advertising networks to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads. We may also share Personal Data, such as your email address, with our advertising partners to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads on other companies' sites or mobile apps.  You can opt out of having your data disclosed to our advertising partners through this
form
.
3.4 Corporate Events. If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by HubSpot on the websites and the Subscription Service. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
3.5 Public Forums. Our websites may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums (e.g., HubSpot Community, Connect.com, etc.). Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the websites if you so request, as described in the"Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section of this Privacy Notice. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information; we will let you know if we are unable to and why, if permitted.
3.6 Compelled Disclosure. We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Subscription Service, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the
Customer Terms of Service
for more information. HubSpot shares data about requests for customer information, to learn more see our
Data Disclosure and Transparency Report
.
3.7 HubSpot, Other Companies, and Affiliates. We may share your Personal Data with our current and future parents, Affiliates, subsidiaries, and other entities under common control and ownership to the extent necessary to fulfill your request or for other purposes permitted under this Privacy Policy.
3.8 HubSpot Customers in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. We may share Personal Data about individuals in our commercial dataset with our customers that use our enrichment products. Customers may use this information for their sales and marketing activities. We rely on our legitimate interests, as well as those of our customers, to collect and share data for the purposes listed. HubSpot’s and our customers’ legitimate interests are not more important than your privacy rights, and we process your data on the basis that people would expect their work-related data to be shared in this way. See the “Information We Collect and Process In Connection With Our Enrichment Products” section for more information.
4
. HOW WE TRANSFER PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONALLY
4.1 International Transfers within the HubSpot Group. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer information that may include Personal Data to other HubSpot Affiliates who act as subprocessors, where we have operations for the purposes described in this policy. Please see
Annex 3 of our Customer Data Processing Agreement
for a list of impacted HubSpot Affiliates and their locations.
This Privacy Policy will apply even if we transfer Personal Data to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected wherever it is transferred. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom ("UK") within and among HubSpot’s Affiliates, we rely upon the the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the European Commission and Swiss authorities) and UK Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the UK authorities) where required.  We also have additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, TLS for HubSpot hosted sites, web application firewall protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures), as described more in detail in the
HubSpot Trust Center
.
4.2 International Transfers to Third Parties. Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved Data Privacy Framework Standard Contractual Clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. For transfers to or from the United Kingdom, we make use of the UK Addendum. For transfers to or from Canada, we make use of the standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received from or transferred to Canada, HubSpot is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, Canada, and UK.
4.3 Data Privacy Framework Notice. HubSpot complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively “the Data Privacy Framework”).
HubSpot has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union, and the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are located in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the Personal Data that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where Personal Data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party or used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, HubSpot commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the DPF Principles should first contact HubSpot at
privacy@hubspot.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF Principles-related complaints within 45 days.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, HubSpot commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe Dispute Resolution, are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over HubSpot’s compliance with the DPF Principles. HubSpot is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
In the context of an onward transfer, HubSpot is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. HubSpot will remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agent processes your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless HubSpot is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Please note that under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
5. HOW WE STORE AND SECURE PERSONAL DATA
5.1 Data Storage and Security. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. For more on Security at HubSpot, please see
https://trust.hubspot.com/
.
5.2 Retention of Personal Data. How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the "Privacy Rights and Choices" section.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your HubSpot account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
The data we process on behalf of customers connection with the Subscription Service is stored and secured according to the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
and Customer
Data Processing Agreement
.
6. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
6.1 Cookies. When you visit our websites, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels. For more information, and to learn how to opt out, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see the
HubSpot Cookie Policy
as updated by us from time-to-time, without additional notice.
6.2 Advertising. We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info/
(or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising you will continue to receive generic ads.
7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
7.1 Personal Data Requests. Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the following data protection rights:
(i) Access, Correction or Deletion. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
(ii) Objection or Restriction. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
(iii) Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To exercise any of these rights:
(i) for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use
this form
;
(ii) for the Hustle, please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the sharing of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
For all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle), you may also write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Please note that to protect Personal Data, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. Depending on your location, and applicable laws, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available on the European Data Protection Board member page
here
.
If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a HubSpot customer that uses our Subscription Service and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. HubSpot acts as a processor for our customers in most cases and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable.
7.2 Anti-Spam Policy. Our
Acceptable Use Policy
applies to us and to our customers and, among other things, prohibits use of the Subscription Service to send unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service of an "opt-out" mechanism and other required information. We require all of our customers to agree to adhere to the Acceptable Use Policy at all times, and any violations of the Acceptable Use Policy by a customer can result in immediate suspension or termination of the Subscription Service.
7.3 To Unsubscribe From Our Communications. You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through the following methods:
(i) by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;
(ii) updating your communication preferences;
(iii) for HubSpot, by contacting us on the
HubSpot Privacy Request Form
;
(iv) for the Hustle by contacting us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(v) for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their HubSpot Account or the Subscription Service.
7.4 To Unsubscribe From Our Customers' Communications. Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. Individuals who interact with a HubSpot customer can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1 Applicability. This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
8.2 How We Collect, Use, and Disclose Your Personal Information. We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
(i) Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
(ii) Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you.
(iii) Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
(iv) Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
(v) Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
(vi) Professional data, such as your job title and company.
(vii) Other Personal Data, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Subscription Service.
(viii) Inferences drawn from any of the above categories, alone or in combination.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in the “How We Share Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy. The period of time for which we retain this information is described in the “How We Store and Secure Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) certain information, including identifiers, to our advertising partners. We have also “sold” or “shared” certain information, including identifiers, approximate location data, and professional data to our customers.
8.3 Your California Rights. You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:
(i) The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Data we have collected and maintained about you in the past 12 months.
(ii) The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Data collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
(iii) The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you.
(iv) The right to request information concerning the categories of Personal Data (if any) that we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes.
(v) The right to limit the use of sensitive personal information means that you have the right to direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information for limited purposes. We only collect sensitive personal information (such as your payment information), as defined by applicable laws for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
(vi) The right to appeal means that you can appeal any decision by us to deny your privacy rights under applicable laws.
(vii) The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
8.4 How to Exercise Your California Rights. You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Data, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name and your email address. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Data. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.
We will respond within the time frame permitted by applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Please use the contact details below, or see the  "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section above, if you would like to:
(i) Access this policy in an alternative format;
(ii) Exercise any of your rights described above;
(iii) Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or
(iv) Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
8.5 Right to Opt Out of "Sale" or "Sharing". HubSpot collects data from publicly available sources or other third-party sources and discloses that information to our customers who purchase our enrichment products. This may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws, such as the CCPA. Please see the "Information We Collect and Process in connection with our enrichment products” section for more information.
We may also "share" your Personal Data, as defined under the CCPA , with third party advertising partners to deliver personalized ads on HubSpot's behalf on other companies' sites or mobile apps. Please see the  "Advertising Partners" section for more information.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the "sharing" of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
You can also control the personalized advertising you see by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info
/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Data of children under 16 years of age.
9. OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
9.1 Information About Children. HubSpot's websites, products, and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us
here
, so that we may delete the information.
9.1.1 Children's Information In the Subscription Service. Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to collect children's information, which may be included in Customer Data, under our
Customer Terms of Service
. For more information about how we process data on behalf of our customers as a processor, review the 'Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service’ subsection of this privacy policy.
9.2 Third Party Dispute Resolution. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
10. GOOGLE PRODUCTS AND INTEGRATIONS
10.1 Google reCAPTCHA. We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise on certain products and services to prevent malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on our websites. You can learn more about data collected by Google and what this data is used for in
Google's Privacy Policy
. Additional information on Google services and products is available in
Google's Terms of Service
.
10.2 Gmail Integration. If you use the Gmail integration or choose to integrate any other Google Workspace application with HubSpot, you will be asked to give us access to information from your Gmail or Google account.
By using the Gmail integration with the Subscription Service you will grant the Subscription Service access to information associated with your account, including contacts, emails, calendar, distribution lists, subject lines, and URLs of tracked links from your email, if you use the email tracking functionality. In addition, the Subscription Service will be able to read, modify, create, and send emails from your connected Gmail account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your emails to identify which emails you have elected to track in order to provide you with the notifications feature. The Subscription Service will store replies, outgoing mail, email headers, subject line, distribution lists, aliases, time sent, and email bodies. Your email may contain sensitive, private, or highly confidential information, such as names of your contacts, your private communications, or financial or medical information. You understand that the correspondences you track will be visible to other users on your Subscription team. Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
If you connect your Gmail account via IMAP (or Generic Inbox Connection), the Subscription Service will have access only to email address, password, server information, email metadata, and message bodies. Additionally, connecting your Gmail account via IMAP does not require you to connect any other Google Workspace applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access this data in the "
Connect your personal email
" knowledge base article.
10.3 Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data. HubSpot's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
10.4 Google Calendar Integration. The Subscription Service will have access to both your Google Calendar and any other calendar you access via Google in order to power our Meetings tool, and allow you to associate events with contacts in your HubSpot account. The Subscription Service will have the ability to: create or change your calendars, and update individual calendar events.
10.5 Google Drive Integration. As part of connecting your Google Drive, the Subscription Service will be able to: see your files, upload and download your files, and store file contents and titles. The Subscription Service uses these permissions to power the features of our Composer and Collect tools, allowing you to create drafts of blog posts in Drive and then upload directly for publishing.
10.6 Google Search Console. You can integrate your Google Search Console with our Content Management System (CMS) and our Marketing Hub product. As part of this integration, the Subscription Service will be able to view, manage and store properties which include the list of sites and domains you control in HubSpot and the Search Console data for your connected properties.
10.7 Chrome Extensions.
10.7.1 Sales Extension. You can install the HubSpot Sales Chrome Extension to track Gmail and Google Workspace emails through your Chrome browser. Once installed, the Extension can read and change all your data on the websites you visit and display notifications. It logs all emails from Gmail and can be used in conjunction with the Inbox Integration.
10.7.2 Collect Extension. The Collect Extension integrates with your Google Drive, allowing you to upload files and text directly from your Chrome Browser into your drive. These files will then be available for your use through the Google Drive integration.
10.7.3 Social Extension. The HubSpot Social Chrome Extension allows sharing of pages, text, and images from around the web with the HubSpot Social Composer tool. You are able to draft or schedule posts, assign campaigns, and then see posts on the Social Calendar tool or in Social Reports once published.
HubSpot Terms Tip: The Social Extension only accesses information about the current page, after its toolbar button is clicked, utilizing the permissions granted at this ''
Install and use the HubSpot Social Chrome extension
" knowledge base article.
10.8 YouTube Integration. If you are a HubSpot Customer and choose to use the YouTube integration with your HubSpot Subscription Services, you will be asked to give us access to information from your YouTube account and have the option to link your accounts.
By using the YouTube integration with the Subscription Service you grant the HubSpot Subscription Service access to information associated with your YouTube account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your YouTube account to identify content you have elected to track in order to provide you with features in the Subscription Services. The Subscription Service will store information from your YouTube account. You understand that the information from your YouTube Account you track in the Subscription Services may be visible to other Users within your HubSpot Account.
Your use of HubSpot’s YouTube integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service available at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
and the Google Privacy Policy available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
In addition to the typical data deletion functionality supported in the Subscription Services, Customers may have the option to revoke the YouTube integration from your HubSpot account, in the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access information or remove access to your Google account by following the steps in the "
Remove access to HubSpot in your Google account
" knowledge base article.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in a different format:
(i) for HubSpot contact us on our
Privacy Request Form
;
(ii) for the Hustle please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(iii) You may also contact us by postal mail for all HubSpot brands at:
Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer
HubSpot, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141 USA
Sub-policy 3
https://www.twilio.com/en-us/legal/privacy:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy/:
Are you an agency specialized in UX, digital marketing, or growth? Join our
Partner Program
Close banner
Hotjar Logo
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Case studies
Resources
Contact Sales
Sign in
Get started
English
Language
Get started
Toggle navigation menu
Company / Privacy
Your privacy & Hotjar
From day one, Hotjar was designed and built with privacy in mind. We wanted to help our customers improve their websites and create better user experiences, while keeping privacy at the core of our software—and we’ve been doing it since 2014.
Today, Hotjar is used on over 900,000 websites in 180+ countries. We believe we have a responsibility to set the example and protect not just the privacy of our customers, but also that of the people who visit their websites—in other words: you.
Company / Privacy
Your privacy & Hotjar
From day one, Hotjar was designed and built with privacy in mind. We wanted to help our customers improve their websites and create better user experiences, while keeping privacy at the core of our software—and we’ve been doing it since 2014.
Today, Hotjar is used on over 900,000 websites in 180+ countries. We believe we have a responsibility to set the example and protect not just the privacy of our customers, but also that of the people who visit their websites—in other words: you.
Improving websites, for you.
Online businesses use Hotjar to create better website experiences.
Nobody wants to waste their time on a website that is confusing and hard to navigate.
You know it, we know it, and website owners know it too—which is why they turn to Hotjar.
Website owners use Hotjar to better understand user behavior: what actions people take on a website, what elements of a page they click or ignore, what they enjoy, where they struggle. With this insight, website owners can then make changes that improve the overall experience for all website users. And that includes you.
Show more
We record interactions, not your sensitive data.
Hotjar is designed for websites to get insights. And respect your privacy.
When you browse a website that has Hotjar installed, we collect data about your interactions (e.g. where you click, scroll your mouse, move in between pages) and use it to create visual representations of the experience. Website owners get these insights without tracking IP/MAC addresses-- the stuff that relates to the device you use.
Some Hotjar tools, like session recordings, reconstruct the individual actions you took during a website visit; others, like heatmaps, aggregate data points from you and hundreds of other visitors in one report.
But in all cases, by default, sensitive data that you might enter on the site (your credit card details or phone numbers) will never reach our servers: we cannot see it, and neither can the website owner. Hotjar customers viewing a session recording will only see asterisks (‘***’ ) instead of numbers.
For more information, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
We will never share or sell your data.
Not to advertisers. Not to third-party services. Not to anyone.
Nobody here at Hotjar likes the idea of tools following us around different websites or companies sharing and selling our data without our permission. We are committed to making sure this doesn’t happen to you, either.
Hotjar is designed to help make websites easier to use, and the data we track about your website visit (for example, what and where you click) is only used for this purpose. We don’t follow you around the Internet: website owners who use Hotjar cannot see or find out about your activity on sites they don’t own. Likewise, we don’t harvest personal data or sell it to anyone, ever, for any reason. Nor do we mine it for profiling or advertising purposes.
To learn more about data privacy, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
Request and access your data, anytime.
Your data is stored securely, and you can ask to see it whenever you want.
As a website visitor, you have the right to request access to the personal identifiable information a website owner collected and stored about you. You also have the right to request that this information is deleted.
At any time, you can request a website owner who uses Hotjar to give you access to your data. They can run a search for personal data from inside the Hotjar dashboard; the system will then generate and email you a report that lets you view, and delete, any data connected with you.
To learn more about data privacy and accessing your data, head over to our
Privacy FAQs.
Show more
Tracking: we'll always give you options.
If you prefer websites not to track data about your visit, we can help.
If you prefer websites not to track data about your visit, we can help.
If you want to stop a website using Hotjar from collecting data about your visit, you should know that the website owner is responsible for getting your consent to collect and process data about your visit (and must allow you to withdraw that consent as well).
But we understand that you might want Hotjar (and other tools) to not process data about you regardless of whether a site owner asks for permission or not, so we want to give you an extra option. If you put a ‘Do Not Track’ flag on your browser, Hotjar will look for it before we collect any data about your site visit. Not everybody does that, but we do.
For more information about this take a look at our
guide on how ‘Do Not Track’ in your browser works
.
Show more
Compliance commitment: GDPR, CCPA, and more.
Our customers can use Hotjar in a compliant manner, for you.
We have followed a ‘privacy by design’ approach since our very first day, back in 2014, so we’re big supporters of privacy acts and regulations like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD) that enhance your privacy rights and protection as a consumer.
We have built the necessary controls around anonymity and consent to make sure website owners who use Hotjar can do it in a compliant manner. Plus, our legal team is fully committed to keeping up-to-date with any changes in the law and making sure they are reflected in our product.
You can read more about GDPR, CCPA, LGPD, and our other commitments over in our
Compliance resources.
Show more
Questions? We’ve got you covered.
From FAQs to in-depth resources - our help center has everything you need to know about Hotjar relating to privacy, compliance, legal, and security.
Take me there
Cookies on hotjar.com website
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the button to agree to the use of cookies or click ‘Cookie settings’ to manage your preferences.
Cookie Policy
Cookie settings
Reject All
Accept
Manage Consent Preferences for Hotjar.com
Cookies help us understand how visitors use our website so we can provide an enhanced browsing experience. For more information on the cookies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 6
https://vwo.com/privacy-policy/:
This website works best with JavaScript enabled
.
Learn how to enable JavaScript
.
Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Commitment
2. Overview
3. What Information do we collect or maintain?
3.1. Information provided deliberately
3.2. Information collected automatically
4. How do we use your information?
5. Legal basis for processing
6. International Transfers of Personal Information
7. How to Exercise Your Data Protection Rights
8. What are our security and confidentiality levels for your Information?
9. Information Retention
10. What are our practices regarding cookies?
11. How we collect and share your personal information?
12. Notice to Users of our Customers and End Users of Websites
13. Children’s Information
14. Data Protection Officer
15. EU  Representative
16. Compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF
17. Data Protection Authorities and Dispute Resolution
Effective from: 28 February 2025, for new and existing customer
Current Version: 5.0
All previous Privacy Policy
available here
Non-legalese, Simple English Summary
You provide your personal information (email, phone number, etc.) to us while creating an account with us. We store that information reliably. We use that information to serve you.
When you install our services on your website /mobile app, we collect some personally identifiable data to serve you.
This policy specifies the data collected by us, the manner of collection, and your rights with respect to your personal data.
This policy is applicable only to you and not visitor’s of your website.
You (and/or your users) have an option to opt out from being tracked by our services. Please see our opt-out page for more information.
1. Privacy Commitment
We keep Your personal information private and believe privacy is a fundamental human right. We are committed to provide You with products, information, controls, and transparency that allow You to choose how Your information is collected and used. This is especially important as technology progresses and privacy laws evolve.
We live in a time where digital technology profoundly impacts our lives, from the way we connect with each other to how we interpret our world. To thrive in this privacy-focused era, You need a trusted partner who can help You not only overcome these challenges but make the most of the opportunities that lie ahead. Our privacy commitment is uniquely positioned to help You meet Your compliance obligations. We know that one size doesn’t fit all when it comes to privacy, that’s why we have created robust privacy principles framework which provides You with Wingify’s approach to privacy and we shall continue to shape the way we build our products,  services, our processes, and our people keeping our Customer’s and User’s information private, safe and secure. Learn more about our
privacy principles
efforts.
We do not
“sell”
our customer’s personal information to anyone, meaning that we also do not rent, disclose, release, transfer, make available or otherwise communicate said personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. We may share aggregated and /or anonymized information regarding Your usage of the Service(s) with third parties to help us develop and improve the Services and provide our customers with more relevant content and service offering as detailed in our Customer agreements.
Disclaimer
Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd. and its subsidiaries and sister companies including Wingify Inc. (hereinafter
“Wingify”
;
“We”
or
“Us”
which expression, unless repugnant to the context hereof, shall mean and include its successors, subsidiaries and assigns) is committed to conducting business in a compliant manner and protecting the privacy of individuals who visit VWO website and/or interact with VWO online (
“
User/’Users
”
), Users who register to use the Services as defined below (
“
Customers
”; “You” or “Your”
), and Users who provide information to VWO to register for events (
“
Attendees
”
). This Privacy Policy describes Wingify’s privacy practices in relation to the use of the VWO website (“Website”)  and the related products, applications, and services (including support) offered by VWO (the
“
VWO
Services
”
).
When we receive personal information, we maintain high ethical standards and take steps to handle such information in a responsible manner that is consistent with data protection laws, our core values and business objectives.
By using VWO Services and agreeing to this policy, You consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
We may modify or update this privacy policy at any time without prior notice. You can check the
“
Last Updated
”
date above to see when the policy was last changed. Your continued use of the website and/or the VWO Services constitutes Your consent to the contents of this Privacy Policy.
2. Overview
We collect many kinds of data/information to operate effectively and provide You the best products, services, and experiences possible. We collect this information when You register, sign in, and/or use our Website and VWO Services. We collect this information in a variety of ways, including web forms, technologies like cookies, web logging, and/or other direct and indirect method.
We respect each individual’s right to personal privacy and collect and use the information we receive directly from the users/customers only in the ways disclosed in this ‘Privacy Policy’. This ‘Privacy Policy’ applies solely to information we collect directly from You through aforementioned VWO Services. The data/information collected by the Customer will be subject to their own privacy policy in force.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any end-user data that Customer may collect, obtain, or access in connection with using VWO Services. By visiting the Website and using VWO Services, You acknowledge that You accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We receive and process information (in verbal, written and electronic form) in accordance with our Customers instructions for providing services to end users.
3. What Information do we collect or maintain?
We collect two types of information:
personally-identifiable
and
non-personally identifiable
to operate effectively. We may use aforementioned types of information to create
aggregate information
(collectively referred to as
“
automated information
”
)
.
The information can be categorised as below
3.1. Information provided deliberately
3.1.1.
We do collect domain information from Your visit to customize and improve Your experience on our Website as a User, Customer, or Attendee. The type of information we may collect includes:
Your name, email address, phone number, and other contact information (browser type and version, country, etc). In some cases, we may request additional information where You may receive such request from Us. Some of the ways in which We may collect information from You are:
Registrations for/from webinars, webcasts, podcasts, seminars, conferences, etc., sponsored by Us or a partner.
Subscription to Our blog,  newsletters, whitepapers, eBooks or other VWO Services related content.
Information submitted through purchases, demo request, support request, contact request, sales or pricing query or free-trial signups of VWO Services (either on Your own or on behalf of Your company).
3.1.2. Information You submit through any other web forms and website pages
On the Website, You can pose inquiries or get in touch with Us through web forms, ordering pages, signing up for one of Our online or offline events or for one of Our content including ebooks, whitepapers, case studies or one of our free tools, subscribing to Our blogs and event alerts, or by registering for services.
We will use this information to manage User subscriptions and to inform Users about VWO Services and information that may be of interest unless Users informed Us that they no longer wish to receive any promotional material from Us.
We collect and use this information for a legitimate interest purpose (or if different, wherever required, by obtaining Your prior consent). We store this data for the period necessary to pursue the purposes outlined in this section, or as permitted by applicable statutory laws.
3.1.3. Your inquiries sent by email
We appreciate Your queries about VWO Services and welcome Your email messages to mailboxes listed on the Website. We will share Your messages with concerned employees within Our organization that are most capable of addressing the issues contained in Your message. We will keep a copy of Your message until we have had an opportunity to address Your concerns. We may archive Your message for a certain period or discard it, as appropriate or as required by applicable data retention laws.
Users of the Website are neither asked and are simultaneously requested not to provide
sensitive personal information
(personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, or biometric data for uniquely identifying a natural person, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation), through our Website, or VWO Services, Company Official or otherwise.
We can also collect personal information from Users to the Website, including automated information collected in server log files or 3rd party tools (as outlined in section 3.2 below); along with personal information deliberately provided by the Website user through web forms, subscription pages, and other similar means; and personal information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies.
3.1.4. Double Opt-in procedure for EU users
The sign-up to receive our content, newsletters, invitations, and other information takes place in a so-called double opt-in procedure, i.e., after signing up, You will receive an email in which You will be asked to confirm Your registration. The registrations data is logged to be able to verify the registration. This includes Your name, email address, the time of registration and confirmation, and Your IP address.
3.2. Information collected automatically
When You use the Website, We automatically collect Your IP address, traffic source, search keywords, page views, visits, location (aggregated), browser and operating systems (aggregated), device (aggregated), as well as other connection information like time and transferred information (collectively referred to as
“
Automated Information
”
), automatically collected information from You is:
the pages You have accessed on Our Website and the subsequent actions taken on them including clicks, time spent, form fills, sign-ins, purchases, and other browsing events
the Internet Protocol (IP) address that You use to access the Internet
Your device and operating system
preceding page/source from where You reached Our Website
the date and time of Your access
For these purposes, we make accessible and share automated information with our security team (for security and prosecution purposes), supervisory authorities, and qualified personnel (product, marketing, analytics) having access to the tools that are used for collecting and analyzing automated information (Google Analytics and others, see below in sections
“
Google Analytics” and “Marketing automation and customer relationship management (CRM)
.”
We store the information required for security and prosecution purposes on a legitimate interest basis and the information required for product, marketing, and analytics purposes (legitimate interest or where required, by obtaining Your prior consent), for the period necessary to pursue the purposes outlined in this section, or as permitted by statutory applicable laws.
4. How do we use your information?
We use the information collected to provide You with VWO Services requested and to contact You about Your interest in the VWO Services; to verify Your information; and to plan and host corporate webinars, and discussions on online forums, and social networks.
We may also aggregate Your information with data that is separately provided by You on social media and third-party websites, if visible to third parties. We may also use data from Users, Customers, and Attendees for marketing purposes. For example, we may use the information You provide to contact You to further discuss Your interest in the VWO Services and to send You information regarding Wingify, its affiliates, and its partners, such as information about promotions or events.
When We collect information such as Your name or other details about You, it is Our practice to provide You with information on how the information will be used if that is not immediately apparent. When We ask You to provide Your information through a registration page or otherwise, You will have the option to not consent to the use of Your personal information to contact You, in which case You may still be able to access other portions of this website, although You may not be able to access certain sections or services.
Refer to heading 7.
“
How to exercise Your data protection rights
”
for information on Your rights, including the right to
“
opt-out
”
of certain uses of Your information.
5. Legal basis for processing
If You are a visitor from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from You only where we need the personal information to perform a contract with You (e.g. to provide You with VWO Services), where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by Your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have Your consent. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from You.
If we collect and use Your personal information in reliance to our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to You at the relevant time why we need to use Your personal information. If we process personal information in reliance to Your consent, You may withdraw Your consent at any time.
We are required to inform You of the legal basis of our processing of Your personal information, which are described in the table below. If You have questions or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use Your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@vwo.com.
Legal Basis and Purpose for Holding Your Personal Information
Processing  purpose
Legal basis for processing
To provide the Services
If You have a VWO account, we use Your personal information:
to operate, maintain, administer and improve the Service
to manage and communicate with You regarding Your Service account if You have one, including by sending You Service announcements, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
to better understand Your needs and interests, and personalize Your experience with the Service
to process payments, You use to make a purchase on the Service is collected and processed directly by our payment gateway. Payment processor complying with the PCI-DSS and using industry-standard security.
to respond to Your Service-related requests, questions, and feedback.
You have entered a
contract
with us and we need to use Your personal information to provide Services You have requested or take steps that You request prior to providing services.
To create anonymous information
We may create aggregated and other anonymous information from our users’ personal information. We make personal information into anonymous information by removing information that makes the information personally identifiable to You. We may use this anonymous information and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interests
. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on You (both positive and negative) and Your rights before we process Your personal information for our
legitimate interests
. We do not use Your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on You (unless we have Your consent or are otherwise required or permitted by law).
For compliance with the law
We may use Your personal information as we believe appropriate to (a) comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; (b) where permitted by law in connection with a legal investigation; and (c) to prosecute or defend legal claims.
Processing is necessary to comply with our
legal obligations
.
With Your consent
In some cases, we may ask for Your consent to collect, use or share Your personal information, such as when You let us post Your testimonials or endorsements in the Service.
Processing is based on Your
consent
. Where we rely on Your consent You have the right to withdraw it anytime by sending a request to
support@vwo.com
with the word
“
Opt-out
”
or
“
UNSUBSCRIBE
”
in the subject field of the email.
Note
: Even after You opt-out from receiving promotional messages from us, if You have any account for VWO Services, we will still send You non-promotional communications, like service-related emails.
To send You marketing communications
If You request information from us, use the Service or participate in our surveys, promotions or events, we may send You VWO-related marketing communications as permitted by law but will provide You with the ability to opt-out.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interests
. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on You (both positive and negative) and Your rights before we process Your personal information for our
legitimate interests
. We do not use Your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on You (unless we have Your consent or are otherwise required or permitted by law).
To send You updates about VWO Services and blogs, or to otherwise contact You about our services we think may interest You, by email.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interest
– to develop and grow our business and Services and promote VWO.
To better understand how You and others use VWO Services so that we can improve VWO Services, and for other research and analytical purposes.
These processing activities constitute our
legitimate interest
– to ensure that we provide the best services and to develop and grow our business and services and promote VWO.
When we rely upon our legitimate interests for processing Your information, we will balance those interests against Your privacy rights and will not use Your personal information where the impact on You would override Your rights, unless we are otherwise permitted by law to process Your personal information, e.g., where You consent.
6. International Transfers of Personal Information
We do not share Your personal information with third parties, unless it is necessary to carry out Your request, for our legitimate business needs, or as required or permitted by applicable law. Where we do transfer Your personal information to third parties or service providers, appropriate arrangements will be made in order to ensure correct and secure data processing in compliance with applicable data protection law.
We store personal information about  Website visitors and Attendees within the United States and in other countries and territories to facilitate our global operations. Our Content Delivery Network (CDN) runs on IBM Softlayer and Google Cloud Platform; and the servers are spread across 10 locations — Japan, Australia, Singapore, Netherlands, London, Paris, France, Germany and 3 cities in the US to help serve a dynamic request for tests. However, all the Customer Account Data is stored centrally in Washington DC and  Dallas, United States. We may update our data center geography and server locations based on customer requirements or to meet security, compliance and legal requirements. Your personal information may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which You are a resident. Therefore, Your personal information may be processed outside of the EEA and in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission and which may not provide for the same level of data protection as the EEA.
In this event, we will ensure that the recipient of Your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR), or we will ask You for Your prior consent to such international data transfers. We have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of data protection where Your personal information is transferred to countries outside the EEA, such as:
the recipient country has an adequacy decision from the European Commission.
the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal information.
Refer below table as our
adequacy safeguards
details.
Safeguards
Data Processor/ Service Provider
Data Controller/ Business
Further Information
Data Protection Addendum
(Customer/Wingify)
Yes
NA
Refer Data Protection Addendum
Wingify is generally a
data controller /business
when You provide Your data as a User or Attendee, or to register for a Service.
Wingify is generally a
data processor/service provider
when Your company provides VWO with access to personal data originating from Your company, e.g., a file for product support or other Services or data in a SaaS environment.
7. How to Exercise Your Data Protection Rights
We have taken all necessary and appropriate steps to protect Your personal information and ensure Your rights.
Applicable data protection laws give You certain rights regarding Your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to Your personal information that we hold. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.
Please note that limitations may apply to Your ability to exercise these rights, for example, when Your right to obtain the information is found to be overwritten by essential considerations of overriding interests.
Rights of Data Subject
Description
VWO Procedure to handle User Request (DSR)
Right of access
User has the right to request access to the personal information we store and process about them.
We will provide information about our processing of Your personal information and give You access to Your personal information. You can submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to rectification
User have the right to rectification of inaccurate personal information concerning them, including completion of incomplete personal information.
We will provide information about our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
User has the right to the erasure of personal information.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to restrict processing
Users have the right to restrict our processing of personal information.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to data portability
Users have the right to receive the personal information in structured, commonly used, and readable format. Users have the right to transmit this personal information to a third party without hindrance from us, if technically possible.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to object
Users have the right to object at any time to our processing of personal information. For example, if Users have requested to receive information from us, e.g.newsletters, but do not wish to receive further information, data subjects can easily opt-out of receiving further information from us.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
As a rule, Users have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including Your, which produces legal effects or affects them significantly. This does not apply if among other things automated decision-making and profiling are necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract between You and us.
We will provide information about
our processing of Your personal
information and give You access to
Your personal information. You can
submit these requests by email to
support@vwo.com
.
We may request specific information from You to help us confirm Your identity and process Your request.
Right to withdraw consent
As a rule, If the processing of Your personal information is based on Your consent at any time by unsubscribing from an email or sending us an email.
Please note that this does not affect the processing of Your personal information prior to the withdrawal of Your consent.
If the processing of Your personal
information is based on Your consent,
You may withdraw Your consent at
any time by unsubscribing from an
email or sending us an email to
support@vwo.com
.
Please note that this does not affect
the processing of Your personal
information prior to the withdrawal
of Your consent.
Exercising Your rights
If You want to exercise any of Your rights as described above or have any questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to
privacy@vwo.com
.
Filing of a complaint
If You wish to file a complaint regarding our processing of Your personal data, You can choose to file a complaint to a supervisory Data Protection Authority.
What other rights do You have in connection with the personal information collects?
What choices do You have?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some
information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some
of our features.
Cookies
You can set or amend Your web browser controls to accept or reject cookies.
If You reject cookies, You may still use the  Website and VWO Services;
however, Your access to some functionalities and areas of the Website or
VWO Services may be severely restricted.
Learn more by reading our
Cookies Notice
.
Opt-out of Marketing Communications
We offer those who provide (Users, Customers, and Attendees) personal contact information a means to choose how we use the information provided. You may manage Your receipt of marketing or promotional and non-transactional communications by clicking on the
“
unsubscribe
”
link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or You may send a request to
support@vwo.com
with the word
“
UNSUBSCRIBE
”
in the subject field of the email. You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications from us by using this unsubscribe link within each email. Even after You opt-out from receiving promotional messages from us, if You have any account for VWO Services, we will still send You non-promotional communications, like service-related emails.
Stop sending You marketing communications. You may continue to receive Service-related and other non-marketing communications.
What if I have questions about this policy?
If You have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please send us a detailed message to
privacy@vwo.com
, and we will try to resolve Your concerns.
8. What are our security and confidentiality levels for your Information?
We follow security by design baked into our services to protect Your information
We back ourselves up with robust data security and privacy practices that form an integral part of our product engineering and service delivery principles. Security is at the heart of how we build our products and process Your data to provide high resiliency. We have top-down governance and security in our DNA that lets us constantly wade through our threat vectors and calibrate to strengthen our security posture. That way, we align with the changing business and technology landscape.
We have implemented appropriate organizational, technical, administrative and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, integrity, and privacy of Personal Information and Customer Account Data within our organization.
We invest heavily in security to ensure we meet or exceed industry standards, applicable regulations, and our customer’s expectations. Refer to Annexure 2 of
Data Protection Addendum
and
VWO Data Security
for detail security measures. These safeguards will include, but will not be limited to, measures to safeguard and secure Your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption, pseudonymization, anonymization, least access privileges principle. If You have any questions about the security of Your information, You can contact us at
support@vwo.com
.
We regularly engage third-party assessors to examine our security policies, procedures, technologies, and controls to validate that our Information Security and Cybersecurity Program is designed and operating effectively. Wingify has comprehensive security and privacy assessments and certifications performed to ensure the security by design of the processing, details of which can be found at
https://vwo.com/compliance/
9. Information Retention
How long we keep the personal information we collect depends on the type of information, the purpose for which it is used and similar factors. In general, we will retain Your personal information for the length of time reasonably needed to fulfill the purpose outlined in this privacy policy (including for a long as needed to provide You or our customers with products and services), unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We will also retain and use Your information for long as necessary to resolve disputes and/or enforce our rights and agreements. Non-personally identifiable and aggregated information may be stored for a longer duration.
10. What are our practices regarding cookies?
Cookies are small files stored on Your computer and are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a User. We place cookies in a User’s/Customer’s browser to identify the User/Customer. If You do not wish to provide any information through cookies to us You may choose not to use the VWO services. We may also collect and store information locally on Your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage.
Cookies Consent Manager: We provide all information regarding third-party cookies through our cookie consent manager on the Website.
The detailed Cookies categories and practices are described in our
Cookies Notice
.
We have entered into data processing agreements as required with third-party recipients to protect Your personal information and interests. In these data processing agreements, the service providers undertake measures to protect the data of our users, to process it on our behalf in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations and, in particular, not to pass the information on to third parties. We thus ensure that Your information is processed at a level of applicable data protection that corresponds to the level of data protection in the EU/European Economic Area and other areas.
11. How we collect and share your personal information?
We do not share or
“
sell
”
the personal information that You provide us with other organizations without Your express consent, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
How we collected information
from Other Sources
Social Media Widgets
The Websites include social media features, such as the “Facebook Like” button, and widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Websites. These features may collect Your Internet protocol address, which page You are visiting on the Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the companies that provide them.
Referrals
If You choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our products and services, we will ask You for Your friend’s name and email address. You must only provide Your friend’s name and email address if You have a reasonable belief, they will not object to us contacting them. If You do, We will automatically send Your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the Websites and will store this information for the purpose of sending this initial email, tracking the success of our referral program and other marketing activities. Your referral may contact us at
support@vwo.com
to request that we remove his/her information from our database.
How we share Your personal information
Business Partners
We may disclose Your personal information to our subsidiaries and business partners to offer its services and may also jointly host event and webinars with partners.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf (such as hosting events & webinars, email delivery and database management services). These third parties are permitted to use Your personal information only to perform these tasks in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Payment gateway
We may share Your payment information to process Your payments.
Professional advisors
We may disclose Your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services they render to us.
Law Enforcement Agencies; Protection and Safety
We may disclose Your personal information as we believe appropriate to government or law enforcement officials or private parties (a) for the security, compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above; (b) as required by law, lawful requests or legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; (c) where permitted by law in connection with any legal investigation; and (d) to prosecute or defend legal claims.
Court/Government Agencies/Regulatory Authorities
We may disclose information if required to do so by law in order to (for example) respond to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, a court or a government agency, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary (a) to comply with a legal obligation, (b) to protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of third parties, (c) to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the services, (d) to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of customers, their users or the public; or (e) to protect against legal liability.
Website Users
From time to time, we may post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. We obtain Your consent to post Your name along with Your testimonial. If You wish to update or delete Your testimonial, You can contact us at
support@vwo.com
.
Third Parties
We may also share personal information with third parties when we have Your consent to do so.
In addition, we may be required to disclose any personal information that we process in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet applicable national security or law enforcement requirements.
12. Notice to Users of our Customers and End Users of Websites
i. Users of our Customers Websites and VWO Services
:
When our customers use the VWO  Services as part of their own websites, apps, and services, they may collect information from You using our services, but they remain responsible for their own privacy and security practices. We are not responsible for our customers privacy and security practices, which may differ from ours. If You have used one of our customers websites or services, and You would like to access, correct or delete the personal information collected through that services, You should direct Your request to the applicable customer.
Please see “
Opt-out of VWO Services Tracking
” and “
Opt-out from Tracking in VWO Engage
” page. Or
“
Opt-out of VWO
”
ii.
Users of VWO Services
:
The VWO Services are primarily intended for use by organizations. Where the VWO Services are made available to You through an organization (such as Your employer), that organization is responsible for administering the accounts over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct Your information privacy and security questions and requests to Your administrator. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of Your administrator’s organization, which may be different than this policy.
13. Children’s Information
We don’t knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If You are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Websites or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the Website or VWO Services without their permission. If You have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through the Website or VWO Services, please contact us at
privacy@vwo.com
, and we will delete that information.
14. Data Protection Officer and Grievance officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer and Grievance Officer for you to contact if you have any questions, concerns or grievances about processing of your personal and our data protection policies or practices.
Name of the Data Protection Officer and Grievance Officer – Keshav Kumar
Email ID –
privacy@vwo.com
15. EU Representative and UK Representative
We have nominated local representative in the European Union and United Kingdom in compliance with Article 27 of EU GDPR and UK GDPR.
Contact info for our EU GDPR representative:
Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
C/O Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd.
Colmantstraße 15
53115 Bonn
Germany
Email:
art-27-rep-wingify@rickert.law
Contact info for our UK GDPR representative:
Rickert Services Ltd UK
C/O Wingify Software Pvt. Ltd.
PO Box 1487
Peterborough
PE1 9XX
United Kingdom
Email:
art-27-rep-wingify@rickert-services.uk
16. Compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF
Wingify complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Wingify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Wingify has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Adherence to Privacy Principles
Wingify adheres to the following principles under these frameworks:
Notice: We provide clear, transparent, and detailed information about how personal data is collected, used, and shared.
Choice: We offer individuals the ability to opt-out of data collection, processing, or sharing where applicable.
Accountability for Onward Transfers: We ensure that any onward transfer of personal data complies with the applicable DPF principles.
Security: We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or disclosure.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation: We ensure that personal data is relevant, accurate, and processed for specified, legitimate purposes.
Access and Rectification: Individuals can access their personal data, and where necessary, correct, update, or delete inaccuracies.
Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability: We provide robust mechanisms to ensure compliance and resolve disputes.
Investigatory and Enforcement Powers of the FTC
Wingify is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) regarding compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles.
Binding Arbitration Option
Under certain conditions, individuals may invoke binding arbitration for unresolved privacy complaints in accordance with Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework Principles. Wingify is obligated to arbitrate such claims and comply with the terms outlined in Annex I, provided that the individual has followed the required procedures.
Liability for Onward Transfers
Wingify remains responsible and liable under the Data Privacy Framework Principles if personal data is transferred to third-party service providers that process such data on our behalf, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
17. Data Protection Authorities and Dispute Resolution
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Wingify commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, VWO is committed to resolving complaints about our collection or use of personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our practices can contact the Data Protection Officer and
privacy@vwo.com
and In case of any non-satisfactory response/resolution, individuals can escalate their concern to the relevant Supervisory Authority.
Deliver great experiences. Grow faster, starting today.
Start Free Trial
Start Free Trial
Request Demo
Request Demo
Scroll To Top
Signup for a full-featured trial
Free for
30
days. No credit card required
Business Email
Invalid Email
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Start Now
Set up your password to get started
Business Email
*
Invalid Email
First Name
*
Invalid First Name
Last Name
*
Invalid Last Name
Phone Number
*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Invalid Phone Number
Password
*
Password
show
Your password must have:
8 or more characters
Upper & lowercase letters
A number or special character
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Create Account
VWO is setting up your account
We've sent a message to
yourmail@domain.com
with instructions to verify your account.
Can't find the mail?
Check your spam, junk or secondary inboxes.
Still can't find it? Let us know at
support@vwo.com
*
*
Submit
*
Business Email:
*
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Phone Number:
*
Demo Request:
Yes
No
*
Submit
Let's talk
Talk to a sales representative
World Wide
+1 415-349-3207
You can also email us at
support@vwo.com
Get in touch
First Name:
*
Invalid First Name
Last Name:
*
Invalid Last Name
Business Email:
*
Invalid Email
Phone Number:
*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Invalid Phone Number
Nature of enquiry:
*
Sales enquiry
Technical support
Other
Invalid select enquiry
Message:
*
Invalid message
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Submit
Thank you for writing to us!
One of our representatives will get in touch with you shortly.
*
First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Business Email:
*
Phone Number
*
Message
*
VWO/Frictionless Commerce can send relevant emails until I unsubscribe
Submit
Awesome! Your meeting is confirmed for
at
Thank you,
for sharing your details.
Hi 👋 Let's schedule your demo
To begin, tell us a bit about yourself
First Name*
Invalid First Name
Last Name*
Invalid Last Name
Business Email*
Invalid Email
Phone Number*
Afghanistan
+93
Albania
+355
Algeria
+213
American Samoa
+1
Andorra
+376
Angola
+244
Anguilla
+1
Antigua & Barbuda
+1
Argentina
+54
Armenia
+374
Aruba
+297
Ascension Island
+247
Australia
+61
Austria
+43
Azerbaijan
+994
Bahamas
+1
Bahrain
+973
Bangladesh
+880
Barbados
+1
Belarus
+375
Belgium
+32
Belize
+501
Benin
+229
Bermuda
+1
Bhutan
+975
Bolivia
+591
Bosnia & Herzegovina
+387
Botswana
+267
Brazil
+55
British Indian Ocean Territory
+246
British Virgin Islands
+1
Brunei
+673
Bulgaria
+359
Burkina Faso
+226
Burundi
+257
Cambodia
+855
Cameroon
+237
Canada
+1
Cape Verde
+238
Caribbean Netherlands
+599
Cayman Islands
+1
Central African Republic
+236
Chad
+235
Chile
+56
China
+86
Christmas Island
+61
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
+61
Colombia
+57
Comoros
+269
Congo - Brazzaville
+242
Congo - Kinshasa
+243
Cook Islands
+682
Costa Rica
+506
Croatia
+385
Cuba
+53
Curaçao
+599
Cyprus
+357
Czech Republic
+420
Côte d’Ivoire
+225
Denmark
+45
Djibouti
+253
Dominica
+1
Dominican Republic
+1
Ecuador
+593
Egypt
+20
El Salvador
+503
Equatorial Guinea
+240
Eritrea
+291
Estonia
+372
Eswatini
+268
Ethiopia
+251
Falkland Islands
+500
Faroe Islands
+298
Fiji
+679
Finland
+358
France
+33
French Guiana
+594
French Polynesia
+689
Gabon
+241
Gambia
+220
Georgia
+995
Germany
+49
Ghana
+233
Gibraltar
+350
Greece
+30
Greenland
+299
Grenada
+1
Guadeloupe
+590
Guam
+1
Guatemala
+502
Guernsey
+44
Guinea
+224
Guinea-Bissau
+245
Guyana
+592
Haiti
+509
Honduras
+504
Hong Kong
+852
Hungary
+36
Iceland
+354
India
+91
Indonesia
+62
Iran
+98
Iraq
+964
Ireland
+353
Isle of Man
+44
Israel
+972
Italy
+39
Jamaica
+1
Japan
+81
Jersey
+44
Jordan
+962
Kazakhstan
+7
Kenya
+254
Kiribati
+686
Kosovo
+383
Kuwait
+965
Kyrgyzstan
+996
Laos
+856
Latvia
+371
Lebanon
+961
Lesotho
+266
Liberia
+231
Libya
+218
Liechtenstein
+423
Lithuania
+370
Luxembourg
+352
Macau
+853
Madagascar
+261
Malawi
+265
Malaysia
+60
Maldives
+960
Mali
+223
Malta
+356
Marshall Islands
+692
Martinique
+596
Mauritania
+222
Mauritius
+230
Mayotte
+262
Mexico
+52
Micronesia
+691
Moldova
+373
Monaco
+377
Mongolia
+976
Montenegro
+382
Montserrat
+1
Morocco
+212
Mozambique
+258
Myanmar (Burma)
+95
Namibia
+264
Nauru
+674
Nepal
+977
Netherlands
+31
New Caledonia
+687
New Zealand
+64
Nicaragua
+505
Niger
+227
Nigeria
+234
Niue
+683
Norfolk Island
+672
North Korea
+850
North Macedonia
+389
Northern Mariana Islands
+1
Norway
+47
Oman
+968
Pakistan
+92
Palau
+680
Palestine
+970
Panama
+507
Papua New Guinea
+675
Paraguay
+595
Peru
+51
Philippines
+63
Poland
+48
Portugal
+351
Puerto Rico
+1
Qatar
+974
Romania
+40
Russia
+7
Rwanda
+250
Réunion
+262
Samoa
+685
San Marino
+378
Saudi Arabia
+966
Senegal
+221
Serbia
+381
Seychelles
+248
Sierra Leone
+232
Singapore
+65
Sint Maarten
+1
Slovakia
+421
Slovenia
+386
Solomon Islands
+677
Somalia
+252
South Africa
+27
South Korea
+82
South Sudan
+211
Spain
+34
Sri Lanka
+94
St Barthélemy
+590
St Helena
+290
St Kitts & Nevis
+1
St Lucia
+1
St Martin
+590
St Pierre & Miquelon
+508
St Vincent & Grenadines
+1
Sudan
+249
Suriname
+597
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
+47
Sweden
+46
Switzerland
+41
Syria
+963
São Tomé & Príncipe
+239
Taiwan
+886
Tajikistan
+992
Tanzania
+255
Thailand
+66
Timor-Leste
+670
Togo
+228
Tokelau
+690
Tonga
+676
Trinidad & Tobago
+1
Tunisia
+216
Turkey
+90
Turkmenistan
+993
Turks & Caicos Islands
+1
Tuvalu
+688
US Virgin Islands
+1
Uganda
+256
Ukraine
+380
United Arab Emirates
+971
United Kingdom
+44
United States
+1
Uruguay
+598
Uzbekistan
+998
Vanuatu
+678
Vatican City
+39
Venezuela
+58
Vietnam
+84
Wallis & Futuna
+681
Western Sahara
+212
Yemen
+967
Zambia
+260
Zimbabwe
+263
Åland Islands
+358
Invalid Phone Number
I agree to VWO's
Privacy Policy
&
Terms
Get a Demo
Confirm
schedule later
*
*
*
*
*
*
Implicit Opt-In:
*
Monthly Unique Visitor:
Select...
Under 10,000
10,001 to 30,000
30,001 to 50,000
More than 50,000
*
Get exclusive demo of “VWO Insights for Mobile Apps” with a 90-day free trial. Understand your app users and find growth opportunities.
Submit
While we will deliver a demo that covers the entire VWO platform, please share a few details for us to
personalize the demo for you.
Select the capabilities that you would like us to emphasise on during the demo.
Mobile App Heatmaps
Mobile App Session Recordings
A/B Testing
Split Testing
Surveys
Multivariate Testing
Multi-Arm Bandit Testing
Personalization
Form Analysis
Funnel Analysis
Mobile App Testing
Server Side Testing
Web Session Recordings
Web Heatmaps
Rollouts/Deploy
User Segmentation
Feature Management
Next
Skip
Back
Which of these sounds like you?
I am new to using optimization & experimentation products.
I have used other optimization & experimentation products.
I have used VWO in the past and know the space well.
Next
Skip
Back
Please share the use cases, goals or needs that you are trying to solve.
Next
Skip
Back
Please provide your website URL or links to your application.
We will come prepared with a demo environment for this specific website or application.
Website URL
Invalid URL
Application URL
Invalid URL
Finish
,  you're all set to experience the VWO demo.
I can't wait to meet you on
at
Account Executive
, thank you for sharing the details. Your dedicated VWO representative,  will be in touch shortly to set up a time for this demo.
We're satisfied and glad we picked VWO. We're getting the ROI from our experiments.
Christoffer Kjellberg
CRO Manager
VWO has been so helpful in our optimization efforts. Testing opportunities are endless and it has allowed us to easily identify, set up, and run multiple tests at a time.
Elizabeth Levitan
Digital Optimization Specialist
As the project manager for our experimentation process, I love how the functionality of VWO allows us to get up and going quickly but also gives us the flexibility to be more complex with our testing.
Tara Rowe
Marketing Technology Manager
You don't need a website development background to make VWO work for you. The VWO support team is amazing
Elizabeth Romanski
Consumer Marketing & Analytics Manager
Trusted by thousands of leading brands
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. You can control how we use cookies by clicking on Cookie Settings. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Cookie Settings
Allow Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
VWO website may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with VWO, including providing you with more relevant advertising. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our website and the services we are able to offer.
Read more about VWO cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
Any cookie that helps us understand user behavior and thus improve site performance eg. analytics, heatmap, ab testing, etc.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalization and remembering your saved preferences.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
It is also important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Website, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have clicked on).  As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Website and advertising more relevant to your interests.  Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel