Your current browser does not have JavaScript enabled or you are using a browser that does not support JavaScript. In order to use Xoom.com, you must enable JavaScript or use a browser that supports JavaScript.
PayPal Privacy Statements
Print Page
These additional legal agreements are for users in each country or region:
Austria (English)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Belgium (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Canada (English)
Canada (en français)
Czech Republic (English)
Česká republika (čeština)
Denmark (English)
Danmark (dansk)
Finland (English)
France (English)
France (français)
Germany (English)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
Greece (English)
Ελλάδα (Ελληνικά)
Hungary (English)
Magyarország (magyar)
Italy (English)
Italia (Italiano)
Luxembourg (English)
Netherlands (English)
Nederland (Nederlands)
Norway (English)
Norge (norsk bokmål)
Poland (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (English)
Portugal (português)
Romania (English)
România (Română)
Slovakia (English)
Slovensko (slovenčina)
Spain (English)
España (español)
Sweden (English)
Sverige (svenska)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Unless otherwise stated within, the following legal agreements apply to users in European Union countries (except Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain), Liechtenstein and San Marino:
European Union (English)
European Union - Send Only (English)
These following legal agreements apply to users in Asia Pacific, certain European and Latin American countries, Middle East and Africa:
Other Countries (English)
Other Countries (Spanish)
THIS DOES NOT APPLY IF YOU RESIDE IN THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC. It is the express wish of the parties that these terms and any directly or indirectly related documents be drawn up in English. Any translation of this User Agreement or the Privacy Policy is provided solely for your convenience and is not intended to modify the terms of this User Agreement or Privacy Policy. In the event of a conflict between the English version of this User Agreement or Privacy Policy and a version in a language other than English, the English version shall control.
Les parties ont exprimé la volonté expresse que les présentes modalités et tous les documents s’y rattachant directement ou indirectement soient rédigés en anglais. Toute traduction de ces conditions d’utilisation est uniquement fournie pour votre commodité et ne vise pas à modifier les modalités de ces conditions d’utilisation. En cas de conflit entre la version en anglais de ces conditions d’utilisation et une version dans une langue autre que l’anglais, la version en anglais prévaudra.
If you reside in the province of Quebec, it is the express wish of the parties that these terms and any directly or indirectly related documents be drawn up in French. Any translation of this User Agreement or the Privacy Policy is provided solely for your convenience and is not intended to modify the terms of this User Agreement or Privacy Policy. In the event of a conflict between the French version of this User Agreement or Privacy Policy and a version in a language other than French, the French version shall control.
If you accept cookies, we’ll use them to improve and customize your experience and enable our partners to show you personalized ads when you visit other sites.
Manage cookies and learn more
Accept
Decline