Privacy Policy
Pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679)
Dear Data Subject, According to the aforementioned law, our data processing will be based on the principles of correctness, lawfulness, transparency and protection of your privacy and your rights.
Pursuant to Article 13 of the GDPR 2016/679, we hereby provide the following information:
Processing referred to in the policy:
Website
The following are the categories of "data subjects":
Customers
The following are the categories of "recipients":
Employees and collaborators of Tuscan Chef
These are the fields covered:
Database: Customers (personal data, contact details)
The data is processed in these ways:
Electronically and on paper
The purposes of the data processing:
The company Tuscan Chef, through the "Website" processing, processes the aforementioned data for the collection and management of contact/purchase requests sent through the company website https://www.tuscan-chef.com
The company Tuscan Chef, through the "Marketing Management" processing, processes the aforementioned data to send promotions regarding the various types of products offered.
This processing includes traditional and unconventional marketing activities, telemarketing, commercial information, sending advertising material or carrying out market research, direct sales activities or interactive commercial communications on products, services and other activities of the Data Controller, and refers to any product already active at the time of subscription or activated in the future.
The provision of data is optional, and the lack of consent for such processing affects the performance of the activities described above.
The data subject may revoke their consent at any time and/or oppose the processing of their data for marketing purposes through the appropriate link in any promotional communication sent or by contacting the Data Controller directly.
The Data Controller guarantees to the data subjects that the data will only be processed for the stated purpose and only to the extent strictly necessary for processing. It also undertakes, within the limits of reasonableness, to modify and correct all data that subsequently proves to have been modified from that received originally, to keep it updated and to delete all data exceeding the declared processing.
The processing follows the following criteria of lawfulness:
Consent of the data subject
For the following reasons: the company Tuscan Chef declares that this "Website" processing is carried out following the provision of consent by the data subject during the completion of the contact form on the website https://www.tuscan-chef.com
Article 8 (data concerning minors):
No data concerning minors is processed in the "Website" and "Marketing Management" processing.
Article 9 (other categories of special data):
Health, biometric and judicial data are not processed in the "Website" and "Marketing Management" processing.
Duration of the processing:
The "Website" processing has an indefinite duration: the company
Tuscan Chef
declares the "Website" and "Marketing Management" processing with an indefinite date as it will continue to be kept active in order to continue its main business activity in compliance with current law.
The Data Controller ensures that the data subjects can be assured that, once the purposes of this processing have been achieved and the maximum storage periods provided for by law (10 years) have elapsed, the data will be deleted.
Profiling:
The processing does not concern automated or profiling processes.
Transfer of data for this processing:
Data is not transferred to non-EU countries.
Data Controller:
Alessandro Piccinini
(info@tuscan-chef.com)
Rights of the data subjects:
You have the right to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of your data, to know its content and origin, verify its accuracy, or request its integration, updating, or rectification at any time. You have the right to request the erasure, transformation into an anonymous form or the blocking of data processed in violation of the law, as well as, in any case, to oppose their processing for legitimate reasons. Requests must be addressed to the Data Controller: Tuscan Chef – Via Umberto I, 140 - 53020  - Montisi - Siena  - tel. +39 392 0818641  - P.I.01309970521  - email info@tuscan-chef.com
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the privacy authority if the data controller does not respond to your requests. The GDPR EU Regulation 2016/679 recognises the following specific rights for the data subject
:
Right of access (art. 15);
Right to rectification (art. 16);
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten) (art. 17);
Right to restriction of processing (art. 18);
Right to be notified in the event of rectification or erasure of data or restriction of processing (art. 19);
Right to data portability (art. 20);
Right to object (art. 21);
Right to automated decision-making, including profiling (art. 22)
You may at any time submit a complaint to the Supervisory Authority of the Italian Data Protection Authority by registered letter with return receipt addressed to:
Garante per la protezione dei dati personali, Piazza Venezia 11, 00186, Rome
Or by certified email (PEC) addressed to:
protocollo@pec.gpdp.it
Last modified:
24 October 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.garanteprivacy.it/web/guest/home/autorita:
Salta direttamente al contenuto
Navigazione
Salta al contenuto
Il Garante
Home
L'Autorità
Il Garante
Il Garante
Ascolta
Menù azioni
Stampa
PDF
e-mail
facebook
linkedin
twitter
Ascolta
Stampa
PDF
Condivisione
e-mail
facebook
linkedin
twitter
Il
Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
è un'autorità amministrativa indipendente istituita dalla cosiddetta legge sulla privacy (
legge 31 dicembre 1996, n. 675
), poi disciplinata dal Codice in materia di protezione dei dati personali (
d.lg. 30 giugno 2003 n. 196
), come modificato dal
Decreto legislativo 10 agosto 2018, n. 101
. Quest’ultimo ha confermato che il Garante è l’autorità di controllo designata anche ai fini dell’attuazione del
Regolamento generale sulla protezione dei dati personali (UE) 2016/679
(art. 51).
SEDE
Piazza Venezia n. 11 - 00187 Roma
www.garanteprivacy.it
Centralino telefonico: (+39) 06.696771
Fax: (+39) 06.69677.3785
Posta elettronica:
protocollo@gpdp.it
Posta elettronica certificata:
protocollo@pec.gpdp.it
(questo indirizzo è configurato per ricevere SOLO comunicazioni provenienti da posta elettronica certificata)
Collegio
Pasquale Stanzione - Presidente del Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
Ginevra Cerrina Feroni - Vice Presidente del Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
Agostino Ghiglia - Componente del Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
Guido Scorza - Componente del Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
L'Autorità
Il Garante
Il Garante
Collegio
L'ufficio
Compiti
Regolamenti interni
Codice etico
Attività
Attività
Relazioni annuali
Audizioni, memorie e note istituzionali
Segnalazioni al Parlamento e al Governo
Convegni, eventi, patrocinio
Formazione
Protocolli e convenzioni
Attività internazionali
Sistema d'Informazione Schengen (SIS)
Sistema di informazione visti (VIS)
Registro dei codici di condotta