Privacy Protection Policy
1. Why do we need to develop a privacy protection policy?
QiYo Creative Network
                    Technology Co.,
                    Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "QiYo", "the company", "we" or "us") is committed to protecting and
                    respecting the privacy of your personal data and complying with relevant laws and regulations for
                    the protection of privacy and personal data.
                    When you use this application (hereinafter referred to as the "app"), this website (hereinafter
                    referred to as the "website"), and the services provided by this application and this website
                    (hereinafter referred to as "services"),
                    we may collect, process, use and disclose your information. When this "Privacy Protection Policy"
                    uses "you" and "your", it includes anyone who uses this application and/or accesses this website or
                    uses services.
                    This "Privacy Protection Policy" sets out that Qiyo collects, processes, uses and/or exposes the
                    information we obtain from you when you use this application and/or access this website and/or use
                    the service. Such information may include personal data associated with a specific individual, such
                    as name, profile picture, email address, nickname, user name, password, and phone number
                    (hereinafter referred to as "personal data").
                    Regardless of whether the user has already registered as a member, please read all the contents of
                    this "Privacy Protection Policy" carefully, and pay attention to all changes on this website at any
                    time.
                    Your use of this application and/or visit to this website means that you agree to the relevant
                    provisions of this "Privacy Protection Policy" regarding the collection, processing, use and
                    disclosure of your personal data.
2. Scope of terms
Qiyo reserves the right to update, revise or amend the terms or any part of this "Privacy Protection
                    Policy" without prior notice. If you continue to use this application and/or access this website or
                    use the service, it means you accept the update , Revised or revised "Privacy Protection Policy". If
                    you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this "Privacy Protection Policy",
                    And/or content that is updated, revised or revised in the future, you must stop accessing or
                    otherwise use this application, this website and services.
So, if you wish to access and view the current version of the "Privacy Policy", please
                    continue reading this page.
The scope of application of this policy is all personal data handled and managed by the
                    company, including personal data collected when using this application and/or accessing this
                    website or using the service, and cooperation with related companies and vendors. This policy does not apply to companies other than our company, nor does it
                    apply to people who are not employed or managed by our company.
3. Data collection
When you use this application and/or this website, we may collect your personal information that you
                    provide to us, and information about how you use this application and/or this website, including
                    when you create a user account (hereinafter referred to as "User account"), visit this website, or
                    use the service.
Create your user account
When you create a user account on this application and/or this website, or revise any information
                        about your user account, we may collect your personal information, such as your name, profile
                        picture, email address, nickname, user name, password and phone number.
Use the service
When you use this application and/or visit this website, or use the service, we may collect
                            and process certain information (which may contain your personal data, or may contain
                            non-personally identifiable information but will be linked to your personal data),
                            Including, but not limited to, the content of the communication between you and us and
                            between you and other businesses (whether through email, instant messaging, private
                            communication or other means).
The details of your use of this website (including traffic data, address
                            data, and the length of time the user has used it).
For service-related surveys conducted by Qiyo and communications
                            published, circulated and distributed by Qiyo, your comments and responses.
The company’s server or the company’s third-party service provider’s server automatically
                            collects and stores information when you use this application and/or access this website
                            (including the login name and password of your user account, your computer’s Internet
                            Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser information, pages visited, websites visited
                            before or after).
4. Data storage and security maintenance
The personal data and other data we collect from you may be transferred to our company’s server or
                    the company’s third-party service provider’s server to process and store.
Qiyo will make reasonable efforts to maintain appropriate physical, electronic and
                    organizational procedures to ensure that your personal data and other data are processed safely and
                    in compliance with this "Privacy Protection Policy", the company will also prevent such
                    information from unauthorized access, or unauthorized modification, disclosure or destruction.
After we receive your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to
                    try to prevent unauthorized access by others. However, Qiyo does not declare, guarantee or promise
                    that the personal data you provide to us will be safe at all times, and if Qiyo has fulfilled its
                    obligations, you will suffer or produce due to unauthorized access or use of your personal data.
                    Qiyo shall not be liable for any loss, damage, cost and expense of the company under any
                    circumstances.
All payment transactions performed by us or the third-party payment processing service
                    provider of our choice will be encrypted using online encryption technology. You must be responsible
                    for keeping the password you choose confidential and not telling any third party your password.
When the purpose of personal data collection disappears or the retention period expires, the
                    company will take the initiative or at the request of the parties to delete, stop processing or use
                    the relevant personal data.
In the event of a personal information incident that violates the "Personal Data Protection
                    Law" or related regulations, the company will immediately initiate emergency notification and
                    response operations, and deal with follow-up matters in accordance with relevant laws and
                    regulations, and notify you immediately after investigation .
5. Data usage
Qiyo will not sell or rent your personal data to a third party, unless your written consent or
                    special provisions of the law, the company will never provide your personal data to a third party or
                    use it for other than the purpose of collection, such as marketing purposes, etc.
When you use this application and/or use this website or purchase services, Qiyo will
                    collect your data and other data, and use these data to create your user account, provide you with
                    services, continue to improve this application, this website and services, and contact you for
                    service-related matters.
We use your personal data or other information for the purpose of achieving faster purchase
                    requests, providing better customer support services, and real-time notification of new services and
                    product offers and personalized offers.
We may also use your personal information to contact you from time to time, inviting you to
                    provide your comments after using this application and/or this website to help us improve this
                    application and/or this website, or if you have indicated that you agree to receive special offers
                    or promotions. We may also provide you with such information. If you do not wish to receive
                    notifications of special offers or promotions, you can reply to us through the links on these
                    notifications and let us know that you do not wish to receive these notifications anymore.
You agree that when using the service, the information provided and used is legal and does
                    not infringe the rights of third parties, violate third-party agreements or involve any illegal
                    acts. In the event of damage to a third party due to the use of the service, the company will not be
                    liable for compensation, except for intentional or gross negligence of the company.
6. Information disclosure
From time to time, we may share and disclose your personal data and other information to third
                    parties, some of which may be located outside of your country. The circumstances under which we will
                    share and expose include the following, but not limited to the following:
In order to successfully complete the service you have purchased, or to implement our
                                "Terms of Use" in other ways.
Share with third-party service providers (including Google Analytics) that we hire to
                                perform certain services on our behalf, such as web host management, data analysis,
                                marketing, market research, and other customer services provided to you.
Any applicable law, court order, or government agency requires disclosure of information.
In the case of corporate transactions, if the company conducts a sale, merger,
                                acquisition, or other corporate reorganization, your personal data may
                                be exposed, shared or transferred to a legal entity with control, or authorized third parties who come to perform the company’s business; when the aforementioned
                                situation occurs, Qiyo will make an announcement on the service webpage before the
                                transfer of the member’s personal data.
In order to protect the rights and property of Qiyo, it is provided to our consultants,
                                agents or other related persons.
When your behavior on this website violates Qiyo’s terms of service, may damage or hinder
                                the rights and interests of Qiyo, or cause damage to anyone, if it is necessary to
                                identify, contact or take legal action, Qiyo will analyze and expose your personal data,
                                and submit it to relevant units for subsequent processing.
In any other case, to any third party with your prior written consent.
7. Link page
The pages of this website may provide Internet links to other websites. If you enter the link, these
                    links may cause you to leave this website and/or be taken to other third-party websites. You should
                    note that any personal information you provide to these third-party websites is not regulated by
                    this "Privacy Protection Policy". Therefore, you are subject to or suffer from or allow these
                    third-party websites to obtain personal information or other information. Qiyo is not responsible
                    for any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred. It is recommended that you review the company's
                    privacy policy before providing your personal information.
8. Data Access and Correction
You can access and correct your personal information through this application and/or this website,
                    or send an email to the customer service center to request access or correction of your information.
                    When processing data access or correction requests, we have the right to check the identity of the
                    requester to ensure that the person has the right to request data access or correction.
You can exercise the following rights:
Request for inquiry or viewing
Request to make a copy
Request for supplement or correction
Request to stop collecting, processing and using
Request deletion
The exercise method and charging method are in accordance with the company's regulations, and the
                        company will promptly deal with your request after receiving your request. If you choose not to
                        provide personal information, or request the company to stop using or delete your personal
                        information, the company may no longer be able to provide services within the scope of this
                        service.
9. Use of Cookies
In order to provide you with a more complete and personalized service and to facilitate future
                    identification, this website may use cookies
                    to record and analyze user behavior, this record can identify the user, for example, perform
                    different actions based on the specific type of data you prefer. You can decide whether to allow the
                    use of cookie technology by setting your personal computer or internet device, but if you turn off
                    cookies, it may cause inconvenience or restriction of some functions when you use this website.
10. Amendment of privacy policy
The company will update the privacy policy from time to time and follow local privacy laws and
                    regulations. If you have any questions about this "Privacy Protection Policy" or our company's
                    personal data protection policy, please contact us via email at
service@qiyogame.com
.
The last update on May 20, 2021