DRIVING THE HAULAGE INDUSTRY IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION THROUGH TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION
The Motorway Buddy driver friendly compliance management application enables real time visibility of your drivers daily walk around checks, aiding drivers in finding the nearest truck stop, accident reporting, safe-loading procedures, UK border force checks, safe parking checklists and a crime reporting tool that assists in building a freight crime hotspot map of the United Kingdom.
SIGNUP AS A COMPANY
Already Member?
Login
Why Us?
Start your 30-day free trial
Driver Friendly Mobile App
Motorway buddy app offers daily compliance checks accessible via our portal. Find suitable truck stops from our vast list around you showing real time parking availability and facilities each stop has to offer.
Haulage Portal
A guaranteed way for you as a company to track your drivers data in real time. Our haulage portals provides the ability to monitor and manage your fleet closely and accurately.
Freight Crime Hotspot Map
A collaboration between Motorway Buddy, the TT Club Mutual Insurance Company and the UK Police has brought together the first freight crime hotspot map of the UK showing recent incidents in your area.
BuddyPay
Streamline on the road transactions with BuddyPay. Our very own secure online payment system developed specifically for the haulage industry.
Motorway Buddy has…
2,300,865
SESSIONS
89,374
DOWNLOADS
62,975
SESSIONS LAST MONTH
Motorway Buddy helps truck drivers, truck stops and haulage companies operate safely and more efficiently through mobile technology.
Reviews
“Loving this app, just downloaded it and was able to find, book and navigate to the closest truck stop with the facilities I needed! The app is easy to use, the colours and the style second to none in comparison to any other app for trucker.”
Monsa A.
“Motorway Buddy has been in use at our premises for long now. Driver acceptance is 100% and has had a positive impact on the business. All my drivers do their daily checks and I receive an email straight away once submitted. My driver simply puts all the load details & issues if any with pictures of the POD and we forward it to the customer. Simply most cost-effective system, ease of use, cannot recommend this enough.”
Nathan S.
“Absolute gem this app, if you are a HGV and stuck for somewhere to park this app will help you. Includes prices and facilities plus reviews and comments.”
Tom C.
Contact us
Telephone:
+44(0)161 956 3500
Email:
chris@motorwaybuddy.com
Facebook
X
Our team is devoted to answering all your queries within 24 hours.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Name
*
Message * Name
Message Name Email
Email
*
Message
Submit
Our Partners