Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Happy Scale’s website and our apps for iPhone and any other devices
            and platforms.
Front Pocket Software LLC ("we", "us", "our") take the privacy of our customers ("you", "your") seriously.
Personal Information
Your use of Happy Scale may cause certain information, including information you may consider personal to you such as your name
            ("Personal Information"), to be stored locally on your iPhone, iPad and/or iPod Touch ("Device" or "Devices"). This data also includes
            your weight history and goal weight ("Health Data").
By default, Health Data is stored locally on your Device. You may also choose to store Health Data with third party service providers
            such as Dropbox and Apple Health (see relevant sections below).
We will treat your Personal Information and Health Data as confidential (see relevant sections below). We will not share your Personal
            Information or Health Data with third parties, such as third party service providers and/or advertisers, without your permission.
Information we collect
Website
We have websites that contain promotional information and support information at happyscale.com and happyscale.app. We use Netlify to
            host these websites. We do not log your access of these websites. When you access these websites, Netlify has access to some of your
            basic technical information, such as your IP address.
Netlify's Privacy Policy is
            here.
Ads
In the interest of user privacy, we stopped including third-party ad libraries in 2018. The advertisements within the app are for the
            app's own in-app upgrade.
Analytics
Happy Scale’s app collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve
            the app.
No health data is included in these analytics. No personally-identifyable information, such as IP addresses, is included in these
            analytics. We self-host our analytics server. We use industry-standard SSL security to transmit analytics to our server.
Dropbox Integration
You may opt to sync and back up your Health Data with Dropbox. Authentication with Dropbox is carried out using Dropbox's official
            APIs using OAuth2; Happy Scale does not know or store your Dropbox username or password, and Happy Scale does not access any data outside
            of its own "Happy Scale" folder within Dropbox. You can stop syncing data to Dropbox at any time by turning the Dropbox sync feature off
            in Happy Scale's settings on all your Devices.
Happy Scale is in no way responsible for the protection of the Health Data and/or other information stored in your Dropbox account.
            You and Dropbox are solely responsible for the protection of such information in your Dropbox account. Please review Dropbox's applicable
            policies and procedures before syncing and backing up your Health Data and/or other information with Dropbox.
Dropbox's Privacy Policy is here.
Apple Health Integration
You may opt to integrate Happy Scale with Apple Health. If you grant Happy Scale access to Apple Health, Happy Scale will import your
            data from Apple Health into the Application in certain circumstances, such as to import weight entries from another source. In addition,
            Happy Scale may transfer data that you store locally on your Device, such as your weight history, to Apple Health. Happy Scale cannot
            read from or write to Apple Health unless you grant access. Data accessed from Apple Health will never be shared with third parties, such
            as third party service providers and/or advertisers, without your permission.
Happy Scale is in no way responsible for the protection of the Health Data and/or other information stored with Apple Health. You and
            Apple are solely responsible for the protection of such information in Apple Health. Please review Apple's applicable policies and
            procedures before syncing and backing up your Health Data and/or other information with Apple Health.
Sharing Information
Happy Scale allows you to share certain information, such as your weight history or a visual chart of your weight history, to email or
            social media services. Happy Scale will never automatically share this information to email or social media services without your
            consent.
Happy Scale is in no way responsible for the protection of any information that you choose to share to email or social media. You and
            your service providers are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review any applicable policies and
            procedures before sharing your information therein.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect information about you that is in our possession and control, such as your Personal Information and
            Health Data, from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Unfortunately, no Internet transmission
            is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent between you and us may not be secure, due, for instance, to the
            security practices that you, your email carrier, and/or Internet provider employ. You should therefore take special care in deciding what
            information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal data to us via the Internet.
You are solely responsible for the protection of your Device, including any use of Happy Scale or any storage of Personal Information
            or Health Data incident to the use of Happy Scale on your Device. Please consult your Device's documentation on how to manage local
            storage and how to apply appropriate security controls to the Device for the protection of information such as passwords. You are
            entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Device password.
Personal Information or Health Data that is stored on your Device is your responsibility. In the event that your Device becomes lost
            or inoperable, your Health Data may not be recoverable (see relevant sections above).
International Users
Front Pocket Software LLC is located in the United States and is subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United
            States. If you use Happy Scale, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject
            to such laws.
Use of Application by Minors
Happy Scale is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please email us directly at
support@happyscale.com
.
Privacy Policy Updates
At times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy such as due to changes in the services we offer, Apple's
            policies and procedures, and/or the applicable laws of the United States. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at
            any time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, especially before you provide any Personal Information or
            Health Data to Happy Scale.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we
            post the revised Privacy Policy on Happy Scale. Your continued use of the Application after any changes or revisions to this Privacy
            Policy shall indicate your acceptance and agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Last Updated: 5/8/2019
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.netlify.com/privacy/:
Netlify Privacy Statement
Last updated:
February 13, 2024
This Privacy Statement applies to Netlify, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“
Netlify
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”) when we act as the controller of your Personal Data. Netlify’s affiliates are listed in Section 16 below. However, this Privacy Statement does not apply to data we process as a service provider or data processor on behalf of our enterprise customers. Such data processing activities are governed by our
Data Processing Agreement
. If you use the Netlify Services as part of your organization (for example, you are an employee), you should read your organization’s privacy statement and direct any inquiries to that organization.
Netlify takes your privacy seriously. We will not sell, lease, or exchange your personal data to, or otherwise share your personal data with, third parties in ways other than described in this Privacy Statement.
1. Applicability
This Privacy Statement applies when Netlify acts as controller of your Personal Data such as:
when you subscribe online to the services provided by Netlify (the “
Netlify
Services
”). If you subscribe to the Netlify Services, your subscription will be governed by the
Self-Serve Subscription Agreement
(“
Terms of Service
”), and this Privacy Statement;
when you interact with the Netlify.com website, including the Netlify Support Forums, (the “
Website
”) together with our
Website Terms of Use
;
When you register for, or participate, in our webinars, events, programs, either online or in-person.
2. Personal Data Netlify Collects
The categories of Personal Data that we collect depend on how you use the Netlify Services or the Website.
(i) Information You Provide Directly
Account Information
: when you register for an account with Netlify, we collect information that identifies you such as your name, username, email address, and password.
Profile Information
: we collect information that you voluntarily provide in your user profile. This may include your public avatar (which may be a photo), additional email addresses, and username of connected accounts (such as GitHub, Bitbucket, GitLab).
Payment Information
: if you purchase a paid subscription from Netlify, we will collect payment information from you that may include your name, billing address and credit card or bank information. We may also use your credit card information to verify your identity and prevent abuse. We do not directly process or store your entire credit card number, but we do direct that information to our third-party payment processors for processing.
Marketing Contact Information
: if you request Netlify to contact you, or sign up for marketing materials or events, Netlify may collect information such as name, address, email address, telephone number, company name, and size of company. This may be collected through the Website as well as through the use of the Netlify Services.
Customer Content
: as defined in our Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, this is the content we collect and store including when you use the Netlify Services, as for example: sites you create, deployments, team builds, profile metadata, activity, and usage data.
Troubleshooting Information
: if you contact Netlify’s customer support, we will collect information about you related to your account and the requests you are making.
Call Recordings
: sometimes, we record and transcribe sales or support calls hosted on various video-conferencing technologies to enable our sales and support teams to share conversational insights, create training and presentations, and improve their internal processes. You will be informed if a video-call is recorded.
Other Content You Submit through the Website
: we also collect any content that you submit to our Website. For example: comments in the Netlify Support Forums and blog posts, or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, or events.
(ii) Information We Collect Automatically
Identifiers
: when you access and use our Services, we automatically collect information about your device, which may include: device type, your device operating system, browser type and version, IP address, hardware identifiers.
Service Data
: as defined in our Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, Service Data is  data derived by or on behalf of Netlify based on your use of the Netlify Services. This data includes aggregated metrics regarding activity and feature usage that may influence our product roadmap.
Website Usage Data
: when you visit our Website, we may automatically log information about how you interact with the sites, such as the referring site, date and time of visit, and the pages you have viewed or links you have clicked. This may change depending on your choice regarding cookies.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
: Netlify uses cookies and similar tracking technologies to provide functionality, such as storing your settings, and to recognize you as you use our Services and our Website. In addition, we use cookies to gather information to provide interest-based advertising which is tailored to you based on your online activity.
(iii) Information We Receive from Third-parties
Vendors and Partners
: we may receive information about you from third-parties such as vendors, resellers, or partners. For example, our sales and marketing teams may receive access to third-party databases containing information to enrich business contacts and other corporate data.
Third-party Sign-in Services
: Netlify allows you to sign up, and login into, our Services using third-party accounts, such as GitHub, Gitlab, Bitbucket. When you give permission for this to happen, Netlify will receive information about you from your third-party account, such as name, email address, and location.
3. Purposes for which Netlify Processes Personal Data and Legal Basis
Purpose of Processing:
Providing the Netlify Services
.
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of the Netlify Service and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a Contract
Purpose of Processing:
Providing and improving the Website
. We process your Personal Data to operate and administer the Website and to provide you with the content you access and request. We also analyze overall trends to improve the user experience.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interest
Purpose of Processing:
Displaying personalized advertisements and content.
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interest
Purpose of Processing:
Managing event registrations and attendance.
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you. This includes sending marketing communications to you for similar products and services.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a Contract; Legitimate Interest
Purpose of Processing:
Sending communications.
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications about Netlify, and partners.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interest; Consent
Purpose of Processing:
Recording phone calls.
Our Sales and Support teams may - from time to time - record video calls for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interest; Consent
Purpose of Processing:
Developing and improving the performance of the services.
We process your Personal Data to develop, maintain, improve the Netlify Services.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a Contract; Legitimate Interest
Purpose of Processing:
Managing our customer and user accounts.
We process your Personal Data (including Service Data) to manage customer and user accounts, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a Contract
Purpose of Processing:
Providing customer support.
We process your Personal Data when you write to our customer support team and log a ticket with them.
Legal Basis:
Performance of a Contract
4. Disclosure of Personal Data
We may share your Personal Data with third parties, such as:
Service Providers
: with our contracted service providers, who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, events planning, customer support and data enrichment for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above.
Netlify Affiliates
: with affiliates of Netlify, Inc. (as listed below in Section 16) and any companies that we may acquire in the future.
Event Sponsors
: if you attend an event or webinar organized by Netlify, or download or access an asset on our website, we may share your Personal Data with sponsors of the event. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your information to be shared, you can opt-out at any time in accordance with Section 8 below.
Partners
: with specific partners that offer supplementary services to those provided by Netlify, such as partners that resell the Netlify Services.
Netlify Third-party Integrations
: if - while using the Netlify Services - you choose to interact with, activate, or otherwise use third-party tools, we may share your Personal Data with such third parties.
Professional Advisers
: we may share your Personal Data with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Personal Data.
Public Authorities
: with public and government authorities, to the extent we receive a lawful order and we are compelled to disclose Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations.
5. International Transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by Netlify outside of the country of collection to and by our affiliates.
Your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection as the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”). When we engage in cross-border transfers to countries that do not ensure the same level of data protection, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. For transfers to the United States, see below Section13 “Data Privacy Framework”.
6. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly provide the Services to, and will not knowingly collect the personal information from anyone under the age of 16.  If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that a child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in Section 17.  If we learn or have reason to suspect that a user is under the age of 16, we will close the account.
7. Data Retention
We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection or as long as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Data, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). After expiry of the applicable retention periods, your Personal Data will be deleted. If there is any data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data.
For more information on data retention periods, please contact us by using the information in Section 17.
8. Your Rights
(i) Your Rights Relating to Your Personal Data
You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt-in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("
Automated Decision-Making
");
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal; and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
Where we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.
Please note that Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in the Netlify Services.
(ii) How to Exercise Your Rights
To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in Section 17. Your Personal Data may be processed in responding to these rights. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive. If you are an employee of a Netlify customer, you should contact your employer’s system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information.
(iii) When We Act as Processor
As described above, we may also process Personal Data submitted by or for a customer to the Netlify Services. To this end we process such Personal Data as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the controller of the Personal Data. We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. If your data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor by or on behalf of a Netlify customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with them directly. We may only access a customer’s data upon their instructions, therefore if you make your request directly to us we will refer your request to that customer (provided you identify who the customer is), and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
9. Marketing Communications
If we process your Personal Data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from Netlify by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of Netlify marketing emails. Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with Netlify, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information.
If you want your phone number to be added to our internal Do-Not-Call telemarketing register, please contact us by using the information in Section 17 below. Please include your first name, last name, company and the phone number you wish to add to our Do-Not-Call register.
Alternatively, you can always let us know during a telemarketing call that you do not want to be called again for marketing purposes
10. External Links
During your interactions with us, you may come across links to external sites or other online services, included in those embedded within third party advertisements.  It is important to note that we do not have control over, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policy of linked third-party sites, if you have any questions about their privacy practices, as their privacy policies and practices may vary from our own.
11. Data Security at Netlify
We will strive to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, however, no data transmission over the Internet, by wireless device or over the air is guaranteed to be 100% secure. We will continue to enhance security procedures as new technologies and procedures become available.
We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. If you forget your password, we will ask you for your ID and send you an email containing a link that will allow you to reset your password.
Please remember that you control what personal information you provide while using the Netlify Services. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your identification, passwords and/or any personal information in your possession for the use of the Netlify Services. Always be careful and responsible regarding your personal information. We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through the Netlify Services. Similarly, we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of any personal information or other information which you receive from other users through the Netlify Services, and you release us from any and all liability in connection with the contents of any personal information or other information which you may receive using the Netlify Services. We cannot guarantee, or assume any responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the personal information or other information provided by any third party. You release us from any and all liability in connection with the use of such personal information or other information of others.
You can find more information on how we protect content provided to Netlify in using the Netlify Services, as well as any data transmitted and processed through your account on the Netlify Service, here:
https://www.netlify.com/security/
.
12. Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors. If we do, we will update the “effective date” at the top. If we make a material update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our website or by contacting you directly, or where required under applicable law and feasible, seek your consent to these changes.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about our collection, processing and sharing of your Personal Data.
13. Data Privacy Framework
Netlify, Inc. and Jamstack Innovation Fund comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Netlify, Inc. and Jamstack Innovation Fund have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Netlify, Inc. and Jamstack Innovation Fund have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that they adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit the
Data privacy framework website
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Netlify, Inc. and Jamstack Innovation Fund commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Netlify, Inc. and Jamstack Innovation Fund compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In certain circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I of the DPF Principles.
If we share data with third parties as detailed in in paragraph 4, Netlify has signed contracts with such third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, including the onward transfer provisions, and Netlify remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
14. California Residents
If you are a California resident, you have the rights listed below, as recognized by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to Section 8.
Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for submitting a request detailed in this Privacy Statement. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
We do not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (
i.e.
, for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We  respond to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
15. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
“Personal Data” as referenced in this Privacy Statement means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data will depend on the Personal Data collected and the specific context in which we collect it. As detailed in Section 2, we normally will collect Personal Data from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your Personal Data to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Netlify Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Netlify will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you, or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your Personal Data, you have the right to object by emailing us at privacy@netlify.com
16. Netlify Affiliates
Stackbit, Inc.; Gatsby, Inc.; Netlify Canada Limited; Netlify EMEA Limited; Netlify UK Limited.
17. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us at
privacy@netlify.com
, or write us at:
Netlify, Inc.
512 2nd Street, Fl 2
San Francisco, CA 94107
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.  If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following
website
.
We use Cookies
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and for marketing purposes.
Read our Privacy Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dropbox.com/terms#privacy:
Skip to main content
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
Sign up
Log in
Get started
Products
Dropbox
Store, share, and access files across devices
Replay
Review and approve videos faster
Backup
Automatically back up your devices
Reclaim.ai
Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI
Dash
Find, organize, and protect company content
DocSend
Send documents securely and track activity
Sign
Request and add signatures to documents
Early access
Preview new product experiences
Solutions
Teams
Sales
Marketing
HR
IT
Creatives
Use cases
Cloud storage
Video review
Signing documents
Sharing files
Industries
Construction
Technology
Manufacturing
Media
Professional services
Education
Enterprise
Pricing
Contact sales
Get app
Desktop app
Mobile app
Language
Get started
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Business Agreement
DMCA Policy
Acceptable Use
Open Source
For users with a separate DocSend or Dropbox Sign account, the DocSend Terms of Service can be found
here
, and the Dropbox Sign Terms of Service can be found
here
.
Dropbox Terms of Service
Posted: January 7, 2025
Effective: January 7, 2025
You can see your previous Terms
here
.
Thanks for using Dropbox! Our mission is to create a more enlightened way of working, and help you and those you work with stay coordinated. We do so by providing an intuitive, unified platform and suite of apps and services that keep your content safe, accessible and in sync. These terms of service (“
Terms
”) cover your use and access to our services, client software and websites ("
Services
"). If you reside outside of the United States of America, Canada and Mexico (“
North America
”) your agreement is with Dropbox International Unlimited Company. If you reside in North America your agreement is with Dropbox, Inc. Our
Privacy Policy
explains how we collect and use your information while our
Acceptable Use Policy
outlines your responsibilities when using our Services. If you are a member of a paid multi-user team (or a trial of a paid multi-user team) where an admin has control of your account ("Dropbox Team"), your team will also be bound to the
Dropbox Services Agreement
or another agreement between Dropbox and your team, and you will continue to remain subject to these Terms. By using our Services, you’re agreeing to be bound by these Terms, our
Privacy Policy
, and
Acceptable Use Policy
.
Your Stuff & Your Permissions
When you use our Services, you provide us with things like your files, content, messages, contacts, connected services, and so on (“
Your Stuff
”). Your Stuff is yours. These Terms don’t give us any rights to Your Stuff except for the limited rights that enable us to offer the Services.
You may need to register for an account to access the Services, and we may create an account for you so that you can interact with the Services.
Our Services include a suite of apps and websites. To help you stay productive, when you use the same account to access different parts of the suite, Your Stuff may come with you.
We need your permission to do things like hosting Your Stuff, backing it up, and sharing it when you ask us to. Our Services also provide you with features like commenting, sharing, searching, image thumbnails, document previews, optical character recognition (OCR), easy sorting and organization, and personalization to help reduce busywork. To provide these and other features, Dropbox accesses, stores, and scans Your Stuff. You give us permission to do those things, and this permission extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we work with.
Your Responsibilities
Your use of our Services must comply with our
Acceptable Use Policy
. Content in the Services may be protected by others’ intellectual property rights. Please don’t copy, upload, download, or share content unless you have the right to do so.
Dropbox may review your conduct and content for compliance with these Terms and our
Acceptable Use Policy
. We aren’t responsible for the content people post and share via the Services.
Help us keep Your Stuff protected. Safeguard your password to the Services, and keep your account information current. Don’t share your account credentials or give others access to your account.
You may use our Services only as permitted by applicable law, including export control laws and regulations. Finally, to use our Services, you must be at least 13 if you reside in the United States, and 16 if you reside anywhere else. If the law where you reside requires that you must be older in order for Dropbox to lawfully provide the Services to you without parental consent (including use of your personal data), then you must be that older age.
Software
Some of our Services allow you to download client software (“
Software
”) which may update automatically. So long as you comply with these Terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely to access the Services. To the extent any component of the Software may be offered under an open source license, we’ll make that license available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override some of these Terms. Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so.
Beta Services
We sometimes release products and features that we’re still testing and evaluating (“
Beta Services
”). Beta Services are labeled “alpha,” “beta,” “preview,” “early access,” or “evaluation” (or with words or phrases with similar meanings) and may not be as reliable as Dropbox’s other services. Beta Services are made available so that we can collect user feedback, and by using our Beta Services, you agree that we may contact you to collect such feedback.
Beta Services are confidential until official launch. If you use any Beta Services, you agree not to disclose any information about those Services to anyone else without our permission.
Electronic Signatures
By using a part of the Services that facilitates electronic signatures, you agree to do business electronically and to use electronic records and signatures. There may be laws where you reside governing what types of documents and transactions are appropriate for such signatures. It’s your responsibility to ensure that the electronic signature functionality provided by the Services is appropriate for your scenario.
Templates and Forms
The Services may include sample templates and forms (“Templates”). Templates are for informational purposes only. We are not attorneys or a law firm, and our Templates are not a substitute for the advice or services of an attorney. You acknowledge that Dropbox is not providing you with legal advice or acting as your attorney or agent, and you assume full responsibility for any outcomes or costs associated with your use of our Templates.
Dropbox does not claim that documents based on the Templates are complete and suitable for use in all situations and jurisdictions. You should consult with an attorney about your specific situation before relying on the Templates for any contract, agreement or transaction. You hereby acknowledge that Dropbox is not a party to any agreement that you enter into as a result of the use of any document that you create or use through the Services. Use of the Services and any document (including any document based on the Templates) does not constitute an attorney-client relationship, joint venture or partnership between Dropbox and any user or third party. Communications between you and Dropbox are governed by these Terms and our
Privacy Policy
but are not protected by the attorney-client privilege or as work product.
We hope you’re satisfied with the Templates. If you have any concerns, please click
here
for more information and instructions on how to contact us.
The disclaimers of warranties and limitations of liability below do not apply to consumers in North Carolina when using the Templates.
Fax Services
If you use a part of the Services that facilitates faxing, you may be required to provide information such as your name, billing address, physical address, payment information (including credit card number), and national ID number (where applicable). Failure to provide this information could result in suspension of your access.
You may not use our Services to send unsolicited fax advertisements or spam, and we may decide to not deliver any messages we consider unsolicited fax advertisements or spam.
We cannot guarantee that any particular fax number will be available for you to use. If you stop using our fax services, your number may be released or reassigned to another customer. In the US, UK, and Canada, we may support porting a fax number (both in and out) for an additional fee.
Additional Features
From time to time, Dropbox will add additional features to enhance the user experience of our storage service at no additional charge. However, these free features may be withdrawn without further notice.
Third-Party Features
The Services may give you the option to link to third-party features and integrations. Dropbox does not own or operate any such features or integrations. If you access or use any third-party features or integrations, you are responsible for this access and use, and Dropbox is not responsible for any act or omission of the third party or the availability, accuracy, the related content, products or services of third parties.
Our Stuff
The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other US and foreign laws. These Terms don’t grant you any right, title, or interest in the Services, others’ content in the Services, Dropbox trademarks, logos and other brand features. We welcome feedback, but note that we may use comments or suggestions without any obligation to you.
Copyright
We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law, and such notices should be reported using our
Copyright Policy
. We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and terminate accounts of repeat infringers. Copyright infringement claims should be submitted using our
Copyright Complaint Form
or submitted to our designated agent for our Services at:
Copyright Agent
Dropbox, Inc.
1800 Owens St
San Francisco, CA 94158
copyright@dropbox.com
Paid Accounts
Billing.
You can increase your storage space and add paid features to your account (turning your account into a “Paid Account”). We’ll automatically bill you from the date you convert to a Paid Account and on each periodic renewal until cancellation. If you’re on an annual plan, we’ll send you a notice email reminding you that your plan is about to renew within a reasonable period of time prior to the renewal date. You’re responsible for all applicable taxes, and we’ll charge tax when required to do so. Some countries have mandatory local laws regarding your cancellation rights, and this paragraph doesn’t override these laws.
Cancellation.
You may cancel your
Paid Account
at any time. Refunds are only issued if
required by law
. For example, users living in the European Union have the right to cancel their Paid Account subscriptions and obtain a refund within 14 days of signing up for, upgrading to, or renewing a Paid Account by clicking
here
.
Downgrades.
Your Paid Account will remain in effect until it's cancelled or terminated under these Terms. If you’re on a Dropbox Family plan, the Family manager may be able to downgrade your account at any time. If you don’t pay for your Paid Account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or remove Paid Account features.
Changes.
We may change the fees in effect on renewal of your subscription, to reflect factors such as changes to our product offerings, changes to our business, or changes in economic conditions. We’ll give you no less than 30 days’ advance notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account and you’ll have the opportunity to cancel your subscription before the new fee comes into effect.
Dropbox Teams
Email address.
If you sign up for a Dropbox account with an email address provisioned by your organization, your organization may be able to block your use of Dropbox until you transition to an account on a Dropbox Team or you associate your Dropbox account with a personal email address.
Using Dropbox Teams.
If you join a Dropbox Team, you must use it in compliance with your organization’s terms and policies. Please note that Dropbox Team accounts are subject to your organization's control. Your administrators may be able to access, disclose, restrict, or remove information in or from your Dropbox Team account. They may also be able to restrict or terminate your access to a Dropbox Team account. If you convert an existing Dropbox account into part of a Dropbox Team, your administrators may prevent you from later disassociating your account from the Dropbox Team.
Termination
You’re free to stop using our Services at any time. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Services with notice to you if Dropbox reasonably believes:
you’re in breach of these Terms,
your use of the Services would cause a real risk of harm or loss to us or other users, or
you don’t have a Paid Account and haven't accessed our Services for 12 consecutive months.
We’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice via the email address associated with your account to remedy the activity that prompted us to contact you and give you the opportunity to export Your Stuff from our Services. If after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we’ll terminate or suspend your access to the Services.
We won’t provide notice or an opportunity to export Your Stuff before termination or suspension of access to the Services where Dropbox reasonably believes:
you’re in material breach of these Terms, which includes, but is not limited to, violating our
Acceptable Use Policy
,
doing so would cause us legal liability or compromise our ability to provide the Services to our other users, or
we're prohibited from doing so by law.
Once we suspend or terminate your access to the Services, you will not be able to access or export Your Stuff. Dropbox does not provide refunds if we suspend or terminate your access to the Services, unless required by law.
Discontinuation of Services
We may decide to discontinue the Services in response to exceptional unforeseen circumstances, events beyond Dropbox’s control (for example a natural disaster, fire, or explosion), or to comply with a legal requirement. If we do so, we’ll give you reasonable prior notice so that you can export Your Stuff from our systems (we will give you no less than 30 days’ notice where possible under the circumstances). If we discontinue the Services in this way before the end of any fixed or minimum term you have paid us for, we’ll refund the portion of the fees you have pre-paid but haven't received Services for.
Services “AS IS”
We strive to provide great Services, but there are certain things that we can't guarantee. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some places don’t allow the disclaimers in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you. For example, these disclaimers do not override the legal protections, including statutory warranties, granted to consumers by EU law.
Limitation of Liability
WE DON’T EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WHERE IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO DO SO—THIS INCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DROPBOX’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES. IN COUNTRIES WHERE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF EXCLUSIONS AREN’T ALLOWED, WE'RE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU ONLY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL OR OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU. THIS PARAGRAPH DOESN’T AFFECT CONSUMER RIGHTS THAT CAN'T BE WAIVED OR LIMITED BY ANY CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE AN EU OR UK CONSUMER, THESE TERMS DO NOT EXCLUDE DROPBOX’S LIABILITY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A RESULT OF OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES OR OF OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU, AS LONG AS THOSE LOSSES AND DAMAGES ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
IN COUNTRIES WHERE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE ALLOWED, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WON’T BE LIABLE FOR:
ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR
ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY.
THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT DROPBOX OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IF YOU USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY COMMERCIAL, BUSINESS, OR RE-SALE PURPOSE, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES AREN’T RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICES.
OTHER THAN FOR THE TYPES OF LIABILITY WE CANNOT LIMIT BY LAW (AS DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION), WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE GREATER OF $20 USD OR 100% OF ANY AMOUNT YOU'VE PAID UNDER YOUR CURRENT SERVICE PLAN WITH DROPBOX. THIS PROVISION DOES NOT APPLY TO EU CONSUMERS WHERE PROHIBITED BY
APPLICABLE LAW
.
Resolving Disputes
Let’s Try to Sort Things Out First.
We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Dropbox, you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by sending us a written Notice of Dispute at dispute-notice@dropbox.com that includes your name, a detailed description of the dispute, and the relief you seek. We’ll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email. If a dispute is not resolved within 60 days after submission, you or Dropbox may bring a formal proceeding. If you reside in the EU, the European Commission provides for an online dispute resolution platform, which you can access here:
https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
.
Judicial Forum for Disputes.
You and Dropbox agree that any judicial proceeding to resolve claims relating to these Terms or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions below. Both you and Dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in such courts. If you reside in a country (for example, a member state of the European Union) with laws that give consumers the right to bring disputes in their local courts, this paragraph doesn’t affect those requirements. The venue and exclusive jurisdiction provision above does not apply to North Carolina consumers with respect to claims relating to or arising out of use of the Templates.
IF YOU’RE A U.S. RESIDENT, YOU ALSO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISIONS:
We Both Agree to Arbitrate.
You and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to or arising out of these Terms or the Services through final and binding individual arbitration by a single arbitrator, except as set forth under the “Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate” below. This includes disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation or application of this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section, including its scope, enforceability, revocability, or validity. The arbitrator may award relief only individually and only to the extent necessary to redress your individual claim(s); the arbitrator may not award relief on behalf of others or the general public.
Opt out of Agreement to Arbitrate.
You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by
clicking here
and submitting the opt-out form within 30 days of first registering your account or agreeing to these Terms. However, if you agreed to a previous version of these Terms that allowed you to opt out of arbitration, your previous choice to opt out or not opt out remains binding.
Arbitration Procedures.
The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Consumer Arbitration Rules. The AAA’s rules and filing instructions are available at
www.adr.org
or by calling 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration will be held in the United States county where you live or work, San Francisco (CA), or any other location we agree to. For North Carolina consumers, for claims relating to or arising out of use of the Templates, the arbitration will be held in North Carolina or any other location we agree to.
Arbitration Fees and Incentives.
The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. For individual arbitration of non-frivolous claims less than $75,000 for which you timely provided Dropbox with a Notice of Dispute, Dropbox will reimburse arbitration filing fees at the conclusion of the arbitration and will pay other arbitration fees. For all other claims, the costs and fees of arbitration shall be allocated in accordance with the arbitration provider’s rules, including rules regarding frivolous or improper claims. If you receive an arbitration award that is more favorable than any offer we make to resolve the claim, we will pay you $1,000 in addition to the award. Dropbox will not seek its attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose.
Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate.
Either you or Dropbox may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco (CA) or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above. If the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in San Francisco County, California to resolve your claim. This exclusive jurisdiction provision does not apply to North Carolina consumers with respect to claims relating to or arising out of use of the Templates.
NO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS
. You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations aren’t allowed.
Severability
. If any part of this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will remain in effect, except that if a finding of partial illegality or unenforceability would allow class or representative arbitration, this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section will be unenforceable in its entirety. If you are found to have a non-waivable right to bring a particular claim or to request a particular form of relief that the arbitrator lacks authority to redress or award according to this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section, including public injunctive relief, then only that respective claim or request for relief may be brought in court, and you and we agree that litigation of any such claim or request for relief shall be stayed pending the resolution of any individual claim(s) or request(s) for relief in arbitration.
Controlling Law
These Terms will be governed by California law except for its conflicts of laws principles. However, some countries (including those in the European Union) have laws that require agreements to be governed by the local laws of the consumer's country. This paragraph doesn’t override those laws.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Dropbox with respect to the subject matter of these Terms, and supersede and replace any other prior or contemporaneous agreements, or terms and conditions applicable to the subject matter of these Terms. Our past, present, and future affiliates and agents can invoke our rights under this agreement in the event they become involved in a dispute with you. Otherwise, these Terms do not give rights to any third parties.
Waiver, Severability & Assignment
Dropbox’s failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later. If a provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Terms will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be void. Dropbox may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.
Modifications
We may revise these Terms to better reflect:
changes to the law,
new regulatory requirements, or
improvements or enhancements made to our Services.
If an update affects your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user of our Services, we’ll notify you prior to the update's effective date by sending an email to the email address associated with your account or via an in-product notification. These updated terms will be effective no less than 30 days from when we notify you.
If you don’t agree to the updates we make, please cancel your account and stop using the Services before the updated Terms become effective. Where applicable, we’ll offer you a prorated refund based on the amounts you have prepaid for Services and your account cancellation date. By continuing to use or access the Services after the updates come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.