راديو مباشر
English
العربية
English
Français
Pусский
Deutsch
Español
Türkçe
中文
ไทย
اردو
বাংলা
Bosanski
ئۇيغۇرچە
فارسی
тоҷикӣ
മലയാളം
Tagalog
Indonesia
Português
Hausa
Kiswahili
الرئيسية
المفضلة
الإذاعة
البث المرئي المباشر
تصفح القرآن
التلاوات المرئية
تحميل المصحف كاملاً
سورة الكهف
حصن المسلم
منصة القران على التلقرام
التطبيقات
تلاوات الحرمين
تفسير القرآن
القراءات العشر
1. مقدمة:
1.1. لقد تم صياغة سياسة الخصوصية لكي نظهر بوضوح مدى التزامنا الثابت بخصوصية زائرينا. فالسطور التالية تكشف طرق جمع واستعمال المعلومات التي يتم الحصول عليها بواسطة موقع
Mp3quran.net
.
2.1. إن موقع
Mp3quran.net
يجمع معلومات خاصة بزوار الموقع بطريقتين:
أ. معلومات تجمع آليا بواسطة الخادم المضيف، مثلنا مثل كل مواقع شبكة الإنترنت في هذا الشأن.
ب. البيانات التي يقوم الزوار بتزويدنا بها من خلال التسجيل الطوعي الاختياري في نماذج الموقع المختلفة مثل "القائمة البريدية"، "اتصل بنا" ،،، الخ.
1. Introduction:
1.1. This privacy policy has been written to clearly show our commitment to our visitors privacy. The following lines reveals the ways by which
Mp3quran.net
collects and uses information
2.1.
Mp3quran.net
collects visitors information in 2 ways:
a. Automatically collected information by the hosting Web Server, like all Internet sites
b. The voluntary registration information provided voluntarily by the visitors through site's forms, such as "Mailing list", "Contact us", etc.
2. المعلومات المجمعة آلياً:
1.2. يقوم خادم مواقع الإنترنت (
Web Server
) بتسجيل بعض المعلومات آليا حول الزوار. هذه المعلومات تتضمن تاريخ ووقت الزيارة، رقم
IP
الخاص بك، اسم مستعرض أو متصفح الإنترنت، نظام التشغيل، الدولة، عنوان الصفحة (
URL
) التي أتيت منها إلى موقعنا.
2.2. البيانات المتوفرة لموقع
Mp3quran.net
مثل أي موقع آخر تكون ملخصة وغير شخصية وتمكننا من أن نقوم بتحسين محتويات الموقع بما يناسب احتياجات زوارنا. وفي نفس الوقت تساعدنا على تخصيص المحتوى لزوارنا.
2. Automatically Collected Information:
2.1 Internet WebServer automatically records some visitors information. These include the time and date of the visit, the IP of the visitor, the name of the Internet browser, the operating system, the country, the referrer URL.
2.2. The information available to
Mp3quran.net
like those available to any other website are summarized and non personal. It allows us improve the site content to fit our visitors needs. In the same time it helps us customizing the content to our visitors.
3. نماذج التسجيل:
1.3. المعلومات التي يتم تزويدنا بها من خلال التسجيل الطوعي فى النماذج المختلفة بالموقع تمكننا من أن نساعد زوارنا، وأن نزودهم بالمعلومات المفيدة ونتواصل معهم، وفي نفس الوقت تساعدنا أن نحسن من محتوى الموقع بما يتناسب مع احتياجات الزوار.
2.3. بعض هذه النماذج تتطلب من زوارنا أن يزودونا بمعلومات شخصية (مثل الاسم، البريد الإلكتروني، الهاتف، الفاكس، العمر والجنس). المعلومات التي تجمع من خلال هذه النماذج تستخدم للإجابة والتواصل فقط، وللاتصال بالزائر من طرفنا عندما يكون ذلك ضرورياً.
3.3  تحت أي ظرف من الظروف، إلا في حال ورود طلب قضائي،  فإن هذه المعلومات لا يتم تقديمها أو بيعها لأي طرف ثالث سواء من المعلنين أو من الممولين الآخرين أو خلافهم. من الممكن أن نزود المعلنين ببيانات إحصائية مختصرة فقط في شكل إحصائي مجمع لا يمكن من خلاله الكشف عن هوية أي من زائرينا. لن يتم تزويد أي معلومات شخصية لأي طرف ثالث بأي حال من الأحوال وذلك يتضمن وبدون حصر المعلنون والممولون.
3. Registration Forms:
3.1. The information we are voluntarily given through various site forms allow us help our visitors by providing valuable information and contacting them. In the same time, it helps us improve the site content to fit the needs of our visitors.
3.2. Some of these forms require that our visitors provide us with personally identifiable information (like name, e-mail, phone and fax, gender and age). The information collected through these forms are used solely to answer questions from the visitors and to contact them when it is necessary.
3.3. Under no circumstances, except via judicial subpoena, shall these information be presented or sold to a third party, whether advertisers, funding sources, or otherwise. It is possible to provide advertisers with summarized statistical information, in aggregate form, through which there is absolutely no way to reveal the identity of our visitors. No personally identifiable information will be given to a third party whatsoever, under any condition, and this includes, without limitation, advertisers and funding sources.
4. الوصلات خارجية:
1.4. هذا الموقع يحتوي على وصلات إلى مواقع أخرى. موقع
Mp3quran.net
ليس مسئولاً عن سياسة الخصوصية التي تُمارس في تلك المواقع أو محتواها.
2.4. هذا الموقع يتضمن وصلات إلى مواقع تقوم بتقديم خدمات التتبع والتحليل الإحصائي للزوار. إن موقع
Mp3quran.net
ليس مسئولاً عن سياسة السرية في هذه النوعية من المواقع وليس لديه أي سيطرة على طريقة استخدام هذه المواقع للمعلومات التي تجمعها.
إنك باستخدامك وزيارة موقعنا تقر بحق
Mp3quran.net
في استخدام خدمات مواقع التعقب، وفى نفس الوقت توافق على إخلاءه من المسئولية عن عمل هذه المواقع.
4. External Links:
4.1. This site contains links to external sites.
Mp3quran.net
is not responsible for the privacy policy practiced in these sites nor its content.
4.2. This site contains links to sites the offer tracking services.
Mp3quran.net
is not responsible for the privacy policy of these sites, and has no control over the way in which these site will (are) use (ing) the collected information.
By visiting and using our site consent the right of
Mp3quran.net
to use the services of such sites, and in the same time holds it free from the responsibility of tracking sites deeds.
5. ضمان أمن المعلومات:
1.5.
Mp3quran.net
يوفر وسائل لضمان أمن المعلومات وعدم ضياعها ومنع سوء استعمال أو تعديل المعلومات التي بحوزتنا. وهذا يتم بضمان أن هناك فقط بضعة أشخاص موثوقين يقومون بالتعامل مع المعلومات. ويتم عمل نسخ احتياطية دورية يتم حفظها بمكان آمن.
5. Information Security:
5.1.
Mp3quran.net
provides for information security measures against loss, abuse, or content modification . This is assured through the fact that only few authorized and trusted persons are dealing with these information. Regular backup copies are made and saved in a safe place.
6. نشرة الموقع الغير دورية:
1.6.سوف يقوم موقع
Mp3quran.net
بإرسال نشرة غير دورية بالبريد الاليكتروني تحوى معلومات من
Mp3quran.net
.
إنك باستعمالك لخدمات الموقع تقر بقبولك استلام هذه الرسائل. ونرجو أن تتفهم أن خدمات
Mp3quran.net
المجانية يتم مساندتها ودعمها بقبولك استلام هذه الرسائل. في حالة وجود أي شكوى بإمكانك أن تستعمل صفحة "
اتصل بنا
".
2.6. لا يقوم الموقع بإرسال رسائل دعائية مزعجة للآخرين
Spam
، ولا يستخدام المجموعات البريدية بشكل مزعج في تسويق
Mp3quran.net
لأن ذلك ينافي خصوصية الآخرين ويسبب الإزعاج لهم ويتسبب في ضياع أوقاتهم وأموالهم، ونطلب من محبي الموقع عدم فعل ذلك أيضاً.
6. mp3quran mailing list:
6.1
Mp3quran.net
from time to time will send out and non-regular mailing list, via email, with information about the site updates.
By using the site's service you consent the reception of these emails. Please understand that our free services are supported by your acceptance of receiving these emails. If you have any complaints use the "
Contact us
" page.
6.2. We Don't send Spam advertising emails or Spam postings to mailing lists or groups, because it's against privacy, annoys people and waste their time and money, and we ask our site's fans NOT to do it.
7. تعديل البيانات:
1.7. يمكنك مراسلتنا لتعديل معلوماتك المسجلة لدينا. استعمل صفحة
"
اتصل بنا
".
8. للاتصال بالموقع:
1.8. للاتصال بإدارة
Mp3quran.net
استعمل صفحة
"
اتصل بنا
".
7. Modification of Information:
7.1. You can email us to modify your information. Use the "
Contact us
" page.
8. Contacting the site:
8.1. Use the "Contact us" page.
9. الحقوق: جميع الحقوق متاحة للجميع و يحق لأي زائر أو مطور استخدام اي مادة أو رابط من الموقع
9. Copyrights: All rights are available to everyone, and we allow any visitor or developer to copy any material or use any link on the website
10. جميع السياسات التي بالأعلى تنطبق على جميع المواقع التابعة لموقع mp3quran.net والتي تعود ملكيتها له :
mp3quran.org
quranqo.net
10. All above policies apllied on all other websites thats owned by mp3quran.net:
mp3quran.org
qurango.net
11- Android app & Android Auto:
The android application and Android Auto media streamer data collections is listed below:
1. Analytics:
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on the location this Application is accessed from, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out; Ireland – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
2. System logs and maintenance:
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.