Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 21, 2017
SkedGo Pty Limited (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the websites of skedgo.com and tripgo.com , the mobile applications of TripGo and RioGo, and other services disclosed through skedgo.com (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following information about you:
the Service is a personalised transport assistant and for it to operate effectively it needs to track and store your location, movement and transport use (see ‘Your location data’ below);
your places and preferences, (such as Home, Work, Favourite Places, Ride provider and other travel preferences) which helps us provide you with more tailored services;
personal information (such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number) that you provide in the Service, including if you register as a user of the Service, subscribe to any service, upload or submit any material via the Service or request any information;
in connection with any account sign-in facility, your log-in details;
communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding the Service or its content;
information from surveys that we may, from time to time, run on the Service for research purposes, if you choose to respond to them.
You are under no obligation to provide any such information. However, if you choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
We may offer users the ability to register their own personal account with us, so that their preferences and travel data can be accessed from different devices and where an existing device is lost or stolen. When you open an account, data collected in relation to you and your use of the Service will be linked on our systems with that account.
We may also offer users to do transactions with us. We maintain records of your purchases, downloads, the content you have provided us with, your requests, agreements between you and us, the products and services provided to you, payment and delivery details, your contacts and communications and other interactions with us. We may, in accordance with applicable law, record your communication with our customer care or with other such contact points.
We work hard to improve the Service and add functionality which we think will make it more useful for our users. New functionality may involve similar or incidental uses of your data to those set out above.
We also collect the following information:
details of your visits to the Service, the searches you make, the resources you access and any data you download; this may also be tracked and analysed by third parties providing us with analytics services that help us understand how users use the Service so we can improve it;
your IP address and the unique identifier we assign to the installation of our application on your device.
How Do We Use Your Information
We will use the information we collect to:
build a profile of your preferences so we can personalise the Service and provide you with relevant information;
recommend transport options that match your stated preferences and previous use of the Service;
administer your account with us;
respond to your emails to discuss your use of the Service and answer any support queries you may have;
identify issues with the operation of the Service, and provide crash reports in order to find resolution for performance issues;
improve the design, functionality and/or content of the pages of the Service and customise them for you;
carry out research on our users’ transport choices.
Location Information
We may use and store information about your location, if you give us permission to do so. We are a personalised transport Service, and to provide our service we need to process your location. The types of location data that we collect and store are your latitude, longitude, time of travel and compass-related data.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at anytime, through your mobile device settings. Please note that if you choose not to allow us to process your location data, we will not be able to provide you with the full benefit of the Service.
Information sharing
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties unless otherwise stated below.
We may share with social networking sites and third-party partners at your request (when this functionality is enabled).
We may disclose aggregate statistics about users of the Service, and anonymised data on your location, movement and transport choices to selected third parties for research analysis, product development and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally-identifiable information.
We may disclose your personal information to any of our affiliates, or to our agents or contractors who assist us in providing the services we offer through the Service, fulfilling requests for information, receiving and sending communications, analysing data, providing support services or in other tasks, from time to time. Our agents and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions.
In the event that we undergo re-organisation or are sold to a third party, you agree that any personal information we hold about you may be transferred to the entity or entities running the SkedGo business (or relevant part of it) or third party buyer.
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law; if we believe that such action is necessary to prevent fraud or cybercrime; to protect the Service; to enforce the terms under which you transact with us; or to enforce the rights, property or personal safety of any person.
International Transfer
Our products and services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world. Therefore your personal data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use our services, including to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) that do not have laws providing specific protection for personal data or that have different legal rules on data protection, for example, the United States of America. In such cases we ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your personal data is provided as required by applicable law, for example, by using standard agreements approved by relevant authorities (where necessary) and by requiring the use of other appropriate technical and organisational information security measures.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
External links
The Service may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Children’s Privacy
Our services are typically intended for general audiences. We do not knowingly collect information of children without the consent of their parents or guardians. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet use and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information on our website without their permission. If you have
reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact us as specified below, and we will work to delete that information from our databases.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via the Service whilst it is in transit over the internet or mobile networks and any such submission is at your own risk.
Cookies
When you interact with the Service, we try to make that experience simple and meaningful. When you visit our Service our server sends a cookie to your computer or mobile device (depending on how you access the Service). Cookies are small pieces of information which are issued to your computer when you visit a website and which store and sometimes track information about your use of the site. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your Service. These are known as “session cookies”. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the Service and will last for longer. These are known as “persistent cookies”.
We use cookies to:
remember that you have visited us before, which allows us to identify the number of unique visitors we receive. This allows us to make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get; customise elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of the Service; and
collect statistical information about how you use the Service so that we can improve the Service and learn which parts of the Service are most popular to visitors.
Some of the cookies used by our Service are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf. For example, we use Google Analytics to track what users do on the Service so we can improve the design and functionality.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. Please note however, that by blocking or deleting cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Service’s features.
Your Rights
You have a right to know what personal data we hold about you. You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data deleted or updated. You have a right to prevent the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us or by managing your account and choices through available profile management tools on your device and our services. In some cases, especially if you wish us to delete or stop processing your personal data, this may also mean that we may not be able to continue to provide the services to you.
Complaints
Australian Privacy Principle 1 of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) allows you to make a complaint about any alleged breaches of privacy. In order to lodge a complaint with us, please contact us at the email address specified below with the following information:
Your name and address;
Details of the alleged breach of privacy; and
URL link to the alleged breach of privacy (if applicable).
We will respond to the complaint within 30 days.
The Controller of Your Personal Information
SkedGo Pty Limited of Level 8 / 11 York Street SYDNEY NSW 2000, Australia is the controller of your personal information.
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments you have about this privacy policy or any requests concerning your personal information by email to
support@skedgo.com
.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time by changing it on the Service. By using the Service, you agree to be bound by the version of the privacy policy displayed when you use the Service.