888poker
Security and Privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Users
INTRODUCTION
The Company (as defined in the
User Agreement
applicable to you), offers online gambling services (collectively, the “
Services
”). The Company forms part of the 888 group of companies (the '
Group
', '
we
', '
our
' or '
us
'). The contact details of the different entities of the Group are available under the “HOW TO CONTACT US” Section.
The Group is deeply committed to safeguard the privacy expectations of its users (“
User(s)
”, “
you
” or “
your
”). Accordingly, we have put in place this Privacy Policy, which outlines our data protection practices, including how we collect, use, disclose and protect your Personal Information, as well as your rights with respect to your Personal Information.
In this Privacy Policy, you can learn about:
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
CONDITIONS FOR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
MINORS
HOW WE USE THE COLLECTED INFORMATION?
MARKETING
WITH WHOM WE SHARE INFORMATION?
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
THIRD PARTY TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
YOUR RIGHTS
HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURED
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
HOW TO CONTACT US
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions. By visiting the Group’s websites, mobile apps or other online properties, or by creating an account through our Services, you hereby indicate that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
If you are using the sports betting services, your personal information use will be also governed by either this Privacy Policy, or the privacy policy of our service provider Kambi. Kambi provides us with a sports betting risk platform and assists in the assessment of bets made through 888. Kambi’s privacy policy is available
here
.
The Group provides the Services through the following applications and platforms (collectively the “
Platforms
”):
Internet websites, including this website;
Downloadable applications and software ('Software'), such as native applications which are distributed through mobile application stores and PC and Mac desktop software which can be downloaded to your computer;
Non-downloadable online applications (e.g. flash applications, HTML5 applications, etc.); and
Facebook applications.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We collect two types of information from our Users:
Personal Information
The first type of information which we collect is information that identifies or may reasonably identify an individual reasonable effort (“
Personal Information
”). Personal Information which is being gathered may consist of the following:
Account details
: When you open an account and register to use the Services, you will be asked to provide us certain details about yourself, such as: first and last name, email address, username, gender, birth date, personal numeric code, age, profile picture, physical address, ID number, fiscal code, phone number and occupation. In addition, we may collect certain information as required under various gambling regulations, as well as Know Your Client (“
KYC
”) and Anti-Money Laundering (“
AML
”) regulatory requirements, such as your source of funds.
Governmental-issued ID
: In certain instances, you may be required to provide a copy of a governmental-issued ID, for identity verification process. Please note that this information is required for certain features of our Services.
Gaming information
: in order for us to provide the Services, we automatically record different information related to your account and use of our Services, including with respect to your transactions, deposits, balances, bets, withdraws, bonuses and winnings. We also collect information regarding potential gambling problems or addictions, based on your patterns of gambling across our services, in order to ensure a responsible gaming environment and as required by law.
Financial information
: In order for you to enjoy all of the functions of the Services (e.g. place bets, perform purchases, play in tournaments, etc.), payment information will be collected from you, such as your currency, credit card number, payment method and bank account details.
Voluntary information
: We also collect information which you provide us voluntarily, such as information provided by our VIP customers. For example, when you respond to communications from us, communicate with us via email or share additional information about yourself through your use of the Services, such as on the chat feature and in games. This includes information you are willing to share with us for the purpose of improving and developing our relationship with you, as well as for maintaining your stratification from our services (for example, information about your marital status and family, your hobbies and interests, and other information you share with us through surveys).
Device information
: We collect specific types of connection details and information with regard to your device, software or hardware that may identify you, such as: device’s unique identifiers (e.g. UDID, IMEI and MAC address), browser fingerprinting, IP address and geo-location data.
Telephone calls
: We record or monitor telephone calls for customer support, training and/or security purposes.
Events
: during our events, we conduct interview and take photos and videos, which may feature attendees, speakers, sponsors or exhibitors. Where photos and videos are taken that feature you as an attendee, speaker, sponsor or exhibitor, we may use those photos and videos for promotional purposes. We may also use your interview for promotional purposes (such as by quoting you).
Social networks
: When you register through your social network account (such as your Facebook account), to use the Services or connect your player account with such account, we will have access to basic information from your social network account, such as your name, birthdate, profile picture and friends' list, as well as information you made publicly available on such account.
In addition, when using the Services, you may be able via your social network to 'Invite a Friend' to use the Services. Should the person accept your invitation, we may obtain Personal Information from him/her such as: name, email address, phone number and date of birth. We will use the Personal Information for the purposes set out herein and disclose such information only to third parties as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect from third parties
: We collect Personal Information from third party service providers, such as information about your credit history from credit agencies and other financial information which is relevant to the provision of the Services, as well as information which is gathered in order to verify your identity and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity.
Non-personal Information
The second type of information is un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to a User(s), which may be made available or gathered via the User’s use of the Services (“Non-Personal Information”).
Non-Personal Information which is being collected consists of technical information and aggregated usage information, and may contain, among other things, the User’s operating system, type of browser, screen resolution, browser and keyboard language, the User’s ‘click-stream’ and activities on the Services, the period of time the User visited the Services and related time stamps, etc.
For avoidance of doubt, any Non-personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
Types of Non-personal Information we collect from or about you:
Log-in history and technical information
: In order to enhance the functionality of the Services and to provide you with a better user experience, we collect technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information (e.g. the type of browser and operating system your device uses, language preference, access time and the domain name of the website from which you linked to the Services; etc.).
Gameplay information
: We record game play information including, amongst other things, your deposits, bets, bonuses, game session duration and your high scores. We may also share and publish such information through any of our Platforms.
Device and connection information
: we collect information from the particular device you are using, for security and fraud detection and prevention purposes. For example, we may gather information with regard to other software which is running simultaneously with the Software for detecting if you are using software which is associated with fraudulent activity (e.g. robots, malware, etc.) or checking if the connection you are using is via a VPN or proxy.
Analytics information
: We collect information about your use of the Services, such as applications' usage, log files, user activity (e.g. pages viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages, online browsing, clicks, actions, etc.), time stamps, alerts, etc. This information is collected for amongst other things troubleshooting errors and bugs as well as for research and analytics purposes about your use of the Services.
Anonymous information
: We may anonymize or de-identify the information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information cannot, on its own, personally identify you. Our use and disclosure of such aggregated or de-identified information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation and for any purpose, such as for advertising or marketing purposes.
CONDITIONS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, each of which is prescribed by relevant data protection laws.
Fulfillment of a contract, compliance with a legal obligation
It is necessary for us to process your Personal Information where it is necessary for the performance of a contract (such as for the User Agreement) or in order for us to comply with our various legal and/or regulatory responsibilities, including, but not limited to, complying with the conditions of our gambling licenses and complying with any AML and KYC legislation.
Legitimate interests
We also process your Personal Information where we deem such processing to be in our (or a third party's) legitimate interests and provided always that such processing will not prejudice your interests, rights and freedoms. Examples of us processing in accordance with legitimate interests would include: (i) where we disclose your Personal Information to any one or more of our associate/subsidiary companies following a restructure or for internal administrative purposes; (ii) detection and retention of information pertaining to those with responsible gambling issues; (iii) processing for the purposes of ensuring network and information security, including preventing unauthorized access to our electronic communications network; (iv) safeguarding the integrity of our Services by combatting, reporting and sharing information related to suspicious betting patterns or fraudulent activities; (v) adhering to regulatory and statutory requirements; (vi) devising a tailored reward scheme for players; and (vii) sharing personal information with our advisers and professional services providers (such as auditors) for ensuring our compliance with regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
Consent
Our processing of your Personal Information will primarily be necessary for us to provide you with the Services. However, on certain occasions we may ask for your consent to processing Personal Information. In these instances your Personal Information will be processed in accordance with such consent and you will be able to withdraw this consent in writing at any time.
Special Categories of Personal Data
Our processing of your Personal Information may also involve special categories of personal data, such as your racial or ethnic origin (as defined under Article 9 of the GDPR). We will process such information, as well as disclose it to competent authorities (such as licensing bodies or law enforcement bodies), where it is necessary for the following purposes (to the extent permissible by applicable law): (i) prevention or detection of an unlawful act, (i) prevention of dishonesty, malpractice or other seriously improper conduct, provided that obtaining your consent may prejudice those purposes. In addition, we may process and disclose such information where it is necessary for the purposes of safeguarding your (or others’) economic well-being (such as detection and retention of information pertaining to those with responsible gambling issues). We, or third parties on our behalf, may also process your biometric data, based on a photo provided by you, to comply with our legal obligation to verify your identity.
MINORS
The Services are not designed or directed to persons under the age of 18 with respect to the use of the Services (“
Legally of Age
”). If you are not Legally of Age, you should not download or use the Services nor provide any Personal Information to us.
We reserve the right to access and verify any Personal Information collected from you. In the event that we become aware that a user who is not Legally of Age has shared any information, we may discard such information unless it is needed to comply with any legal or statutory obligation binding upon us. If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared any information with us, please contact us (our contact details are available under the 'HOW TO CONTACT US?' section).
HOW WE USE THE COLLECTED INFORMATION?
We use your Personal Information for the purposes listed below:
To set up, manage and update your account;
To provide and operate the Services (such as for betting and payment processing);
To communicate with you and to keep you informed of our latest updates to our Services and special offers;
To determine your VIP status;
To market our Services (see more below under “Marketing”), as well as to serve you advertisements, including behavioral advertising and broadcasting designated tournaments;
To conduct analytics, statistical and research purposes, in order to improve and customize the Services to your needs and interests (such as by compiling aggregated reports about the usage of certain features of our Services);
For customer relationship management purposes, and to support and troubleshoot the Services and to respond to your queries;
To enable us to further develop, customize and improve the Services based on Users’ common preferences and uses;
To provide you with a responsible gaming environment;
To communicate with you and to process any of your requests to exercise your User Rights;
To identify and authenticate your access to certain features of the Services;
To detect and prevent fraudulent and illegal activity or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Services, including by identifying risks associated with your activity on our Services;
To investigate violations of our policies and User Agreement as well as enforce our policies and the User Agreement;
To investigate and resolve disputes in connection with your use of the Services;
To assist us with meeting our regulatory obligations or as required by law or regulation (such as gambling regulations, KYC and AML regulatory requirements), including for the purpose of ascertaining your source of funds or income, or as required by other governmental authorities, or to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or respond to a government request; and
In addition, we use your Personal Information upon your specific and informed consent, such as for certain marketing and promotional activities.
Where you have not consented (or have withdrawn your consent) to the processing of your Personal Information by us, we may continue to process your Personal Information (a) where processing is required for the performance of the contract (i.e. the User Agreement) between you and us; and/or (b) where processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject; (c) where processing is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest of the Company (including for security reasons or for marketing purposes).
MARKETING
The Group will use your Personal Information, such as your name, home address, email address, telephone number etc., ourselves or by using our third party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning the Services as well as products, services, websites and applications which relate to: (i) other companies within the Group; (ii) or (ii) the Group's business partners and affiliates (collectively: “
Marketing Affiliates
”), which we believe may interest you.
We may also share and disclose Personal Information with our Marketing Affiliates for the purpose of providing you different marketing offers, which we, or our Marketing Affiliates, believe are relevant for you. Our Marketing Affiliates may use this Personal Information for different marketing techniques, such as direct email, post, SMS and telephone marketing purposes.
We will use your Personal Information for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials solely where we have a legitimate interest in doing do, or where we have obtained your affirmative consent.
You may at any time decline receiving further marketing offers from us or from Marketing Affiliates by either: following the guidelines available on the marketing communications, (such as selecting the opt-out link inserted in the promotional emails) via “My Account” page on the site or by contacting support (our contact details are available under the 'HOW TO CONTACT US?' Section). Please note that even if you unsubscribe from our marketing mailing list, we may continue to send you service-related updates and notifications.
Please note
: you can control the delivery of certain advertising or social campaigns through the settings offered by the respective third party platforms (e.g. Facebook).
In addition, if you download any of our mobile applications to your device from the Apple AppStore or Google Play, the only way to prevent receipt of notifications is by changing the settings on the device itself.
TARGETED ADVERTISING
We use third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you visit the Platform and use the Services. You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative ('
NAI
') and the Digital Advertising Alliance ('
DAA
').
For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp and
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE INFORMATION?
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third parties (“
Recipients
”) except as described in this Privacy Policy. The Personal Information will be disclosed to Recipients only to the extent required for the specific purpose, as stipulated in this Privacy Policy.
We share Personal Information with any of the following recipients:
Any replacement service provider that we engage with to operate the Platforms;
Companies within the Group and other affiliated companies;
Gaming providers;
Subcontractors and third party service providers, as well as their subcontractors, which by way of example include (but is not limited to) cloud computing companies, marketing affiliates, identity verification and fraud prevention services, and other data verifiers;
Credit reporting agencies ('
CRAs
') and credit reference bureaus, including for conducting name, address and age checks. In order to open an account for you, we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies and they will provide us information about you. This may include:
Identity and contact data;
Information from your credit application;
Information about your financial situation and financial history;
Public information (including the electoral register);
Shared credit details; and
Fraud prevention information.
We do so to check your identity, manage your account and prevent criminal activity. The identities of the CRAs, their role as fraud prevention agencies, the data they hold, the ways in which they use and share personal information, their data retention periods and your data protection rights with the CRAs are explained in more details at the websites below:
TransUnion (formerly Callcredit):
https://www.transunion.co.uk/crain
Equifax:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Experian:
https://www.experian.co.uk/crain/
Payment service providers, payment processors and banks;
Any third parties who provides services in relation to the operation or promotion of the applicable Group’s brands;
Any third party who provides you with a tangible prize;
Any third parties who organize offline events or tournaments on behalf of or in conjunction with any companies within the Group;
Hotels and flight companies (such as in the context of offline events and promotions);
Auditors, contractors or legal/financial/other advisers of any of the Group’s business processes;
Any third parties who investigate, detect or prevent fraudulent or illegal activity or enable us to enforce our policies, including in order to ascertain your source of income or funds (e.g. governmental authorities, law enforcement bodies, banks and other investigatory bodies); in this regard, we share device-identifying information, which may consist of Personal Information, with iovation Inc., a trusted partner that specializes in fraud prevention services - more information you can find in iovation Inc.'s
privacy policy;
Gambling addictions bodies;
Licensing authorities, governmental and regulatory bodies, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; and
Potential purchasers, successors or investors in any of the companies within the Group, or in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, reorganization, bankruptcy, consolidation or asset sale of an asset or transfer in the operation thereof) in relation to any company within the Group (in such event, the acquiring company or transferee will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy).
In addition to the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, we share Personal Information with those Recipients for any of the following purposes:
Storing such information on our behalf, for example by using cloud computing service providers;
Processing such information to assist us with our business operations (e.g. to process payments and your deposits; authenticate your access; auditing our operations; detect and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity; etc.);
Performing research, technical diagnostics or analytics;
Communicating targeted advertising, as well as promotional and informational materials, in accordance with our marketing policy (see above, in the section titled 'Marketing'); and
Whenever we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or legal claims, enforce our policies (including our User Agreement and Privacy Policy), protect your safety or the safety of others, as well as to investigate or prevent any fraud, for security reasons or to help us with any other related technical issue.
For Users of our betting products that are located in Germany, personal information will be also transmitted to SCHUFA, as explained below:
Data transmission to SCHUFA – the Company transmits personal data related to the request for, performance of and termination of the respective business relationship to SCHUFA Holding AG, Kormoranweg 5, 65201 Wiesbaden along with data about non-contractual behaviour or fraudulent behaviour collected within the scope of this contractual relationship.
The legal basis for these transfers is Article 6(1)(b) and Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Transfers on the basis of Article 6(1)(f)f GDPR may only take place if this is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the business partner or a third party and does not outweigh the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require the protection of personal data. The data exchange with SCHUFA also serves the fulfilment of legal obligations to carry out creditworthiness checks of customers (Sections 505a and 506 of the Civil Code). This also includes fraud prevention.
SCHUFA processes the data received and also uses it for the purpose of scoring in order to provide its contractual partners in the European Economic Area and in Switzerland and, if applicable, other third countries (provided that the European Commission has made an adequacy decision in this regard) with information, inter alia, for assessing the creditworthiness of natural persons. Independent of credit rating scoring, SCHUFA supports its business partners by creating profiles for recognising conspicuous facts (e.g. for the purpose of fraud prevention in mail order transactions). For this purpose, inquiries from SCHUFA business partners are analysed in order to examine them for potential anomalies. In addition to inquiries from the past ninety days, this calculation – which is carried out individually for the respective business partner - may also include address data, information whether and in which function an entry on a person in public life with matching personal data is included in generally accessible sources, as well as aggregated statistical information from the SCHUFA database. This procedure has no effect on SCHUFA's credit assessment and credit rating scoring.
Further information on the activities of SCHUFA can be found in the SCHUFA Information Sheet or online at www.schufa.de/datenschutz.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Since we operate globally, it may be necessary for the provision of Services and to the extent required for the specific purpose, as stipulated in this Privacy Policy to transfer your Personal Information to countries outside the European Economic Area. The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Economic Area.
We use best efforts to ensure that your Personal Information is protected in accordance with our Privacy Policy, through contractual means (such as by using the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission for data transfer, as available here) or other means (such as ensuring that the European Commission decisions determined that such jurisdictions offer adequate level of protection, as available here).
For more information about the transfer of your personal data outside of the EEA, please contact us (our contact details are available under the 'HOW TO CONTACT US?' Section).
THIRD PARTY TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit or access our Services (for example when you visit our websites), we use (and authorize third parties to use) web beacons, cookies, pixels, scripts, tags and other technologies ('
Tracking Technologies
').
The Tracking Technologies allow us to automatically collect information about you and your online behavior, as well as your device (for example your computer or mobile device), for different purposes, such as in order to enhance your navigation on our Services, improve our Services’ performance and customize your experience on our Services. We also use this information to collect statistics about the usage of our Services, perform analytics, deliver content which is tailored to your interests and administer services to our Users, advertisers, publishers, customers and partners.
We also allow third parties to collect information about you through Tracking Technologies. To learn more please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
While using the Services you may encounter links to third party websites, services or applications. Please keep in mind that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible, downloadable, or otherwise distributed through the Services.
Please be advised that such third party websites, services or applications are independent from the Group. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such third party websites and/or services. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use of such third party websites and/or services, as their terms, not ours, will apply to any of your interactions with such third parties.
You should always review their privacy practices carefully before providing Personal Information to such third parties.
You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using any third-party websites, services or applications. You agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your usage of them.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have registered with an account through our Services, the Group will retain your Personal Information during the period your account is active. In addition, the Group will retain your Personal Information for additional periods, as strictly necessary to enable the Group to meet its legal obligations under applicable laws or regulations, such as the applicable gambling regulations, KYC and AML regulations, as well as to meet the Group’s contractual obligations.
In addition, the Group may retain your Personal Information for longer periods, provided that retaining such information is strictly necessary for the Group’s legitimate interests, such as fraud prevention and record keeping, responsible gaming reasons, resolving or exercising claims regarding potential disputes, and where the Group is guided to do so by the applicable supervisory authority.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may contact us at any time by email (our contact details are available under the 'HOW TO CONTACT US?' section), and request:
To access or delete any Personal Information relating to you;
To change or update any Personal Information relating to you (for example, if you believe that your Personal Information is incorrect, you may ask to have it corrected or deleted). Note that you may also request that we will correct errors with regard to your Personal Information (except in cases where the information is required to be kept in its original format under any applicable laws and regulations);
That we will restrict or cease any further use of your Personal Information;
That we will provide the Personal Information you volunteered to us in a machine-readable format;
To object to the processing of your Personal Information (such as for marketing purposes);
To withdraw your consent to our processing activities (provided that such processing activities rely on your consent, and not on a different legal basis);
To not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, except where such processing is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, or it is based on your explicit consent, as provided hereunder.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including gambling regulations and other legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations. We may also rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion, in accordance with our internal policies.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURED
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the Services and your information. We have put in place appropriate physical and technological safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
We employ industry standard procedures and controls to ensure the safety of our users’ information, such as:
Secure network topology, which includes intrusion prevention and Firewall systems;
Encrypted communication;
Authentication and Access Control;
External and Internal audit tests; etc.
Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse the Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will make reasonable efforts to provide notify you prior to any substantial changes of this Privacy Policy. Such substantial changes will take within a reasonable timeframe after such notice was provided, as detailed in the proposed change. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Services after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
HOW TO CONTACT US?
If you have any general questions about the Services or the information that we collect about you and how we use it, please contact us via live chat, email at
DPO@888Holdings.com
or through one of the companies detailed below, as explained below:
For the following jurisdictions:
Name of Data Controller in the Group entity
Contact details
If you play or register an account in the United Kingdom
888 UK Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Suite 601-701 Europort Avenue, Gibraltar
UK Representative
:
EDPO UK Ltd.
By online form:
Link
Attn: EDPO UK, 8 Northumberland Avenue, London, WC2N 5BY, UK
If you use one of our betting products while located in Sweden, Portugal, Denmark, Italy, Romania or any other European Single Market member states (except as indicated otherwise in this Section)
Virtual Internet Services Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
601-701 Europort, GX11 1AA, Gibraltar
If you use one of our betting products while located in Spain
888 Online Games España S.A.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Millán Astray Street, nº 1, 51001 Ceuta, Spain
If you use our 888, 888 Poker or 888 Casino products in Ireland
Virtual Digital Services Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Level 7, Tagliaferro Business Centre, 14, High Street, Sliema, SLM 1549, Malta
If you use our 888 Sport product while located in Ireland
888 (Ireland) Ltd
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Level 7, Tagliaferro Business Centre, 14, High Street, Sliema, SLM 1549, Malta
If you register an account in Canada
VDSL (International) Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Suite 601-701 Europort Avenue, Gibraltar
All other jurisdictions
Virtual Global Digital Services Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Suite 601-701 Europort Avenue, Gibraltar
We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time via live chat. If you are unsatisfied with our response, you can lodge a complaint with the applicable data protection supervisory authority.
The Privacy Policy has been drafted in the English language. In the event of any discrepancy between the meanings of any translated versions of the Privacy Policy and the English language version, the meaning of the English language version shall prevail, to the extent permissible by domestic law in the jurisdiction you reside in.
Last updated on May, 2024
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Complete Security
Fair play
License
Responsible Gaming
Secure Transactions
User Agreement
Disconnection Policy
Spoofed Email
No Spyware
Cookie Policy
Back to top
This Website uses cookies
We use cookies to improve your experience, tailor content and optimize functionality. For more information:
Cookie Policy
Accept
Customize Cookies.
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This website uses cookies to remember users and understand ways to enhance their experience. Some cookies are essential, others help us improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is used. For more information, please visit our
Privacy Policy.
Accept All
Manage your cookies preferences
Always Active
These SDKs are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these SDKs, but some parts of the site will not then work. These SDKs do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance SDKs
These SDKs allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these SDKs collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these SDKs we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional SDKs
These SDKs enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these SDKs then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting SDKs
These SDKs may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these SDKs, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.888poker.com/security-and-privacy/:
888poker
Security and Privacy
×
Security and Privacy
Our Security and Privacy policies ensure that our players are protected and can enjoy a safe and secure online gaming experience.
Disconnection Policy
No Spyware
Privacy Policy
Spoofed Email
User Agreement
Cookie Policy
Back to top
Sub-policy 1
https://www.transunion.com/privacy/iovation:
iovation, Inc. Privacy Notice
Privacy Notices
Iovation, Inc. Privacy Notice
TransUnion LLC (TransUnion)
TransUnion Consumer Interactive (TUI)
TransUnion Rental Screening Services (TURSS)
TransUnion Risk and Alternative Data Solutions (TRADS)
Marketing Solutions
TruAudience(R) Marketing Solutions
iovation
Neustar
TransUnion Customer/Partner Portal
Global Job Applicant
International Regions
Print
This notice was last modified on and has an effective date of September 12, 2024.
We have recently updated our Privacy Notice. Be sure to review it carefully to understand our privacy practices.
Sontiq, Argus Advisory, and Commerce Signals are now TransUnion Companies. To learn how these companies handle personal information about you and the rights you may have regarding that personal information, please visit the
Sontiq Privacy Center
, the
Argus Privacy Notice
, and
Commerce Signals Privacy Notice
.
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) provides information about how iovation, Inc. handles personal information and describes the rights you may have regarding your personal information, as it applies to the processing of personal information by iovation, Inc., iovation, Ltd., its subsidiaries, and affiliates (collectively, "iovation," "we," "us," or “our”).
iovation is a US headquartered company, and part of the TransUnion group of companies, that assists businesses ("Customers" or “Subscribers”) to detect and combat online fraud and other types of cybercrime (our “Services"). This Notice explains our practices regarding the processing of personal information both through our website, its subdomains (collectively “Website”), and in the course of providing our Services.
Use of our Website or Services constitutes your agreement to the terms of this Notice. If you do not agree with the terms of this Notice, please do not use our Website or Services. This Notice does not cover practices of other TransUnion businesses or products, nor your interactions with us as a job applicant. Please see those respective privacy notices listed on the left-hand panel of this page for more information on those privacy practices.
Analytics Disclosure:
We use Google Analytics 360, including Google Tag Manager and Google Ads. If you would like to learn more about Google Analytics, or opt out of this data collection and sharing activity, please use this link:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. Please visit our
Cookies and Similar Technologies Notice
for information regarding our tracking technologies.
Visit our
Consumer Privacy Rights
page to exercise your privacy rights and choices.
Visit our
Data Privacy Framework
page if you are in an EU Member country, the UK, or Switzerland and would like to learn more about iovation’s personal information transfers to the US.
If you are unable to understand the language of this Notice, please use the following links to review our translated versions.
Dutch –
Privacybeleid in het Nederlands
French (Canada) –
Politique de confidentialité en français canadien
German –
Datenschutzerklärung auf Deutsch
Portugese (Brazil) –
Política de Privacidade em Português Brasileiro
Spanish –
Política de Privacidad en Español
Alternatively, you may use an online translation tool or your browser settings to translate the text to your preferred language. This may not render a perfect translation but should aid your understanding.
Notice at Collection:
iovation collects certain data directly via our Website (using cookies and similar trackers) that is subject to the California Privacy Rights Act. The categories of personal information that we collect are listed below in “Personal information we collect,” and the purposes for which we collect and use personal information are listed under, “Purpose for collecting and use of personal information.” To learn more about your privacy rights, including your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of data collected via our Website, please navigate to the “Privacy rights and choices – United States” section below. Our retention practices are outlined below under “Retaining personal information.”
View annual consumer requests
metrics
(California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Data Broker Registration) for TransUnion Companies.
1. Personal information we collect
Information collected automatically.
When a Customer subscribes to our Services, our JavaScript code and/or our SDKs enable the collection of certain device identifiers and IP addresses, and iovation cookies may be placed on your device. This information is no different than the types of information captured by common web analytics tools. The information is sent back to the Customer and subsequently passed onto iovation for further processing.
We may also capture geolocation information, using various technologies to determine the location of your device during specific activities and interactions with a Customer website or app.
In addition, we may collect behavioral information about your interactions with online forms on a Customer’s website or mobile app. This is used to alert our Customers to potentially fraudulent behaviors.
Please visit our
Cookies and Similar Technologies Notice
for more detailed information regarding our tracking technologies.
Additional information our Customers provide to us.
Our Customers may optionally provide us with information, including personal data you provide, about the transactions you carry out on their website or app. This information is used to alert our Customers to potential risk related to the transaction including fraud and system abuse analysis, to fulfill their own regulatory obligations and for other reasons of substantial public interest. They might also optionally provide us with information about the transactions you carry out on their website or app.
Information about our Customers.
If you are a Customer, we may also collect certain personal information about you (from you directly or your employer) to enable us to manage our business relationship with you, such as your name, contact details, job title, billing, and payment information.
Automated Decision Making.
iovation does not conduct automated decision making, although iovation does conduct profiling as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”), which applies to persons situated in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and the EU GDPR as amended and incorporated into the law of the United Kingdom (“UK”) (“UK GDPR”), which applies to persons situated in the UK.
When we refer to profiling, we mean using personal information to make predictions about you, or to categorize you into particular groups. Typically, this would involve determining whether a device is reliable when linked to a transaction through a Customer website or app, or whether it is linked to a fraudulent transaction.
2. Purpose for collecting and use of personal information
Once the information described above has been passed to iovation, we process the data through our Global Device Intelligence Platform to return a score or scores to our Customer for the device. This score is calculated based on rules that are set by our Customers. The rules set by our Customers will depend on the business they operate and the types of fraud or system abuse pertinent to their services. We may also return fraud ‘flags’ related to our analysis.
Once the Customer receives a score, it is up to the Customer to decide what action to take from there. For example, transactions with certain scores may be denied, flagged for review, or presented with further authentication challenges. In most cases, however, the transaction or activity will proceed with no issues.
In addition, we may provide information assessing the risks associated with a phone number or email address.
We may also use personal information we collect through the Services for the following purposes:
To optimize and improve the Services, including the use of Artificial Intelligence (A.I.), Machine Learning and data analytics for the purposes of improving fraud detection and prevention services;
To enable our consortium of Customers to share information about known fraudulent or malicious devices;
To deliver our products, which includes the use of machine learning algorithms;
To analyze the use of the Services for internal business purposes;
To provide customer service and support;
To send our Customers communications about their account, provide service updates and marketing information (where it is in accordance with their marketing preferences);
To investigate any lawful or wrongful activity or unauthorized access to our Services and those of our Customers;
To provide services in the substantial public interest; and
For other legitimate business purposes and other purposes about which we will notify you.
3. Lawful basis for processing personal information
Where personal information is collected from the EEA or the UK, it is necessary to have a lawful basis for the processing of personal information. This section explains the legal basis on which we process your personal information.
Legitimate Interests.
The EU, EEA and UK’s data protection law allows the use of personal information where necessary for legitimate purposes provided that this isn’t outweighed by the impact it has on you. The law calls this the “legitimate interests” condition for processing personal information.
Most of our processing activities are based on the legitimate interest condition. This includes almost all of our Fraud Prevention and Device Risk products. These legitimate interests include the processing of personal information strictly necessary for the purposes of prevention of fraud, unlawful acts and other forms of cybercrime. This includes the use of Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning/ Data Analytics for improving our products and fraud detection services under this lawful basis.
We may also process business to business marketing data for the purposes of direct marketing to our business customers under this lawful basis.
Our International Transfers of personal information from the EEA and/or UK to Third Countries outside of the EEA and/or UK (including the United States), is also carried out as a legitimate interest of the business.
Consent.
We sometimes rely on consent in order to process personal information, but this is relatively rare.
Performance of Our Contract with You.
We also use this basis for processing some of our staff data.
Substantial Public Interests.
Where our Device Risk service is used by businesses in regulated industries, such as online gaming, to assist them with their regulatory duties for responsible gaming, personal information may be processed of reasons of substantial public interest where an end-user chooses to self-exclude from online gaming with a Subscriber.
4. Disclosing for a business purpose and selling/sharing personal information
We may share personal information collected through our Website and Services in the following ways:
Information Shared with TransUnion Companies.
We may share any of the above personal information with other members of the iovation and TransUnion Companies for purposes consistent with this Notice
Information Shared with Our Customers.
In making the internet a safer place, we may share personal information with our Subscribers for the fraud protection and account management purposes described above. Our Subscribers provide the online services that iovation protects from online fraud and abuse. We do not share precise geolocation information, except to the extent that we return it to the Subscriber who shared it with us, though we do share scores based on such information. We do not share behavioral information, though we do share scores based on such information with the Subscriber who shared it with us. We do not share information about the transactions you carry out, except to the extent that we return it (and scores/alerts based on such information) to the Subscriber who shared it with us.
Information Shared with Our Service Providers.
We may also engage certain trusted third-party service providers, consultants, or vendors to assist us in the provision of the Website and Services. We will only share your personal information with third parties to the extent necessary to perform such functions and in accordance with the purposes set out in this Notice and applicable laws. Our service providers include Cloud Hosting and Data Warehousing vendors as well as services to identify anomalous behavior to assist with the detection and prevention of fraud.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transfers.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, acquisition, dissolution, financing or other similar event, your personal information may be shared or transferred in connection with, or during negotiations of, such event or transaction with entities involved in the event or transaction as parties or advisors, or otherwise providing services in connection to the event or transaction.
Information Disclosed for Legal Purposes and Protection of Others.
We may disclose personal information to a third party where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal process, or governmental requests. We will also disclose personal information to the extent we believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, judicial orders, subpoenas, warrants, or other process issued by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) to protect the vital interests of any person; (iii) to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights; and (iii) to stop any activity we consider illegal, unethical, or legally actionable.
As a developer of fraud and identity products, iovation and TransUnion may receive requests from law enforcement and other public authorities along with requests from courts and litigation parties across the world for access to personal information. Such information may relate to consumer and customer data associated with legal, criminal and national security investigations and proceedings.
TransUnion understands that the disclosure of information to public authorities is often an important step in combatting financial crime and other unlawful activities. TransUnion also understands the value of personal privacy and the rights granted by privacy and security laws around the world.
TransUnion has therefore put in place policies, procedures and practices to ensure that all such requests are reviewed appropriately and in accordance with the EU GDPR and UK GDPR, and the Chapter V, Article 46 Transfer Mechanism, which enables personal information to be exported from the EU, EEA and UK.
The policies, procedures and practices ensure that TransUnion associates are aware of the nature of local laws and practices, and the legal limits of those laws and practices. Where legally appropriate, requests for access to personal information will be the subject of legal challenge and appeal, irrespective of the sensitivity and context of the request. Furthermore, suitable supplementary measures have been put in place in order to protect personal information that is exported from the EEA and/or UK, to ensure security, integrity and prevent interception of data in transit.
Data Subjects within the EEA or UK are entitled to a copy of the Art.46 GDPR Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) that apply to any such transfer of their personal information outside of the EEA or UK. Requests should be submitted to
PDLGFSPrivacy@transunion.com
.
In accordance with applicable laws and their defined terms – NOTICE: We and this website may sell your sensitive personal data.
5. Privacy rights and choices – United States
In the United States, iovation offers its Services to Customers as a service provider/data processor or subject to other exceptions under the applicable state privacy laws. Since iovation is acting as a service provider/data processor, we are processing data on behalf of others who will provide the applicable privacy rights.
To opt out of iovation Website cookies and for information regarding our tracking technologies, please visit our
Cookies and Similar Technologies Notice
also available  by navigating to the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of this website.
The information collected by iovation’s Website is pseudonymized and is not linked directly to you as a person, including to your name, phone number, email address, or other directly identifying personal information. We are unable to verify your identity or the identity of a child or dependent of yours for the purposes of providing verifiable consumer requests (such as access, deletion, and correction).
At this time, we are not collecting sensitive personal information subject to the right to limit.
We do not knowingly sell personal information of children under the age of eighteen (18) years.
We do not discriminate against you based on your exercise of your privacy rights.
For more information regarding your general privacy rights with TransUnion Companies, visit TransUnion’s
Consumer Privacy Rights
page.
6. Privacy rights and choices – Outside the United States
If you are from certain territories (such as the EEA or UK) you may have certain rights in relation to your personal information, such as the right of access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, and/or to object to certain processing.
Where your personal information has been provided to us with your consent, and the EU GDPR or UK GDPR is applicable, you are able to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that other methods of lawful processing are also used.
If you wish to exercise such rights, or you have any questions or comments concerning your personal information, please contact us at
PDLGFSPrivacy@transunion.com
.
For more information about iovation’s transfers from the EU, UK, and Switzerland to the US, if you reside in one of these jurisdictions, please visit our
Data Privacy Framework
page.
Please note, that where personal information is collected within iovation’s Services, iovation is not able to directly identify end users of the services provided by our Subscribers. In these circumstances, iovation invite data subjects to contact the iovation Subscriber who they believe used iovation fraud prevention and account authentication solutions. We will cooperate with our Subscribers to enact data subject rights requests.
If you wish to make a general complaint about our privacy practices, please write to us at the email address above and we will respond within a reasonable time and in accordance with applicable laws. If you are situated in the EEA and/or UK, you also have the right to complain to the
supervisory authority
at any time. We will consider and respond to your request promptly and in accordance with any applicable laws.
If you wish to be removed from our mailing list, you can do so my clicking "unsubscribe" in any email communications we send you, or by emailing us at the address above.
7. International transfers of personal information
If you are visiting our Website or using our Services from outside the United States (“US”), including in the European Union (“EU”), EEA, or UK, please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to the US and potentially other countries whose data protection laws may not be as protective as those in your country of residence. However, our collection, storage, and use of your personal information will at all times be in accordance with this Notice wherever it is processed.
iovation transfers personal information from the EEA and/or UK using a transfer mechanism known as the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (“EU-US DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-US DPF”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce.
iovation has certified to the US Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-US DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal information received from the EU in reliance on the EU-US DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF.
iovation has certified to the US Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-US DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-US DPF.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Notice and the EU-US DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-US DPF Principles (collectively, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
To learn more about iovation’s transfers from the EU, UK, and Switzerland to the US under the DPF Principles visit our
Data Privacy Framework
page.
For our Services, we will work with our Customers to put in place any appropriate data export solutions that may be needed under applicable laws.
The General Data Protection Regulation requires that iovation, Inc. have a representative within the EU. In the EU, we have appointed Trustev Limited of Cork Airport Business Park, Building 2100, Rathmacullig West Cork, Co. Cork, Ireland. e:
Eurepresentative@transunion.com
The United Kingdom Data Protection Act (2018) requires that iovation, Inc. have a representative within the UK. In the UK, we have appointed iovation, Ltd. of 29/30 Fitzroy Square, London, United Kingdom, W1T 6LQ e:
PDLGFSPrivacy@transunion.com
.
8. Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs)
For any Customers whose use of iovation products is subject to the GDPR or UK GDPR and who wish to use the Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) as their basis for transferring data to iovation, we have made available a contract addendum.
Please download the addendum
, sign and return to
PDLGFSLegal@transunion.com
if you wish to incorporate the same into your contract.
We have made available a similar addendum for partners or resellers.
Please download the addendum
, sign and return to
PDLGFSLegal@transunion.com
.
We may also rely on adequacy decisions to transfer data outside of the EEA or UK including the US Data Privacy Framework. For more information on iovation’s participation in the program, please visit our
Data Privacy Framework
page.
9. Securing personal information
We will use appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information. We maintain a comprehensive information security program with administrative (policies, standards, and processes), physical, technical, and organizational controls designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and accessibility of personal information, including protection from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, alteration, or destruction. Please be aware that no website is completely secure; and although we will do our best to protect your personal information, you should only access the Website within a secure environment.
10. Retaining personal information
iovation retains data within our Services for the following periods:
Category of Data
Retention Period
Transaction data, including device data (including IP address and geolocation) account identifiers, information about transactions you carry out, behavioral data and scores/alerts based on such information
180 days from the date of the transaction for customer use and support.
5 years from the date of the transaction for our own internal product analysis, performance monitoring, and product improvements. Aggregated data may be kept for longer.
Device and account identifiers linked to Fraud
5 years from the last activity date recorded by iovation.
Device and account identifiers not linked to Fraud
2 years from the last activity date recorded by iovation.
Data in TruValidate Insights Centre (online portal enabling clients to review, inputs, outputs, and transaction outcomes)
90 days
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or processed, as previously described in this Notice. For instance, we retain personal information, collected through our services and websites, for as long as a user’s account is active or as needed to provide services to our customers.
When determining retention periods, we consider our relationship with users and their information, the nature and sensitivity of the information, and what is reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide and improve our services. We also adjust retention periods to comply with our legal, reporting, or accounting obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. We regularly review our retention periods and assess our data minimization practices, retaining the least amount of information for the shortest retention period, while still upholding all our obligations.
11. Links to other sites and services
Our Website may contain links to other websites and services. This Notice does not apply to such websites or services and we are not responsible for the content nor the privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. If you click on a link or browse to a third-party site from our site/service, your activity and interaction is subject to that third-party's rules and policies. We recommend reviewing the privacy statements on those other sites to understand their privacy practices and make an informed decision regarding your use or interaction with their site/service.
12. Contact information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Notice, our privacy practices and the protection of your personal information, or the privacy rights and choices available to you, you may contact us in the following ways:
Phone
1-866-310-8783
Postal Mail
TransUnion Data Privacy Request (iovation)
P.O. Box 130
Woodlyn, PA 19094
13. Notice changes and effective date
This Notice is subject to change at any time. If we make any changes to this Notice, we will post the revised Notice on this page with its effective date.
What You Need to Know:
The credit scores provided are based on the
VantageScore® 3.0 model
. Lenders use a variety of credit scores and are likely to use a credit score different from
VantageScore® 3.0
to assess your creditworthiness.
Subscription price is $29.95 per month (plus tax where applicable). Cancel anytime.
By clicking “Accept All” you agree to TransUnion LLC setting and using cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and for marketing purposes. For more information, please see the
TransUnion LLC Privacy Notice
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Preferences
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel