Your Privacy
We at Appeak have strived to comply with internationally respected standards such as those established by the Council of Europe's Convention on Data Protection (1981) as well as the EU Data Protection Directive (EU/46/95). Accordingly, inter alia we use our best endeavours to collect only that personal information that we require for the technical and commercial operation of our activities, to inform you when we collect personal information and of the specific purpose for collecting this information, to give you access to your personal information, to keep your personal information secure and not to pass on your personal information to anybody unless you have specifically consented thereto.
Privacy & Personal Information
If any information can be linked to you, it is personal information. We take great care when collecting and processing such information in order to protect your privacy.
Collecting your Personal Information
When you register, and in any visit subsequent to registration, we collect your information in two main ways:
during the registration process we require you to complete certain fields, request that you complete other fields and ask you to select a username and password so that we have sufficient minimum information necessary to provide our services to you; and
by tracking your visit to our site (through the use of “cookies”) and your preferences when accessing various parts to enable us to better customize your use of our services.
Security
We have invested in various technical and organisational security measures to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. All our employees who have access either to the databases or to the servers that host our services must comply with strict security rules. Whilst we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we make every reasonable effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Protecting Sensitive Data
We acknowledge that some information is even more sensitive than others. As an additional safeguard, we only store such data in encrypted mode.
Do we sell personal information to other companies?
We do not. If another company wishes to contact any of our customers, we act as the middleman and only we know whether a particular customer fits the profile targeted by the advertiser. What we may occasionally sell is statistical data. We only forward your information to third parties if you have specifically consented to it.
Data deletion
We will delete your Appeak Poker account and any information we store about you upon your request. To do so, send us a message on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/appeakpoker/) or email appeak.poker@gmail.com.
Auto deletion: Your Appeak Poker account and any information we collect about you will automatically be deleted if you do not play Appeak Poker for 3 months and have less than 10,000 chips in your Appeak Poker account.