ASCII Rainbow’s Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all apps published by ASCII Rainbow
on all platforms : iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android, Android TV.
In our applications, we don’t collect any data at all.
We never did, and we’ll certainly never do!
In all our apps, user data (no email, no address, nothing that can identify someone, only internal data like nicknames) and activities are only saved on the device and never sent outside the device (even anonymously).
There are no third-party ads in our apps.
There are no third-party SDK in our apps.
We Comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Your Rights Under the GDPR and the CCPA
When using our apps and submitting personal data to us, you may have certain rights under the GDPR if you reside in any of the countries of the European Union or the State of California. If you want to exercise any of your rights included in this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at contact@ar-entertainment.net.
You may have some or all of the following rights:
* The Right to Be Informed – You have the right to be informed about the personal data that we collect from you and how we process them.
* The Right of Access – You have the right to get confirmation that your personal data are being processed and you have the ability to access your personal data.
* The Right to Rectification – You have the right to have your personal data corrected if they are inaccurate or incomplete.
* The Right to Erasure (Right to Be Forgotten) – You have the right to request the removal or deletion of your personal data if there is no compelling reason for us to continue processing them.
* The Right to Restrict Processing – You have the right to ‘block’ or restrict the processing of your personal data. When your personal data are restricted, we are permitted to store your data, but not to process them further.
* The Right to Data Portability – You have the right to request your personal data that you provided to us and use them for your own purposes. We will provide your data to you within 30 days of your request. You can contact us using the information at the top of this Privacy Policy to request your PD.
* The Right to Object – You have the right to object to us processing your personal data for the following reasons:
– Processing was based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling)
– Direct marketing (including profiling)
– Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics
– Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
* Automated Individual Decision-Making and Profiling – You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects regarding you or similarly significantly affects you.
* Filing a Complaint with Authorities – You have the right to file a complaint with supervisory authorities if your information has not been processed in compliance with the GDPR.
* Regulation. If the supervisory authorities fail to address your complaint properly, you may have the right to a judicial remedy.
Our Android TV apps don’t contain ads.
There are no ads in our apps, so no data are collected.
On our website, we only collect anonymous information.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
There is no personal data that is stored or can be identified.
Except the information You Provide to us by registering the newsletter or by asking some support, we don’t store personal data at all. Concerning the newsletter, your email will not be shared/sold or anything else to someone else.
On our website, we only keep anonymous data, for an indefinite time.
We may keep data indefinitely.
No ad companies collect data through our service.
There are no ads on our website, nor in our applications. And we do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
contact@ar-entertainment.net
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on May 24th, 2021. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email, push notification or text.
US
US
ES
IT
DE
FR
DEVICES
iPhone / iPad
Apple TV
Apple Watch
Android
THEMES
PUZZLES
LOGIC
DRAWING
MONTESSORI
MATHS
MEMORY
ALPHABET
OBSERVATION
GEOGRAPHY
HISTORY
MISC
AGES
5 and under
6 – 8
9 and over
CONTACT
Cart