Skip to:
Main content
Footer
Privacy policy
This policy relates to the privacy of your information at barclays.co.uk
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
General principles
We are committed to keeping your information private. By 'your information' we mean any information about you that you or third parties provide to us. This policy relates to the privacy of your information at
barclays.co.uk
.
Customers
We are committed to protecting your personal data. We’ll use your information for a number of different purposes, for example to provide our services to you and others and to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. If you’re an existing customer, for more detailed information on how and why we use your information, including the rights in relation to your personal data, and our legal grounds for using it, please visit our page on data privacy, or you can request a copy of your privacy notice.
Our page on data privacy
Online services
Information we collect
If you register to use our secure services, such as online banking, we’ll ask you to provide some information about yourself for security, identification and verification purposes.
Where you provide information about others (for example, for joint accounts or if you are ‘recommending a friend’) you must ensure that you have their consent or are otherwise entitled to provide this information to us.
Use of cookies
For information about cookies and how they’re used on this website, visit our cookies page.
Our cookies page
You’re not required to provide any personal information on the public areas of this website. However, you may choose to do so by completing the forms on various pages of the site. We’ll only use the information you provide to us on these pages in order to process the relevant form. Please see the privacy wording on the relevant form for a more detailed explanation of how your information will be used.
If you’re a Barclays customer or already have a relationship with us, you will have been advised by various methods about how we collect and use your information.
Read our Asia and Pacific privacy notice
[PDF, 159KB]
If you have any questions about privacy at Barclays, please contact The Data Protection Officer, Barclays Bank UK PLC, Leicester, LE87 2BB or
DPO@Barclays.com
.
Last updated 25 May 2018
We have to use some essential cookies to make this website work. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile
device. We also use other optional cookies to:
Analyse how you use the site
Personalise and improve your site experience
Deliver personalised content and messaging from ourselves and third parties
You can either accept or reject these optional cookies or select 'Manage cookies' to change your preference at any time. See our
cookie policy
page for more information.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.barclays.co.uk/important-information/control-your-data/:
Skip to:
Main content
Footer
Control your privacy and data
The General Data Protection Regulation
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
We’re committed to keeping your personal data safe and we’re happy for you to ask us about it.
If you have a general query about your account or if we’ve closed your account and you’d like to know why, the quickest way to find out is to call us on 03457 345 345.
(1)
Our continued commitment to you
Our focus on respecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data remains as strong as ever. We’ve updated our privacy notices to reflect the new and strengthened rights in relation to your personal data, and the legal grounds for using it.
We’re committed to
Keeping your data safe
Giving you control and flexibility
Providing useful and timely information
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Keeping you in control
We’ll always keep your data safe
We’re committed to respecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data. We’ll only retain your data for as long as is necessary and we’ll always dispose of it safely.
If we’re required by law to share your data with other organisations, such as the government, we do so securely and we don’t share more than we need to. When we ask other companies to process data on our behalf we’ll always make sure they follow similarly high standards. Sometimes we use data to support government initiatives, but any reports that we publish will always be anonymous.
How we use your data
We use your data to ensure we process your transactions safely and securely. It can also help us to personalise your experience and develop new services that we think you’ll like. For example, we use customer spending data to develop our cashback offers, which give you money back on qualifying purchases. Data can also help us to focus on the needs of individuals – we take extra care when dealing with vulnerable customers, and we never send marketing material to children.
Whether it’s to deliver products and services to you and others, or to follow legal requirements, we’ll always be clear and open with you about how and why we’re using your data. And if you need more detail, we’ll always keep our privacy notices where you can find them easily.
Decide how you want to see information about offers, products and services from us by updating your
contact preferences
.
How data makes things easier
Sharing some personal data with us is essential for you to be able to use our services securely. For example, it means we can quickly get in touch with you if we think there’s fraud on your account. Knowing more about our customers also means we’ve been able to help them out and provide extra support during difficult times, such as after a major incident or during the collapse of a large employer. We can also help you interact with other organisations – our
Identity Service
verifies you so you can access government services such as tax self-assessment securely.
We never forget it’s your personal data
You’ve trusted us with your data, and in return we’ll give you the control you need. You can decide how we contact you with offers of products and services or information we think you may be interested in.
It’s straightforward to keep your personal details up to date using Online Banking, our mobile banking app, by phone or in one of our branches, and we’ll always make it easy for you to change your mind about how we contact you.
About the GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) became effective from 25 May 2018.
Personal data could be used to identify you. It includes your name and contact details, and can also include data about your transactions or your use of our services.
What does the GDPR mean?
The GDPR aims to give you more control of your data. It provides new and strengthened rights.
Right to access
– you can ask us whether we’re processing your personal data, including where and for what purpose. You can also request an electronic copy of your personal data free of charge
Right to restrict processing
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us to restrict our use of your personal data
Right to rectification
– you can ask us to correct inaccurate personal data we hold about you
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us to erase your personal data
Right to data portability
– you can ask us to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a commonly used electronic format, so that you can transfer it to other businesses
Right to object to automated decision-making
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us not to make automated decisions about you based on your personal data that produce significant legal effects
Right to lodge a complaint
– you can lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
Do I need to do anything?
You don’t need to do anything.
We haven't changed the ways we use your personal data. Our privacy notices provide additional detail about this, in particular
Who we are, our contact details and the contact details of our data protection officer
The types of personal data we collect about you and, where we don’t collect it from you, who we collect it from
The recipients or categories of recipients of your personal data, if any
The legal basis for using your personal data
Where applicable, if we intend to store, process or transfer your personal data to a third country or international organisation
How long we keep your personal data after our relationship with you has ended (for example, after you stop banking with us or using our platforms)
Automated decisions we make about you – for example we use technology to help identify that someone else may be using your card without your permission
Your rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you
About our privacy notices
We may change our privacy notices and add new privacy notices in the future, so we recommend that you check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
Your privacy documents
Personal
[PDF, 276KB]
Business Banking
[PDF, 320KB]
Barclaycard
[PDF, 337KB]
Under 18s
[PDF, 170KB]
Wealth Management & Investments
[PDF, 684KB]
Your choices
Manage your data requests and the information you receive from us.
Request your data
Ask us to send you your personal data.
If you have a general query about your account or if we’ve closed your account and you’d like to know why, the quickest way to find out is to call us on 03457 345 345.
(1)
Request data
Marketing choices
Ask us to stop using your personal data in a particular way.
Stop marketing
Other objections
Ask us to stop using your personal data to send you information about offers, products and services.
Object to data
Move your data
Request your personal data so you can share it with another organisation.
Move data
Request data deletion
Ask us to delete your personal data.
Data deletion
Check contact details
Ensure your personal contact information is correct.
Contact details
Access your data request
If you’ve asked us for a copy of your personal data and we’ve sent you an access code by post, you can use it here.
Access my request
Important information
We’re here Monday to Friday from 8am to 8pm, and Saturdays from 9am to 5pm. To maintain a quality service, we may monitor and record phone calls.
Call charges
(Return to reference)
We have to use some essential cookies to make this website work. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile
device. We also use other optional cookies to:
Analyse how you use the site
Personalise and improve your site experience
Deliver personalised content and messaging from ourselves and third parties
You can either accept or reject these optional cookies or select 'Manage cookies' to change your preference at any time. See our
cookie policy
page for more information.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.barclays.co.uk/content/dam/documents/personal/important-information/BarclaysPrivacyNoticeAPAC20-02-2025.pdf:
