Mike Irving Home Page
Public Speaking, Events
My Developer Blog...
Community Speaking: a look back
Website Carbon Optimisation
Contact Me
Sitemap
Home
My Blog
Public Speaking & Events
Sitemap
Contact Me
Privacy Information
My Mobile Apps, Your Privacy
GPS, Compass Apps
(Grid Ref series, Grid Ref Compass series, Grid Ref Worker series).
These apps require access to your device Location Information in order to function correctly. This location information allows these apps to calculate your grid references.
These apps also use your device compass.
Optionally, you can choose to share this information via Text, Email or Tweet, using the inbuilt Text/Email/Tweet funtionality, at your discretion. This data is never transmitted anywhere else.
The "Worker" series also allow you to embed a picture (a new photo from your camera, or an existing picture from your photo library). You must grant access to the app to use this functionality. Photos are never transmitted beyond the app, except via Text/Email/Tweet, at your choosing.
Grid Ref UK and Ireland, Grid Ref UTM, Grid Ref GK, Grid Ref CH1903 use Location Information only, no compass, and do not have share options.
Grid Ref UK and Ireland, Grid Ref UTM, Grid Ref GK, Grid Ref CH1903 also display advertisements from Google AdMob (iOS, Android and Windows Phone), Microsoft PubCenter (Windows Phone) and AdDuplex (Windows Phone).
Parenting / Kids Apps
(Photo Tap, Photo Tap Lite).
These apps do not use an internet connection, nor do they require one. *
No personally identifiable data is ever passed on beyond the app code. *
Should you use the Camera or Photo Library within these apps, your photos and information will go no further than for use in the app experience.
* With the exception of Photo Tap Lite, which shows advertisements from Google AdMob, and therefore uses an internet connection, if available. An Optional In-App Purchase will upgrade the app and remove the ad network capability.
Utility Apps
(Shot Time, Shot Time Lite, Game Turn Timer).
These apps do not themselves access any user information, and do not use your internet connection in order to function.
However, Shot Time Lite and Game Turn Timer will display Interstitial Adverts from Google AdMob when you "stop" the timer. It is possible to remove the apps, via an In-App Purchase.
.. share this page ..
Microsoft MVP
Award Category: Developer Technologies
Technology Area: .NET, Web Development
Community Events
18
Mar
2025
Co-organiser at
Dot Net North:
Rich Domain Plumbing
A Meetup for the Microsoft Developer Community, at BrightHR, Manchester
•
Dot Net North on Meetup.com
Developer Blog
29
Dec
2024
Community Speaking: a look back
Looking back fondly at my presentations and talks delivered throughout 2024, at Tech Community Meetups across the UK.
•
Read This Blog Entry
27
May
2024
Website Carbon Optimisation
A run-through of the Website Carbon Calculator, a tool for estimating web page CO₂ emissions, followed by some performance optimisations.
•
Read This Blog Entry
This website uses cookies
OK
INFO