Legal Terms
privacy
terms conditions
refund and cancellation policy
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Section 1. Who we are
Section 2. How we collect information
Section 3. What information we collect
Section 4. How we use your information
Section 5. Sharing your information
Section 6. Marketing
Section 7. Your information and your rights
Section 8. Changes to our privacy notice
Section 9. Security and storage of information
Section 10. Transfers outside of the European Economic
Area
Section 11. Other sites and social media
Section 12. Cookies, Analytics and Traffic Data
Section 13. Further information
Privacy Notice and Cookies
Last updated: January 2024
Please read this privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) carefully as it describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information. This Privacy Notice applies to any website, application or service which references this Privacy Notice. Where you provide us with your personal information in any of the ways described in section 2 below, that we may collect, store and use it (a) in order to perform our contractual obligations to you or to provide services or information that you have requested and consented for; (b) based on our legitimate interests for processing (i.e. for internal administrative purposes, data analytics and benchmarking (see section 3 below for more information), direct marketing, maintaining automated back-up systems or for the detection or prevention of crime); or (c) based on your consent, which you may withdraw at any time, as described in this Privacy Notice.
Section 1. Who we are
This Privacy Notice applies to all products, applications and services offered by Isha Foundation (a private limited company by guarantee incorporated in England with company registration number 07259502, and a charity incorporated in England with charity registration number 1152417 and whose registered office address is Isha foundation uk , 111 Whitby Road, Big Yellow Storage, Slough, Greater London, United Kingdom, SL1 3DR and its affiliates, but excludes any products, applications or services that have separate privacy notices which do not incorporate this Privacy Notice.
Section 2. How we collect information
To the extent permissible under applicable law, we collect information about you and any other party whose details you provide to us when you:
Register to use our websites, applications or services (including free offerings);
Place an order using our websites, applications or services;
Complete online forms (including call back requests), take part in surveys, post on our message boards, post any blogs, enter any competitions or prize draws, download information such as videos or other publications or participate in any other interactive areas that appear on our website or within our application or service;
Interact with us using social media (Facebook, Whatsapp, Instagram, Twitter, etc)
Contact us offline, for example by telephone, fax, SMS, email or post.
We will also collect your information where you only partially complete and/or abandon any information input into our website and/or other online forms and may use this information to contact you to remind you to complete any outstanding information and/or for marketing purposes.
We also collect information from your devices (including mobile devices) and applications you or your users use to access and use any of our websites, applications or services (for example, we may collect the device identification number and type, location information and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information) and we will ask for your permission before we do so. We may do this using cookies or similar technologies (as described in section 12 below).
We may enhance personal information we collect from you with information we obtain from third parties that are entitled to share that information; for example, information from credit agencies, search information providers or public sources (e.g. for customer due diligence purposes), but in each case as permitted by applicable laws.
Providing us with information about others
If you provide us with personal information about someone else, you are responsible for ensuring that you comply with any obligation and consent obligations under applicable data protection laws in relation to such disclosure. In so far as required by applicable data protection laws, you must ensure that you have provided the required notices and have obtained the individual’s explicit consent to provide us with the information and that you explain to them how we collect, use, disclose and retain their personal information or direct them to read our Privacy Notice.
Section 3. What information we collect
This may include your name (including business name), address, email address, telephone / mobile phone number, and payment details (wherever applicable). We may also ask you to provide additional information about your physical and mental health conditions (present and past history) to provide service and to support your wellbeing; food allergies and dietary requirements to support you for the specific programs that you have enrolled for.
Section 4. How we use your information
To the extent permissible under applicable law, we use your information to:
Provide any information and services that you have requested or any applications or services that you have ordered;
Compare information for accuracy and to verify it with third parties;
Provide, maintain, protect and improve any applications, products, services and information that you have requested from us;
Manage and administer your use of applications, products and services you have asked us to provide;
Manage our relationship with you (for example, customer services and support activities);
Monitor, measure, improve and protect our content, website, applications and services and provide an enhanced, personal, user experience for you;
Undertake internal testing of our website, applications, systems and services to test and improve their security, provision and performance, in which case, we would pseudonymise any information used for such purposes, and ensure is it only displayed at aggregated levels which will not be linked back to you or any living individual;
Provide you with any information that we are required to send you to comply with our regulatory or legal obligations;
Detect, prevent, investigate or remediate, crime, illegal or prohibited activities or to otherwise protect our legal rights (including liaison with regulators and law enforcement agencies for these purposes);
Contact you to check you would like to take part in our customer research (for example, feedback on your use of our applications, products and services);
To monitor, carry out statistical analysis and benchmarking, provided that in such circumstances it is on an aggregated basis which will not be linked back to you or any living individual;
Deliver targeted advertising, marketing (including in-product messaging) or information to you which may be useful to you, based on your use of our applications and services;
Deliver joint content and services with third parties with whom you have a separate relationship (for example, social media providers);and
Provide you with location- based services (for example, advertising and other personalised content), where we collect geo-location data.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain information about you after the closure of your Isha account or relationship with Isha by discontinuing our programs, if your application for a Isha account or for an Isha program is declined or if you decide not to proceed. This information will be held and used for as long as permitted for legal, regulatory, fraud prevention and legitimate business and charitable purposes.
Our website, applications (including mobile applications) and services may contain technology that enables us to:
◦  Check specific information from your device or systems directly relevant to your use of the websites, applications or services against our records to make sure the websites, applications or services are being used in accordance with our end-user agreements and to troubleshoot any problems;
◦  Obtain information relating to any technical errors or other issues with our website, applications and services;
◦  Collect information about how you and users use the functions of the features of our website, applications and services; and
◦  Gather statistical information about the operating system and environment from which you access our applications or services.
You can manage your privacy settings within your browser or our applications and services (where applicable).
In addition to the purposes described in this section 4, we may also use information we gather to deliver targeted advertising, marketing (including in-product messaging) or information to you which may be useful, based on your use of the website, applications or services or any other information we have about you (depending on the websites, applications or services, you may able to configure these features to suit your preferences in the near future). Sections 6 and 7 of this Privacy Notice provide further details on how we will do this.
We may monitor and record our communications with you, including e-mails and phone conversations. Information which we collect may then be used for training purposes, quality assurance, to record details about our website, applications and services you order from us or ask us about, and in order to meet our legal and regulatory obligations generally.
Mobile data
We may obtain information through mobile applications that you or your users install on their mobile devices to access and use our website, applications or services or which you or your users use to provide other services related to that mobile application (for example, to sync information from our application or service with such mobile application). These mobile applications may be our own mobile applications or those belonging to third parties. Where the mobile application belongs to a third party, you must read that third party’s own privacy notice as it will apply to your use of that third party mobile application. We are not responsible for such third party mobile applications and their use of your personal information.
Mobile applications may provide us with information related to a user’s use of that mobile application and use of our applications and services accessed using that mobile application. We may use such information to provide and improve the mobile application or our own application or services. For example, log of mobile application activity.
You can configure our mobile application’s privacy settings on your device but this may affect the performance of that mobile application and the way it interacts with our applications and services.
Data analytics and benchmarking
We may use information generated and stored during your use of our services for our legitimate business interests to enable us to give you the best service and/or solutions and the best experience. These purposes include to:
Deliver advertising, marketing (including in-product messaging) or information to you which may be useful to you, based on your use of services;
Carry out research and development to improve our services, products and applications;
Develop and provide new and existing functionality and services (including statistical analysis, benchmarking and forecasting services); and
Provide you with location-based services (for example location relevant content) where we collect geo-location data to provide a relevant experience.
Whenever we use your information for our legitimate interests, we will ensure that your information is processed on a pseudonymised basis and displayed at aggregated levels, which will not be linked back to you or to any living individual.
You have the right to object to processing based on our legitimate interests, and if you wish to do so, please contact us at  eu.database @ishafoundation.org to discuss this further. If you object, this may affect our ability to provide certain services and/or solutions for your benefit.
Section 5. Sharing your information
We may share your information with:
Any company within the Isha Foundation Group, for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, (e.g. global information and customer relationship management; software and service compatibility and improvements; and to provide you with any information, applications, products or services that you have requested);
We use a number of suppliers that provide services to serve you better.  We share your personal information with third parties if you have explicitly opted for a service that requires us to share your details. Where we have an obligation about Personal Information, the third parties are also obliged to support the same.  Please note that in the process of providing the end-to-end service, we may share your information with:
Our service providers and agents (including their sub-contractors) or third parties which process information on our behalf (e.g. internet service and platform providers, payment processing providers and those organisations we engage to help us send communications to you) so that they may help us to provide you with the applications, products, services and information you have requested or which we believe is of interest to you;
Partners, including system implementers, resellers, value-added resellers, independent software vendors and developers that may help us to provide you with the applications, products, services and information you have requested or which we believe is of interest to you;
Third parties used to facilitate payment transactions, for example clearing houses, clearing systems, financial institutions and transaction beneficiaries;
Third parties where you have a relationship with that third party and you have consented to us sending information (for example social media sites or other third party application providers);
Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies;
Regulators to meet Isha Foundation Group’s legal and regulatory obligations;
Law enforcement agencies so that they may detect or prevent crime or prosecute offenders;
Any third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings, provided we can do so lawfully (for example in response to a court order);
Any third party in order to meet our legal and regulatory obligations, including statutory or regulatory reporting or the detection or prevention of unlawful acts;
Our own and Isha Foundation Group professional advisors and auditors for the purpose of seeking professional advice or to meet our audit responsibilities;
Government departments where reporting is mandatory under applicable law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information about the use of our website, applications, products or services publicly or with third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Section 6. Marketing
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you with details about our applications, products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. We may also share your information with our group companies and so that they (or we) may contact you with information about their products or services that we feel may be of interest to you. They or we may wish to contact you for this purpose by telephone, post, SMS, whatsapp or email. You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise these rights you can do so by selecting your contact preferences at the point where you provide us with your information on our websites, applications or services, using any preference centres we give you access to or by sending us an email to uk@ishafoundation.org. You can also unsubscribe from any email marketing using the links provided in the emails we send to you.
Third party platform advertising
Where you respond to communications we post on third-party platforms (such as Facebook, Google, and Twitter), we may also share your information with those third parties in order to serve targeted advertising/content to you via the relevant third party platform based on your profile/interests.  Your information is used by the third-party platform provider to identify your account and serve advertisements to you.  You can control what advertisements you receive via the privacy settings on the relevant provider’s platform and you should consult the third party’s help/support centre for more information.
e use remarketing (also known as retargeting) and display advertising across multiple networks, including Google and Facebook, and they may use historical data to make the ads you see more useful to you (known as personalised advertising).
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Section 7. Your information and your rights
If you are based within the EEA or within another jurisdiction having similar data protection laws, in certain circumstances you have the following rights:
The right to be told how we use your information and obtain access to your information;
The right to have your information rectified or erased or place restrictions on processing your information;
The right to object to the processing of your information e.g. for direct marketing purposes or where the processing is based on our legitimate interests;
The right to have any information you provided to us on an automated basis returned to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or sent directly to another company, where technically feasible (“data portability”);
Where the processing of your information is based on your consent, the right to withdraw that consent subject to legal or contractual restrictions;
The right to object to any decisions based on the automated processing of your personal data, including profiling; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for data protection matters (e.g. in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office).
If you request a copy of your information you may be required to pay a statutory fee.
If we hold any information about you that is incorrect or if there are any changes to your details, please let us know by so that we can keep our records accurate and up to date.
If you withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information for purposes set out in our Privacy Notice, we may not be able to provide you with access to all or parts of our website, applications, and services.
We will retain your personal information for the duration of our business charitable relationship and afterwards for as long as is necessary and relevant for our legitimate business purposes, in accordance with the Isha Foundation Group Data Retention, Marking and Destruction Policy or as otherwise permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Where we no longer need your personal information, we will dispose of it in a secure manner (without further notice to you).
Section 8. Changes to our privacy notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. However we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice. We will always update this Privacy Notice on our website, so please try to read it when you visit the website (the ‘last updated’ reference tells you when we last updated this Privacy Notice).
Section 9. Security and storage of information
We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage. We will do our best to protect your personal information but we cannot guarantee complete control over the security of your information which is transmitted to our website, applications or services or to other website, applications and services via an internet or similar connection. If we have given you (or you have chosen) a password to access certain areas of our websites, applications or services please keep this password safe – we will not share this password with anyone.
If you believe your account has been compromised, please contact us at
eu.database@ishafoundation.org
.
Section 10. Transfers outside of the European Economic Area
Data protection laws protect personal information in the European Union but other countries do not necessarily protect your personal information in the same way.
Our website and some of our applications or services or parts of them may also be hosted in the United States or otherwise outside of the EEA (which means all the EU countries plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein) (“EEA”) and this means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through the website or the application or service outside the EEA to the United States or to other territories outside of the EEA. When you send an email to us, this will also be stored on our email servers that are hosted in the United States.
We may use service providers based outside of the EEA to help us provide our website, applications and services to you (for example, platform and payment providers who help us deliver our applications and services, or advertising or execute your payments) and this means that we may transfer your information to service providers outside the EEA for the purpose of providing our applications, advertising and services to you.
We take steps to ensure that where our service providers and hosting providers transfer your information outside of the EEA, appropriate measures and controls are in place to protect that information in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. For example, we may share information with our group companies or affiliates based outside the EEA for the purposes envisaged by this Privacy Notice. All Isha Foundation group companies are subject to Isha Foundation group data protection policies designed to protect data in accordance with EU data protection laws. In each case, such transfers are made in accordance with the requirements of Regulations (EU) 2016/679 (the General Data Protection Regulations or “GDPR”) and may be based on the use of the European Commission’s Standard Model Clauses for transfers of personal data outside the EEA.
By using our website, products or services or by interacting with us in the ways described in this Privacy Notice, you consent to the transfer of your information outside the EEA in the circumstances set out in this Privacy Notice. If you do not want your information to be transferred outside the EEA you should not use our website, applications or services.
Section 11. Other sites and social media
If you follow a link from our website, application or service to another site or service, this Privacy Notice will no longer apply. We are not responsible for the information handling practices of third party sites or services and we encourage you to read the privacy notices appearing on those sites or services.
Our websites, applications or services may enable you to share information with social media sites, or use social media sites to create your account or to connect your social media account. Those social media sites may automatically provide us with access to certain personal information retained by them about you (for example any content you have viewed). You should be able to manage your privacy settings from within your own third party social media account(s) to manage what personal information you enable us to access from that account.
Section 12. Cookies, Analytics and Traffic Data
Cookies are small text files that are transferred from our websites, applications or services and stored on your device. We use cookies to help us provide you with a personalised service, and to help make our websites, applications and services better for you.
Our cookies may be session cookies (temporary cookies that identify and track users within our websites, applications or services which are deleted when you close your browser or leave your session in the application or service) or persistent cookies (cookies which enable our websites, applications or services to “remember” who you are and to remember your preferences within our websites, applications or services and which will stay on your computer or device after you close your browser or leave your session in the application or service).
We use the following different types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies which are needed for our websites, applications or services to function properly, for example, these cookies allow you to access secure areas of our website or to remember what you have put into your shopping basket.
Performance cookies and analytics technologies
These cookies collect information about how visitors and users use our websites, applications and services, for instance which functionality visitors use most often, and if they get error messages from areas of the websites, applications or services. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor or user. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. We only use these cookies to improve how our website, applications and services work.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow our websites, applications and services to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operators’ permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Web beacons and parameter tracking
We also use cookies and similar software known as web beacons to count users who have visited our website after clicking through from one of our advertisements on another website or in emails and to collect details of any products or services purchased. These web beacons collect limited information that does not identify particular individuals. It is not possible to refuse the use of web beacons. However, because they are used in conjunction with cookies, you can effectively disable them by setting your browser to restrict or block cookies.
IP Address and traffic data
We keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by our servers, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device information, the website that you visited before ours and the website you visit after leaving our site. We also collect some site, application and service statistics such as access rates, page hits and page views. We are not able to identify any individual from traffic data or site statistics.
Find out more about the individual cookies and analytics technologies that we use.
Description
Purpose
Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, to help the website analyse how users use the websites, applications or services. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the websites, applications or services (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the websites, applications or services compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or within the application, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using our websites, applications or services you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To find out more, see “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, or any other URL Google may provide from time to time).
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Salesforce.com
Salesforce.com uses the Salesforce.com platform. You can view Salesforce.com’s privacy statements here that contain details of any cookies and analytics that are used within its platform and services:
http://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/full_privacy.jsp
.
No service user data is maintained on the Salesforce web or application servers. Instead, after the user authenticates, the application generates a “cookie” for that user for only that session, with the following information: a version number that identifies the format of the cookie, a number that acts as the session ID and a routing hint.”
How to disable cookies
You may be able to configure your browser or our website, application or service to restrict cookies or block all cookies if you wish, however if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website, applications or services. For more information about cookies and instructions on how to adjust your browser settings to accept, delete or reject cookies, see the
www.allaboutcookies.org
website.
Section 13. Further information
If you have any queries about how we treat your information, the contents of this Privacy Notice, your rights under local law, how to update your records or how to obtain a copy of the information that we hold about you, please send an email to
eu.database @ishafoundation.org.
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
I, the undersigned, release the instructor from all liability for any claim or demand or damage or personal injury or illness sustained by me; (a) arising from or in respect of my participation in any class or other activity arranged by or on behalf of the instructor, whether or not the injury is caused by the instructor or any other person participating in the class or activity wherever the class or activity is held or while practicing anything presented therein; (b) whether or not the damage, personal injury or illness arises from the negligence or breach of any statutory duty of the instructor or any other member of the class or activity.
GDPR Consent
The security and privacy of your personal information are very important to Isha Foundation. Your data will not be sold to any third party.
By submitting this form to us, you consent to your data being stored permanently in our database (in the countries where we operate) and to be used by us solely for the purpose of communicating information that supports you with the yogic practices learned from us, any upcoming events in Isha and special offers—if any, on our programs.
You have the right to have your details removed from our database at any point.
Refund and cancellation policy for Europe & Israel
Non-Residential Programmes
Inner Engineering Online
No program refunds. With advance notice, transfer may be available to the next program. For all transfers, programme to be taken within the next 1 year from the original date of the programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable.
Inner Engineering Completion Online
Programme cancellations and refunds will be subject to a 30% admin fee.
No refunds will be allowed once the programme has started. Cancellation requests submitted after attending one session will not be honoured.
Transfer to a future programme can be availed within 12 months and will be subject to 15% admin fee. Transfers can be made only towards Inner Engineering Completion Online programmes. For all transfers, the programme is to be taken within the next 12 months from the date of transfer and will be subject to 15% admin fee. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Inner Engineering Online and Completion Online Package (Inner Engineering Inclusive)
Inner Engineering Online is non-refundable. You will continue to have access to the Inner Engineering Online programme even after cancellation.
30% will be deducted from your refund from the total package fee paid while refunding. Refunds must be requested within 1 year from purchase date.
Transfers can be made towards another Inner Engineering Completion Online programme only. For all transfers, programme to be taken within the next 1 year from the original date of the programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Inner Engineering Total
90% will be refunded if cancellation occurs 14 days or more before the programme. 10% is deducted for Programme Processing fee. (Or transfer to another of same programme within the next 1 year for no additional fee).
50% will be refunded if cancellation occurs within 13 days or less of programme start date. (Or transfer to another of the same program with 50% credit towards that programme registration fee.)
25% will be refunded, if on day of programme or after programme start time. (Or transfer to another of same programme with 50% credit towards that programme registration fee.
For all transfers, programme to be taken within the next 1 year from the original date of the programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Inner Engineering Completion
90% will be refunded if cancellation occurs 14 days or more before the programme. 10% is deducted for Programme Processing fee. (Or transfer to another of same programme within the next 1 year for no additional fee).
50% will be refunded if cancellation occurs within 13 days or less of programme start date. (Or transfer to another of the same programme with 50% credit towards that programme registration fee.)
25% will be refunded, if on day of program or after programme start time. (Or transfer to another of same programme with 50% credit towards that programme registration fee.
For all transfers, programme to be taken within the next 1 year from the original date of the programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Yogasanas
Programme cancellations and refunds will be subject to a 30% admin fee. No refunds will be allowed once the programme has started. Transfer to a future programme can be availed in the same country within 12 months and will be subject to 15% admin fee.
Surya Kriya
Programme cancellations and refunds will be subject to a 30% admin fee. No refunds will be allowed once the programme has started. Transfer to a future programme can be availed in the same country within 12 months and will be subject to 15% admin fee.
Angamardana
Programme cancellations and refunds will be subject to a 30% admin fee. No refunds will be allowed once the programme has started. Transfer to a future programme can be availed in the same country within 12 months and will be subject to 15% admin fee.
Bhuta Shuddhi
Programme cancellations and refunds will be subject to a 30% admin fee. No refunds will be allowed once the programme has started. Transfer to a future programme can be availed in the same country within 12 months and will be subject to 15% admin fee.
In the Grace of Yoga Program
70% will be refunded if cancellation occurs 14 days or more before the programme start date. 30% is deducted as a Programme Processing fee.
No refunds will be allowed 13 days or less of the programme start date.
There are no transfer options available for this programme. Registration for the programme is non-transferable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Project Samskriti Online Program
100% will be refunded if cancellation occurs 28 days or more before the programme.
85% will be refunded if cancellation occurs between 14 to 27 days before the program. 15% is deducted for Programme Processing fee. (Or transfer to another of the same programme with a 15% admin fee.)
No refunds will be allowed 13 days or less of the programme start date. Cancellation requests submitted after attending one session will not be honoured. Transfer to a future programme can be availed within 12 months from the original date of the programme and will be subject to 15% admin fee. Transfers can be made only towards the same programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks. Registration for the programme is non-transferable.
Bhairavi Sadhana and Shivanga Sadhana
There are no refunds or transfers for the Bhairavi Sadhana or Shivanga Sadhana programmes. If you wish to cancel your participation in the programme, you can do so by informing us – however, no refund will be provided.
Residential Programmes
Bhava Spandana
90% will be refunded if cancellation occurs within 30 days or more before the programme start date. (Or transfer to an Isha Program in Europe within the next 1 year for no additional fee).
50% will be refunded if cancellation occurs between 14 days and 29 days of the programme start date. (Or transfer to an Isha Program in Europe with 50% credit towards that program registration fee.)
25% will be refunded, if on the day of programme or after program start time. (Or transfer to an Isha Program in Europe with 50% credit towards that programme registration fee.)
For all transfers, programme to be taken within the next 1 year from the original date of the programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Shoonya Program
90% will be refunded if cancellation occurs within 30 days or more before the programme start date. (Or transfer to an Isha programme in Europe within the next 1 year for no additional fee).
50% will be refunded if cancellation occurs between 14 days and 29 days of the programme start date. (Or transfer to an Isha Program in Europe with 50% credit towards that programme registration fee.)
25% will be refunded, if on the day of programme or after program start time. (Or transfer to an Isha programme in Europe with 50% credit towards that program registration fee.)
For all transfers, programme to be taken within the next 1 year from the original date of the programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Guru Pooja Training
90% will be refunded if cancellation occurs within 30 days or more before the programme start date. (Or transfer to an Isha programme in Europe within the next 1 year for no additional fee).
50% will be refunded if cancellation occurs between 14 days and 29 days of the programme start date. (Or transfer to an Isha Program in Europe with 50% credit towards that programme registration fee.)
25% will be refunded, if on the day of programme or after program start time. (Or transfer to an Isha programme in Europe with 50% credit towards that program registration fee.)
For all transfers, programme to be taken within the next 1 year from the original date of the programme. Transfer credit is non-refundable. Refund processing time is 3-4 weeks.
Close
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website, including personalisation of ads. By using Isha.Sadhguru.org, you accept our use of cookies.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
http://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/full_privacy.jsp:
Skip to content
See Privacy Statement
How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor.
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
How we protect data as a Controller
We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
Contact Information
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
Learn more
Important Information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce Entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Protection of EU Personal Data One-Pager
Your rights relating to Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at tel:1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the
following website
.
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to
develop, optimize, and improve
the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
44
32
1
49
Requests to delete Personal Data
210
143
1
29
Requests to correct Personal Data
4
0
1
3
Objections to processing Personal Data
7
4
1
15
Requests to opt-out of Sharing
2,064
2,064
n/A
5
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.  Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2023.
Contact us
We use cookies on our website to improve website performance, to analyze website usage and to tailor content and offers to your interests. 

Advertising and functional cookies are only placed with your consent. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to us placing these cookies. By clicking “Do Not Accept”, you reject the usage of such cookies. We always place required cookies that do not require consent, which are necessary for the website to work properly.

For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Do Not Accept
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel