___
We use cookies to enhance your experience using our website by ensuring you're seeing content or ads that are relevant to you. We also use them to analyse the traffic that comes through the website. By clicking "Accept" you agree to storing cookies on your device. You can always choose your preferences by clicking "Manage". For more information, please read our
Cookie Policy
.
Manage
Accept
We enhance your experience of our website through personalised content and ads, as well as analyse the traffics that comes through, by using cookies.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies that enable our website to function. They cannot be disabled as this would mean our website may not work or show correctly on your device.
Reject all
Accept all
Save
Read our Cookie Policy
Privacy & Security
This Privacy Policy sets out:
General information
Contact us
Data we collect
How we use your data
Who we share your data with
How we store your data
Your rights
General information
Betway is managed by Betway Limited (hereinafter referred to as Betway). Betway is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and ensuring your security when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy is to help you understand what we do with your data and how we protect and process it.
We are part of the Super Group (“Group”), which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: SGHC).
Contact us
Betway Limited is a data controller based in Malta. Our registered address is: 9 Empire Stadium Street, Gzira, GZR 1300, Malta.
If you have any questions regarding your personal data please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DataProtectionOfficer@betway.com
. If you want to submit a request, please refer to the ‘Your Rights’ section below.
Data we collect
During the registration process and when you subsequently use your Betway account, you are requested to submit specific personal data including but not limited to:
your first and last name,
date of birth,
credit card or other payment data,
home or another physical address,
e-mail address,
phone/mobile number,
other contact data,
your unique user name and password combination for your account.
Once you have created an account and have become a Betway customer, additional information is processed on an on-going basis. Betway may also collect:
a record of all internet communications and details of your visits to our Websites;
technical information relating to how you use our products, such as the type of device you are using and the browser you are using to access our Websites;
payment information and details of transactions you carry out through the site, including your payment, withdrawals and wagers;
communications with us or our employees, for examples, calls, emails, and messages sent through the live chat service;
information regarding your location, including IP address and traffic information;
any additional information you submit through the website for example on forums, chat rooms, comment sections or in response to quizzes and questionnaires;
pages that you visited including what you have clicked on. Please see the Cookie Policy below for more information;.
Sometimes we may also request photo ID, proof of address, and source of funds including your occupation;
Occasionally we may also access your public records (eg.: news articles, social media, forums, official records such as the electoral roll).
To protect both you and us, we use Services provided by third parties to help us decide whether to accept transactions from you by assessing your method of payment, and the devices you use to visit our Websites. These third-party services check whether the device or method of payment has been identified with fraudulent or abusive transactions in the past, such as reported instances of identity theft, promotion abuse or credit card fraud.
How we use your personal data
We use your personal data to try and provide you with the ultimate Betway experience whilst ensuring we meet regulatory requirements, legal obligations and business related requirements. We process your personal data for the purposes of:
Creating your account and providing you with gambling services;
We use your personal data such as your name, DOB and email address to help set up your account and, if necessary, to contact you (according to your preferences) via your registered contact information in connection with the management and operation of your account.
We also use your personal data such as your device type, location and browser preferences to manage your account. We want to ensure that you can see the best version of Betway on your device and are authorised to use Betway in your current location. We do this based on our legal obligations and legitimate interests to provide you services.
Ensuring our Websites function correctly and identifying any technical issues;
As we want to give our customers the ultimate Betway experience, we may also use your personal data that we collect using cookies and other similar technologies (“cookies”) to protect our Website, offer you a personalised experience with us, tailor our marketing services and improve our Website and the services you request through login, including banking. We collect cookie information when you browse our website.  When we collect this information, we either do so with your consent or because it is in our legitimate commercial interests to process the information to ensure the Services operate effectively. For more information about the cookies we use and how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Ensuring you gamble responsibly;
Betway is committed to ensuring that you gamble responsibly. So, to abide by legal obligations we will process your data to provide you with a safe environment to gamble, as well as to monitor you for potential at-risk behaviour.
We may share some of your personal data, including your first name, last name, DOB and address with a Credit Reference Agency (TransUnion) so that we can carry out an affordability check on you, in certain circumstances. This check may leave a search footprint, but please note that this will not affect your credit score. For any further information about how TransUnion holds and uses your information please
click here
.
Betway is a participating operator in GamProtect, an industry wide scheme to ensure that people who display high-risk behaviours are protected from gambling related harm to their health. You can find out more about how your data is used in the Single Customer View by visiting
www.gamprotect.co.uk/privacy
.
Identifying and verifying customers;
This includes the identification and verification of individuals under anti-money laundering legislation, ensuring customers are over 18 and to comply with responsible gambling rules and initiatives. To verify your age and the details that you registered your account with, we may disclose such information to approved third parties with many safeguards in place. This is required to meet our legal obligations.
Legal and regulatory obligations;
We are required to process and retain your personal data including but not limited to your name, account number, date of birth and location to prevent fraudulent activity, to detect and/or investigate crimes, and to ensure responsible gambling. Additionally, we may also process your personal data to meet our internal and external reporting requirements. This is required to meet our legal obligations.
Marketing;
Dependent on your marketing preferences, we will use your personal data to send you information by the contact methods you authorise us to use about our brands, products, competitions, prizes and offers for the purpose of marketing Betway's Services to you. The information we send to you about bonuses, promotions, surveys, and markets is based on legitimate interests or your provision of consent.
You can choose not to receive marketing/promotional material at any time by managing your marketing preferences via My Account. We also provide you with the opportunity to opt out by reply in every marketing message we send.
If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure you no longer receive promotional material about Betway. We may however still send you transactional emails, relating to the maintenance of, and changes to, your account.
The information we send you about bonuses, promotions and markets is based on our legitimate interest.
Prevention of crime;
Betway has various policies and procedures designed to detect and prevent criminal activity. This includes fraud detection and our Anti-Money Laundering programme. We carry out this processing to comply with our legal obligations.
Processing your online financial and wagering transactions;
We need to use your personal data such as your account details, payment type(s), deposit method(s) and wager history to allow you to deposit and withdraw, and for our regulatory reporting. This is to comply with our
Terms and Conditions
and legal obligations.
Profiling and your preferences;
We use your personal information, such as your betting and gameplay, behaviour, interests, location, age, online identifiers and analytics information to create new personal information about you, that is derived from inferences and predictions that we make about you.  We may use a combination of manual reviews and automated detection systems, supported by machine learning, to carry out this processing.
This information will be used for the following purposes:
(a.) To ensure our Services can be provided in your country location;
(b.) To ensure you gamble safely and responsibly;
(c.) To develop new features, functionality, products and services that are tailored to you;
(d.) To ensure the technical support you receive is tailored to the device that you use; and
(e.) To ensure the promotions you receive are tailored to your preferences.
We carry out the processing listed above under points (a.) to (b.), to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
With regard to the processing listed under points (c.) to (d.), this is carried out to pursue our legitimate commercial interests, i.e. (i) we have a legitimate interest in ensuring we tailor our Services to reflect your specific needs and interests, so you receive the best customer experience and (ii) we have a legitimate interest in ensuring the technical support you receive is tailored to your specific needs.
We only carry out the processing listed above under point (e.) with your consent.
Risk management;
We review customer profile and betting data for the purposes of enforcing our terms and conditions managing our financial liabilities and risk on events and markets. For more information please see section 7 of the General Terms and Conditions. This is both to comply with our legitimate interest and legal obligations.
Who we share your personal data with
Certain trusted third party companies provide services essential to our ability to offer our gambling products to you, for example those that supply the software and games for our Websites, banking and payment services, identity verification, fraud prevention and risk management. We may be required to share some of your information with these companies, some of which may be based outside the European Economic Area (EEA), to be able to offer our Services to you. In these instances, we ensure that the third party has appropriate security and privacy arrangements in place, so that your data is protected.
Betway may also be required to disclose your information to government authorities, such as the police or our regulators, to comply with our legal obligations. Personal information may also be shared with regulators, agencies or relevant sports bodies where there are suspicions of involvement in match-fixing or breach of sports regulations. We will also disclose information as required to enforce our terms of use as stated in the
Terms and Conditions.
In the event of the sale of our business, or other business event, which results in us having to transfer your personal data to a third party, you will be notified via email, or notice posted on our website, to explain the identity of the new data controller and your options regarding your personal data.
Our site may contain links to and from the Websites of third party organisations. Please note that these Websites may have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility whatsoever for these policies. Please check these policies carefully before you submit any personal data.
How we store your personal data
Betway is incorporated in Malta and your data is stored within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) on our servers. But where we work with third parties, the data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, customer services, the processing of your payment details and risk/fraud management.
We ensure there are appropriate contractual controls over any third party that helps us process your data, which ensuring that your rights are upheld and your data is secure.
We store your data for as long as you are an active customer with us. Once you are no longer our customer, we will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as is necessary to comply our legal obligations in your jurisdiction, such those imposed by tax, gambling and AML laws.
If you use a passkey (unique code or password) or biometric identification (such as fingerprint, face-scan or screen lock) to verify your identity on your device to access our products or services, this data is never shared with Betway.  The passkey itself is stored on your local computer or mobile device, which will ask for your screen lock biometrics or PIN to confirm your identity. Biometric data is never shared with Betway or any of our third parties.
Your Rights
You are a data subject, your personal data belongs to you, so you have rights over your personal data. Some of these rights only apply in certain circumstances.
Should you wish to exercise your data subject rights, please
click here
.
These are your fundamental rights:
Your right to
What does that mean?
Access
You have the right to know whether personal data concerning you is being processed and can also request a copy of your data.
Rectification
You have the right to easily amend incorrect personal data about yourself.
Erasure
You have the right to request ‘to be forgotten’. You can ask us to delete you from our database.
Restrict processing
You can tell us that you do not want your data used for a particular purpose.
Be informed
We need to let you know what we do with your personal data in this privacy policy or when you ask us.
Data portability
You can ask us to provide the personal data you provided us in a machine-readable format.
Object
You can object to us processing your personal data.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including gambling regulations and other legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations.
For any further queries related to your rights, you can submit an email to
DataProtectionOfficer@betway.com
.
If you have any concerns about your rights, don’t forget that you always have the right to complain to a data protection regulator. Betway is regulated by the
Office of Information and the Data Protection Commissioner (IDPC)
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Policy and will send you a notice or an e-mail regarding such changes. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last updated” date, and your continued use of the Services after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
Last updated:
12/08/2024.
// UET tag is added here
// You can set default consent mode right after the UET tag
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
//alloy version demoted form 2.25.0
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.gamprotect.co.uk/privacy:
top of page
Anchor 1
Anchor 2
Anchor 3
Data Privacy
Privacy Notice
How does GamProtect work?
Purpose and Legal Basis
Redress Process
Privacy Notice
GamProtect is a project to ensure that people who tell us that they are at high risk from gambling related harm to their health are protected. To do this Participating Operators that provide online gambling products will take steps to identify customers who they believe should not be gambling and share some key customer information with the GamProtect system. Participating Operators will use GamProtect to identify whether the same customer has an account with them and proceed to close their account to reduce the potential for harm.
​
This privacy notice explains how Participating Operators in the GamProtect trial project use your personal data. You can see which operators are participating in the GamProtect trial project by going to the Participating Operators section of this notice.
There are 3 key stakeholders in this process that are defined below:
The “Closing Operator”: this is the Participating Operator that closes your account and can be any of the Participating Operators.
“GamProtect”: this is the system that allows for secure data sharing between all operators in a way that ensures privacy. They will receive customer data from the Participating Operators on a daily basis.
The “Receiving Operators”: these are the Participating Operators who receive a match from the data that is shared by the Closing Operator to GamProtect and the Receiving Operator’s own customer database. If the Receiving Operator and the Closing Operator have the same customer, then they will take a similar action to protect their shared customer e.g., closing the customer’s account.
​
The Receiving Operator will not know the specific reason why the Closing Operator has shared data with them via GamProtect. If your personal data has been shared with GamProtect and you would like to find out why, please contact the Closing Operator. You will receive an email from the Closing Operator informing you that your details will be shared with GamProtect.
How does the GamProtect Trial Work?
Risk Identification
Participating Operators will identify a player as at risk of health-related problem gambling if the player states that they:
Have a gambling problem or addiction.
Are seeking external support or treatment for gambling problems.
Will harm themselves or someone else.
Should not be gambling because they have a medical condition.
Want to stop gambling forever due to problems with their gambling.
Initial Account Closure
Once a Participating Operator has identified a player as at risk of health-related problem gambling, it will close all of the player’s accounts and exclude the player from all of its gambling services.
It will also inform the player that they will be added to GamProtect due to issues with health-related problem gambling.
Registration
The Participating Operator will add the following Registration Data about the player to GamProtect:
Full Name
Surname
Date of Birth
Post Code
Email address
Telephone number
Unique Customer ID set by Participating Operators
Matching
Each Participating Operator will routinely check all their current players’ details against the details of the players previously added to GamProtect by scanning their customer database against the system.
If a player who is playing with one Participating Operator has been previously added to GamProtect by another Participating Operator, GamProtect will provide the Participating Operator carrying out the GamProtect check with the following information about the player
A flag to indicate that the players account has been closed by the Closing Operator because it meets one of the criteria of the project.
Name of Participating Operator that added the player to GamProtect.
Status as added to GamProtect.
Further Account Closures
When a Participating Operator is informed by GamProtect that a player has been identified as being at risk of issues with health-related problem gambling, it will close all the player’s accounts with the company.
Initial active Period
A player will remain on GamProtect and subject to the matching process initially for a period of [five years] from the date they were first added by a Participating Operator. This is known as the .
During the active period all Participating Operators will exclude the player from their gambling services.
The player cannot remove themselves from GamProtect during the active period.
However, if a player thinks they have been added to GamProtect incorrectly, they can follow the GamProtect redress process explained below.
Further Active Period
At the end of the active period (if the player is not removed from GamProtect by the redress process), the player will remain on GamProtect and subject to the matching process for a further active period.
During this further active period all the Participating Operators will continue to exclude the player from their gambling services.
The player can remove themselves from GamProtect at any time during the further active period by contacting the Participating Operator that has prevented them from accessing gambling services using the contact details below.
However, if the player does not remove themselves from GamProtect, the further active period will continue (and they will remain excluded from all Participating Operators’ gambling services) for a period of 35 years.
Archive Period
Following the end of the further active period (either by request or expiry), the player’s details will be held for an archive period of seven years.
Reidentification of Risk
If during a further active period or archive period a Participating Operator re-identifies a player as at risk of health-related problem gambling, the Participating Operator will re-add the player to GamProtect and the active period will restart.
​
Categories of personal data to be processed as part of the GamProtect trial
Purpose & Legal Basis
​
Participating Operators will process customer’s personal data for the primary purpose of identifying customers with health-related issues with problem gambling that are common to any other
Participating Operator and attempting to protect extremely vulnerable people from gambling related harm across those common Operators. This involves:
​
Communicating with a customer to identify a potential harm.
Closing, suspending or restricting the customer’s account.
Sharing customer personal data with GamProtect.
Searching for customers who have been registered on GamProtect.
Evaluating the ongoing effectiveness of the GamProtect solution.
The legal basis for the purpose we have described is the Participating Operator’s legitimate interests in protecting customers from harm. Specifically, these interests are:
​
To improve intervention for people suffering from health-related problem gambling issues.
To share the identification of players who are suffering health-related problem gambling issues.
To provide greater insight into effective ways of reducing people in the UK from suffering health-related problem gambling issues.
A proportionate approach to the identification of people in the UK from suffering health-related problem gambling issues and protect customers without unduly infringing their rights and freedoms.
​
Special category personal data is personal data that can reveal health data and other sensitive information about a person. As the scheme is designed to detect and prevent health-related problem gambling the GamProtect trial data is considered to be special category personal data. Where the processing of customer data involves special category data the legal basis for the Participating Operator’s processing this data is substantial public interests. The substantial public interests are outlined in the UK Data Protection Act 2018 as: safeguarding of children and of individuals at risk.
Recipients of the data
​
Customer data will be shared with the GamProtect system which is owned and provided by Tutelar Limited. (“TUTELAR”) and its subcontractors The Data Shed Limited (Hippo) and Amazon Web Services. We can be compelled to share information within GamProtect with regulators and law enforcement agencies at their request. Participating Operators will also share the flag indicating a health-related problem gambling issue associated with a customer with other Participating Operators. If a Participating Operator ceases to exist, they will share the specific reasons why a customer’s data has been shared to GamProtect with another Participating Operator who will be elected at the time to hold the Closing Operators GamProtect records.  Any player impacted by this action will be informed directly by the elected Operator.
​
We will transfer your personal data to GamProtect who will then confirm matches with the other Participating Operators. We have implemented Standard Contractual Clauses with appropriate addendums to protect the personal data during the transfer.
​
Data Retention
Redress process
If you believe you have been added to GamProtect incorrectly, please contact the Participating Operator that is preventing you from accessing online gambling services using the contact details below.  The Participating Operator will then take you through these steps –
​
If that Participating Operator added you to GamProtect, it will consider your concerns and decide whether or not to remove you from GamProtect.
If the Participating Operator that is preventing you from accessing gambling services did
not
add you to GamProtect, it will provide you with the contact details of the Participating Operator that did add your details to GamProtect.
The Participating Operator that did add your details to GamProtect will then consider your concerns and decide whether or not to remove you from GamProtect.
​
If the company which added your details is no longer participating in GamProtect, you can instead follow the redress process with the Participating Operator whose gambling services you wish to access.
Removal from GamProtect
In addition to the redress process, following the end of the active period, you can ask to be removed from GamProtect at any time by contacting the Participating Operator that has prevented you from accessing gambling services using the contact details below.
Please note that even after your removal from GamProtect, individual Participating Operators may still independently decide to prevent you from accessing their gambling services.
Data Protection Rights
You have the following rights in respect of your personal data processed for the purposes of GamProtect –
​
Access to your personal data
Correct or update your personal data
Object to the use of your personal data
Erasure of your personal data
of the use of your personal data
Complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office
​
You should be aware that these rights are not absolute and do not apply in every situation.  You can find out more information about these rights on the website of the Information Commissioner’s Office
here
.
​
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Participating Operator that has prevented you from accessing gambling services using the contact details below.
​
If you would like to make a complaint, you can send a letter or email to the relevant address above or contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
​
GamProtect does not involve processing of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant affects.
​
For information on the data controllers please click this link
Scope
​
This notice only applies to the use of personal data for GamProtect. For further information about how Participating Operators use personal data more generally, please see the privacy policies in the ‘contact’ section above.
​
Changes to this policy
​
We may need to update this notice from time to time, including as we develop GamProtect with the other Participating Operators. Where this notice changes, we will take appropriate steps to bring the change to your attention. You can also see the date of the notice along with the date of its latest update below.
Anchor 4
Anchor 5
bottom of page