Frequently Asked Questions
Bookings
Peak Time Charge
Ola Play
Ola Credit
Ola Money Postpaid
Cancellations
India T&C
Ola Auto Saas T&C
Ola Parcel T&C
Ola Corporate T&C
Ola General T&C
India Privacy Policy
AU T&C
AU Corporate T&C
AU Ride Advantage T&C
AU Ola Pass T&C
AU Privacy Policy
NZ T&C
NZ Corporate T&C
NZ Ride Advantage T&C
NZ Ola Pass T&C
NZ Privacy Policy
UK T&C
UK Corporate T&C
UK Privacy Policy
Offer Specific T&C
Ola Money
Ola Maps
Disclaimer
Referral Scheme T&C
Notices
Bookings Related
Q: Do I need to register on your site to book tickets?
A: No. You can use our service fully without the need to register. You just need to provide your details at the time of booking.
Q: What if the car doesn't show up?
A: In case the vehicle you booked doesn't show up, we will offer you a full refund immediately.
Q: What if the car shows up late?
A: We try our best to ensure our partners reach our customers on time. But in case of delays, do call us and we will help you out by either providing an alternate vehicle or giving you a full refund.
Peak Time Charge
Before knowing about OLA’s peak time charge, it is important for you to know how OLA works.
OLA’s business model
OLA is an online marketplace for drivers.
These drivers are independent and they are either self-employed (own their commercial vehicles), or work for an Operator who owns multiple cars.
Like you have an OLA app on your smart phone to book a cab, these drivers have a similar Driver mobile App on their smart phones. We activate the Driver app after a thorough check of authenticity and conducting due diligence of the commercial & personal papers of the driver & operator. These drivers decide their own time to login to the OLA application and accept requests for rides from customers. They may choose to remain logged out of the system as per their convenience.
Q: What is OLA’s peak time charge?
OLA being a marketplace doesn’t control the number of vehicles online on its system/platform; drivers & operators are independent & work as per their convenience. During a normal day when demand & supply are met, there is no need to put an extra effort to pull the supply side of vehicles.
OLA has observed that during certain times of the day, when more traffic is on road, routine drivers tend to log out of the system to suit their convenience as there is no incentive for them to put an extra effort. Similarly, when demand suddenly increases, not enough drivers might be available on the road. Customers might be inconvenienced by not being able to find cabs during such times.
As a system/solutions provider OLA has limited options to motivate the drivers and cater to the high demand timings & scenarios. OLA has observed that the drivers are very sensitive to little extra earnings for their extra effort to stay logged in to our system.
OLA applies an X multiplier or flat surcharge to the normal fare based on various situations and scenarios like place of pickup, time of pickup, type of vehicle, demand situation, supply scenario etc. Using advanced analytics, unique algorithm, past ride experiences etc. the OLA software calculates an appropriate surcharge to apply over and above the normal fare. This enables OLA to come up with appropriate incentives to drivers to make them stay logged in to the system for the additional earnings. This enables customers to get their much needed service even during peak times when demand for cabs is high.
The peak time surcharge works in two ways
a) It motivates drivers to stay & serve for a longer time even during difficult hours of the day and when demand is high.
b) It filters out the less needed rides hence making the vehicle available to those who really need a cab.
Transparency
OLA is transparent about the rates. OLA makes sure that customers are aware of the dynamics of peak time charge and how it works. Whenever peak time charge is applicable; customers get a clear intimation, to confirm their intent to avail the ride at a higher price than normal. The booking process is initiated only when they confirm; hence, if a customer wants to avoid that ride he/she may choose to do it, thus making the cab available to others who are in need.
Ola Play
Please click on below link for Ola Play Terms and Conditions :
Ola Play TNC
Ola Credit
Please click on below link for Ola Credit Terms and Conditions :
Ola Credit TNC
Ola Money Postpaid
Please click on below link for Ola Money Postpaid Terms and Conditions :
Ola Money Postpaid TNC
Cancellation Policy
If you feel that you were charged a cancellation fee incorrectly, you can request a Cancellation Fee Waiver. Please click
here
to know how you can request a Cancellation Fee Waiver.
A cancellation fee is charged to compensate drivers for the time, effort, and fuel spent while trying to reach the pickup location.
You may be charged a cancellation fee if any one of the following occurs:
(a) a trip is canceled after 3 (three) minutes or later from the time of acceptance of the ride by the driver or
(b) a driver cancels the booking after waiting at your pickup location for 5 minutes or more
However, the cancellation fee will not be charged if the driver is delayed in reaching the picking-up location by more than 5 minutes from the shown estimated time of arrival.
The cancellation fee amount may vary depending on your city, and the vehicle category selected.
A cancellation fee, if charged, will be added to the total bill amount of your next Ola ride.
India Terms and Conditions
Please click on below link for Olacabs India Terms and Conditions :
India T&C
Ola Auto Saas Terms & Conditions
Please click on below link for Ola Auto Saas Terms and Conditions :
Ola Auto Saas Terms and Conditions
Ola Parcel Terms & Conditions
Please click on below link for Ola Parcel Terms and Conditions :
Ola Parcel Terms and Conditions
Rajasthan Fare Notification
Please click on below link for Rajasthan fare notification :
Rajasthan Fare
Ola Corporate Terms & Conditions
Please click on below link for Corporate Terms and Conditions :
Ola Corporate Terms and Conditions
Ola General Terms & Conditions
Please click on below link for Ola General Terms and Conditions :
Ola General Terms and Conditions
India Privacy Policy
Please click on below link for India Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions :
India Privacy Policy
AU Terms and Conditions
Please click on below link for Ola AU Terms and Conditions :
AU T&C
AU Corporate T&C
AU Ride Advantage T&C
AU Ola Pass T&C
AU Privacy Policy
Please click on below link for AU Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions :
AU Privacy Policy
NZ Terms and Conditions
Please click on below link for NZ Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions :
NZ T&C
NZ Corporate T&C
NZ Ride Advantage T&C
NZ Ola Pass T&C
NZ Privacy Policy
Please click on below link for NZ Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions :
NZ Privacy Policy
UK Terms and Conditions
Please click on below link for Ola UK Terms and Conditions :
UK Corporate T&C
UK T&C
UK Privacy Policy
Please click on below link for UK Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions :
Privacy Policy
How we process your data
To whom we transfer your data
Cookies And Other Technologies
Offer Specific Terms & Conditions
Last Updated:
7th OCT 2015
These general terms & conditions of offer
("General Offer Terms")
shall constitute a legally binding and enforceable contract between the Customer availing the Offer
("Customer(s)/ You/ Your")
and ANI Technologies Private Limited
("OLA")
. You are not bound in any way to participate in the Offer. By availing the Offer, You unequivocally accept to be bound by the terms set out below. The participation is voluntary and any purchase or transaction on the OLA Platform shall be deemed as acceptance of the terms and conditions mentioned herein. These General Offer Terms along with any other offer specific terms as may be issued by OLA from time to time shall constitute the entire understanding between OLA and You and these General Offer Terms shall supersede any other offer specific terms in the event of conflict unless such offer specific terms expressly supersede these General Offer Terms.
The offer is valid
ONLY
on OLA Mobile Application and can be availed on cab Services and shall not be applicable to the black and yellow taxi (Kaali Peeli), Taxi for Sure cabs unless expressly communicated by OLA otherwise.
The taxi/cabs services
(“Services”)
provided by third parties on the OLA mobile application
(“OLA Platform”)
shall be the responsibility of the third party providing the Services and all claims shall be against that third party
(“Service Provider”)
providing the service to which the offer applies.
Offers shall not be clubbed with other Offers as a matter of OLA’s policy.
You shall become ineligible to participate in this Offer if You are barred from using services of OLA during Offer Period. OLA reserves the right to disqualify any Customer from the benefits of the Campaign/Offer, if any fraudulent activity is identified as being carried out by the Customer for the purpose of availing the benefits under the Campaign/Offer or otherwise by use of the service.
OLA disclaims all warranties, conditions or statements, whether express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, quality and / or fitness for the products or services included in this Offer, the Services or for any other purpose.
Limitations:
Pictures of products shown in the communication sent to the Customer either through mailers or advertised on OLA website, are for representation purposes only and may not bear a resemblance to the actual Services provided by the relevant Service Provider. OLA shall under no circumstances be responsible towards the same.
Services offered under this program are subject to availability from the respective Service Provider in relevant geographical location and in no circumstances OLA shall be liable for non-availability of any of the Services.
Under no circumstance will the Offer/Discount being offered under this Program be settled or exchanged in cash or through OLA Money.
All liability with respect to the Services availed lies solely with the respective Service Provider.
OLA or the Service Provider shall not be liable for any indirect or speculative or consequential or penal damages, including, but not limited to, any loss of use, loss of data and loss of income or profits, irrespective of whether it had an advance notice of the possibility of any such damages. Notwithstanding anything contained in this General Offer Terms, the total liability of OLA and the Service Provider, shall not, in any circumstances, exceed the Rs. 1000/- (Rupees One Thousand only), irrespective of the nature of the claim which results in such liability and whether based on contract or tort or any other theory of law.
The Offer shall be subject to usual force majeure events.
OLA may at its sole discretion refuse, deny, discontinue, withdraw and terminate the Offer at any time during the Offer Period without assigning any reasons whatsoever and without any prior notice to You.
All disputes shall be settled amicably, on failure to do so within 30 (Thirty) days, such disputes shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator appointed by mutual agreement of the parties. The proceedings of the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration Conciliation Act, 1996 and the seat of arbitration shall be Bengaluru, India. Subject to the aforesaid, these General Offer Terms read with the offer specific terms shall be governed by the laws of India and the courts in Bangalore, Karnataka shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction.
Ola Money
Terms and conditions, Privacy policy for Customers
Terms and Conditions for Merchants
By accepting the terms and conditions of ANI Technologies Private Limited (“ANI”) provided hereunder, and by registering on ANI’s mobile application/ website (https://www.olacabs.com) , You/user hereby explicitly and simultaneously choose to create an ‘OlaMoney Powered by Zipcash’ wallet account with Zipcash Card Services Private Limited (“Zipcash”), which is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of Zipcash available through the above link (“Zipcash T&Cs”). You hereby also accept and agree to be bound by the Zipcash T&Cs at all times.
Ola Maps
Please click on the below link for Ola Maps data attribution :
Ola Maps Data Attribution
Disclaimer
The customer agrees and acknowledges that the use of the Mobile App/Website is at the sole risk of the customer and that Company disclaims all representations and warranties of any kind, whether express or implied as to condition, suitability, quality and fitness for any purposes are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The information contained in this Website / Application is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Ola and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arise out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Ola. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the Website / Application up and running smoothly. However, Ola takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the Website / Application being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Referral Scheme T&C
Please click on below link for Referral Scheme Terms and Conditions :
Referral Scheme TNC
Notices
Form MGT-7
Notice of 10th AGM
Notice of 11th AGM
Ola Fleet
Form MGT-7
Notice of 9th AGM
Notice of the EGM
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.olacabs.com/tnc?doc=india-privacy-policy:
The store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Menu
Account
Sub-policy 1
https://s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/ola-prod-website/ola_money_customer_tnc.pdf:
