unlisted
About Us
Blog
Download
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 21, 2022
Introduction
FathomTel, Inc. ("Unlisted", "Company", "we", "our", "us") provides the Unlisted mobile applications, as well as related websites and services (the "App", "Service"), subject to the Terms of Service (https://www.getunlisted.com/terms) and this Privacy Policy ("Terms", "Agreements").
We are physically located in Santa Barbara, California, and all data is processed and stored within the United States.
Unlisted offers certain telephony and text messaging services, including the ability to send and receive text messages, make and receive phone calls, create separate phone lines, and voicemail (the "Telephony Service"). We may change or add to our offerings at any time.
By using the App, you agree that you have read and understand these Terms, and that you agree to follow and be bound by these Terms.
Definitions
PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. You are not required to provide this information to us, but we are not able to provide our Service to you should you choose not to.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Phone number
Your email address is required and is used to identify your account and allow you to log in. We may send you account notification emails as well as marketing or promotional emails to this email address. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or by emailing support@getunlisted.com.
Your phone number is not required. You may optionally provide it in order to forward calls from your Unlisted number to your other number. If you do provide your phone number, we will not use it for any other reason.
Usage Data
When accessing our marketing website (https://www.getunlisted.com), we may collect information that your browser sends, such as your browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and if certain links were clicked. We will only collect this information in a private, aggregate way that cannot personally identify you.
When you access Service with a mobile device, we may collect information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's vendor-specific identifier (in other words, an identifier that is unique to your device but that is different for every app, so we can't compare data across different apps), your mobile operating system,  and other diagnostic data. Unlike the marketing website usage data, this data is linked to your user account.
When accessing our service with a mobile device, your IP address may be temporarily logged for up to 72 hours so that we can monitor for and prevent abuse of our service.
Location Data
We do not collect or store your location data.
Cookies Data
We do not use cookies.
Application Data
In order to provide our Service, we collect and maintain certain records of your account history and usage. This is necessary to, for example, send your messages and sync your data. Data that we collect includes, but is not limited to:
Message data (including your Unlisted phone number, the other party’s number, the text or media content of the message, the date and time of the message)
Call metadata (including your Unlisted phone number, the other party’s number, and the date, time, and duration of the call)
The audio file of your voicemail greetings
The audio files for any voicemails you receive
Your Unlisted phone numbers
Your device’s push notification tokens
Any forwarding numbers you have configured
Any contact information you have stored as an "Unlisted Contact"
Transaction and order identifiers for in-app or online payments
Use of Data
Company uses the collected data for various purposes:
to provide and maintain our Service;
to notify you about changes to our Service;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
to provide customer support;
to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
to monitor the usage of our Service;
to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
to detect and prevent usage in violation of our terms of service;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;
to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
for any other purpose with your consent.
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
You may delete your user account and all associated data by clicking the button in recent versions of our iOS application or by contacting support@getunlisted.com.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
We may disclose information that we collect, or you provide:
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your data, including your Personal Data, if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
Business Transaction
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your data, including your Personal Data, may be transferred.
Other cases
We may disclose your information also:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
with your consent in any other cases;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us. We encrypt all data, Personal and otherwise, in transit and at rest. That said, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR.
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at support@getunlisted.com. You can also delete your data by utilizing the button in recent versions of the iOS application.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
the right to access, update or delete the information we have on you;
the right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
the right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data;
the right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information;
the right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information;
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not be able to provide Service without some necessary data.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Your Data Protection Rights under the California Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
users can visit our site anonymously;
our Privacy Policy link includes the word "Privacy", and can easily be found on the page specified above on the home page of our website;
users will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page;
users are able to change their personal information by emailing us at support@getunlisted.com.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals
We do not currently honor browser Do Not Track signals. Please note that nothing personal or identifiable is ever “tracked” in the browser. Do Not Track is deprecated and no longer recommended by any browser.
Service Providers
We may contract with third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We use a variety of third party data processors in order to:
Provide telephony services
Send and receive emails
Provide customer support with a ticketing system
Process payments
We will only use data processors where required, and will only provide the minimum amount of information required to fulfill the task. We require that all such recipients secure data in accordance with good information security and as per the requirements of this Privacy Policy. We review and quality assure all vendors and data processors and enter into a data processing agreement/addendum whenever necessary.
If you have specific questions about our vendors, please contact us at support@getunlisted.com.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Apple (In-app payments)
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/ and https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203027
Google (In-app payments)
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us and https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/u/0/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en
Stripe (Online payments)
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at: https://stripe.com/us/privacy
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at:
support@getunlisted.com
.
‍