Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how GuidiGO (“GuidiGO”, “our”, “us” or “we”) collects, stores, uses and discloses personal information we receive from users of GuidiGO.com and any other domains owned and controlled by GuidiGO through which the GuidiGO Service is accessible (collectively, the “Site”). When using our Services you consent to the collection, disclosure, transfer, processing, storage and other uses (collectively, “use” or “uses”) of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our principles with respect to your data and your privacy:
We take your privacy very seriously.
Providing us with your Personal Information is your choice.
We collect your information to provide and improve the Services and increase your enjoyment in using it.
We don’t disclose your Personal Information to third parties except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use
Our primary objective when collecting information is to administer your membership to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site and to provide and improve our Services and its features and content.
Personal Information.
In the course of using the Services, we may ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name and email address. We use your Personal Information to provide the Services and administer your inquiries. We will also use your Personal Information to contact you with GuidiGO marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the un-subscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. (See "Changing or Deleting your Information", below.)
Usage Information.
When you use our Services our servers automatically record information (“Log Data”), including, but not limited to, your computer’s or your device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for via our Services, search or download activity, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services, for the Services’ technical administration, to increase our Services’ functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs.
Cookies.
Like many websites and online services, we use “cookies” on our Services to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to save your preferences and personalize the Services for you, to monitor aggregate usage by GuidiGO Users and web traffic routing on our Services and to improve our Services generally. Third parties, may also place or read cookies on your computer. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service.
We also use
“pixel tags,” “clear GIFs”
or similar means (individually or collectively “Pixel Tags”) on our Site. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel, embedded on web pages. Pixel Tags are ordinarily not visible to users. Pixel Tags allow us to count the number of GuidiGO Users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services and to generate statistics about how our Site is used.
Sharing and Disclosure
We do not share Personal Information with third parties except as follows:
Registered Users.
When you register with the Services and create a profile, you will be prompted to enter certain Personal Information. If you connect using a third-party SNS (see Third Party Social Networking Services below) your information (as part of your profile) will be listed publicly on our Services. Note that your email address will not be publicly visible unless you choose to add it as part of your profile information (see Sharing Content With Others below for more information on when your email address may be shared).
Adding Content to the Services.
If you choose to add content to the Services, including without limitation, photos, pictures, graphics, videos, text, audio, links, comments, works of authorship, data or information (any and all of the foregoing “Content”), such content will be publicly viewable via the Services and subject to the Terms of Service. Your name will also be publicly associated with any Content you add.
Third Party Social Networking Services.
Registered Users may link their accounts with certain third party social networking services (“SNSs”) and doing so may associate Personal Information from that SNS with your account on the Services, for instance, your name. If you choose to link your account with an SNS then, with your permission and on your behalf, we will share your Personal Information, including, but not limited to, information contained in your profile and any Content with the applicable SNS. Through use of such SNS’s APIs we also receive certain information (which may include your Personal Information) in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account, if any. Other than what we may share with the SNS in connection with your linking of accounts, the personal information an SNS has about you is obtained by the SNS independent of our Services. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other services you use. If you link an SNS account to your GuidiGO account on the Services then, depending on the settings you have selected on the SNS, users of that SNS may be able to search for and find your linked account on the Services and/or use that SNS to view your activity on the Services. We will not post any information to an SNS on your behalf without first obtaining your consent.
Service Providers.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services’ features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.
We may disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect GuidiGO’s rights or property.
Business Transfers.
GuidiGO may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. We will provide you with notice of the transfer of your Personal Information to the new entity.
EU personal data
If you are located in the EU, United Kingdom, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) related to your personal data, as further described below. GuidiGO will be the controller of your personal data processed in connection with the service.
Accessing, correcting, and deleting your personal data
You have certain rights with respect to your personal data, and we want to help you review and update your information to ensure it is accurate and up-to-date.
If you have a GuidiGO account, you can accomplish most of the following by logging into your account. For more information or any additional requests you can check
this page
or contact us via
privacy@guidigo.com
.
Access: You can request more information about the personal data we hold about you and request a copy of such personal data.
Rectification: If you believe that any personal data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data.
Portability: You can ask for a copy of your personal data in a machine-readable format.
Erasure: You can request that we erase some or all of your personal data from our systems. If you wish to erase all of your personal data, you can sign in and delete your user account from the account settings page. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. Deleting your account will delete Content you saved; however, if that Content has been downloaded by another Registered User or is otherwise also associated with another Registered User’s account (for instance a comment you left on another Registered User’s page) then the Content will not be deleted from that Registered Users’ account if you delete your account. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Security
GuidiGO is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
International privacy laws
If you are using our service from outside of the United States, please be aware that you are sending data, including personally identifying information, to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States and then transferred back out of the United States to countries outside of your residence, depending upon the type of information and how it is stored by us. Our collection, storage and use of your personal information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Transfer
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy by accessing or using the Services followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Third Party Websites
Our Services contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit a third party website, for instance by “clicking on” a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites or over the choice of which third party sites are linked to using the Services. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Children
These Services are not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you must have your parent(s)’ or legal guardian(s)’ permission to use the Services. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information and terminate the account.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@guidigo.com
.
Privacy Policy Change
GuidiGO may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in GuidiGO’s sole discretion. GuidiGO encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Effective as of 5-25-2018.
Working…