Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy - Mobile Numbers
Got it ya Applications
when dreams come true
Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 25, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Movceem
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Movceem.
Country refers to:  Jordan
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the Application.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address if you sent an email for us as a suggestion
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:  To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:</p>
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: movceem@gmail.com
View on Mobile
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.gotitya.com/privacy-policy---mobile-numbers.html:
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy - Mobile Numbers
Got it ya Applications
when dreams come true
PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE
Effective date: 15th May 2022
We (or “we”) offer users (“Users” or “You”) phone community services transacted through various software applications and services, including but not limited to the this application. These Terms of Service and Privacy Policy (the “Terms”) will govern Your use of this app services and features (collectively “Services”). By accessing or using any of the Services, You agree to be bound by these Terms.
Your compliance with these Terms at all times, you are granted a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited right to use the Services for Your own personal, non-commercial use. You are not allowed to use the services on any device that you do not own or control. You may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the software applications, any updates, or any part thereof.
We strive to provide adequate and efficient technical support, upgrades and updates for the Services, however, not be under any obligation to provide support or maintenance for the Services under these Terms and reserves the right to limit or discontinue the support, upgrades and updates provided from time to time.
USER OBLIGATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
You agree not to use the Services, Content or information to attempt to circumvent the regular operation of the Services, or reduce the fees or consideration that we may derive from the Services by any means including by creating multiple accounts, redirecting traffic, following other fraudulent or deceptive practices, creating a parallel repository thereof, or seeking to by-pass the Services or compete with us.
Scraping of any information contained in the Services, by use of automated systems or software to extract data, including any Content and any third party information accessible via the Services, is strictly prohibited.
You may not use the Services or the Content in any way, which is illegal, harmful, or may be considered offensive by other individuals, users or third parties. You agree not to exploit the Services or the Content in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, trespassing or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use our Services or Content in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and You acknowledge and agree that we are not in any way responsible for any such use by You, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive or illegal messages or transmissions that You may receive as a result of using the Services. Notwithstanding any other remedies available to us, You agree that we may suspend or terminate Your use of the Services without notice if You use the Services or the Content in any prohibited manner, and that such use will be deemed a material breach of these Terms.
For communication with us, you agree to utilize the communication channel within the app and that this is only communication tool available. You agree that this will be used by you to share any message with development team. You agree and accept that development team may and may not respond to your messages or may not agree to your requests and that you accept that before start using the application.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES, THEIR QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND YOU AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE USED AT YOUR OWN RISK.
You understand and acknowledge that the Services may be unavailable from time to time and that we will not be liable for Your inability to use the Services for whatever reason.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT WE SHALL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA AND GOODWILL, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In particular, and without limitation, We shall have no liability for any information stored or processed within the Services, including the costs of recovering such information. Your only right or remedy with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with the Services, is to uninstall the we applications and cease to use the Services.
WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE VALIDITY, RELIABILITY OR CORRECTNESS OF THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH AND IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SERVICES. ANY USE OF THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK.
Nothing in these Terms shall limit or exclude our liability for any liability that mandatorily cannot be limited or excluded by law, including any rights You may have as a consumer under mandatory consumer law.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Jordan. You agree that any legal action or proceedings may be brought exclusively in the competent courts/tribunals having jurisdiction in Amman, Jordan and both us and You irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts/tribunals.
View on Mobile