Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is our's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
					Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate,
					disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent
						of the individual concerned.
We respects users' personally identifiable information and other data and information we may collect in connection
						with your use of our services (for the purposes of this policy, "personal data") and will comply with applicable
						data protection regulations.
We store a cookie on the user's computer or cellphone to allow the user not to have to re-enter the user's password during
						visits to the Service. For the best experience the user is encouraged to enable/allow cookies.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those
						purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized
						access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We may compile users' data to produce statistics about the use of the Service. Such statistical information includes,
						but is not limited to, information showing the relative popularity of services and tools.
Users must be 13 years of age or older to use this service.
By accepting the Terms of Use the user explicitly consents to use of personal data in accordance with this
						privacy policy.
We store, process and/or transfer personal data to countries outside of the EEA, especially to servers in the US. We
						do this for the purposes of data management and legitimate business purposes described in the terms of service. If
						you do not agree to this procedure you should not use our services.
If you want us to delete all your personal data, please send an email to bingosupport@playerio.com so that we can process
                        your request.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality
					of personal information is protected and maintained. We may change this privacy policy from time to time at our
					sole discretion.