Privacy
1. Information Collected
Quackstro LLC offers a variety of services that are collectively referred to as the 'Services.' Quackstro LLC collects information from individuals who visit the Company's Web site ('Visitors') and individuals who register to use the Services ('Customers').
When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, Quackstro LLC requires you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address ('Required Contact Information'). When purchasing the Services, Quackstro LLC requires you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services ('Billing Information'). Quackstro LLC may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, or industry ('Optional Information'). Required Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information are referred to collectively as 'Data About Quackstro LLC Customers.'
As you navigate the Company's Web site, Quackstro LLC may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons ('Web Site Navigational Information'). Web Site Navigational Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol ('IP') address, and the actions you take on the Company's Web site (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked).
2. Use of Information Collected
The Company uses Data About Quackstro LLC Customers to perform the services requested. For example, if you fill out a 'Contact Me' Web form, the Company will use the information provided to contact you about your interest in the Services.
The Company may also use Data About Quackstro LLC Customers for marketing purposes. For example, the Company may use information you provide to contact you to further discuss your interest in the Services and to send you information regarding the Company and its partners, such as information about promotions or events.
Quackstro LLC uses credit card information solely to check the financial qualifications of prospective Customers and to collect payment for the Services.
Quackstro LLC uses Web Site Navigational Information to operate and improve the Company's Web site. The Company may also use Web Site Navigational Information alone or in combination with Data About Quackstro LLC Customers to provide personalized information about the Company.