Last Updated: 17th August 2023
Bronron Apps
(“we”, “us”, or “our”) is the entity that owns and operates the Barcode Scanner Mobile Application (“App”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our App. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APP.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates.
Data Collection and Use
While using our App, all data collected is anonymous and not linked directly to a user. We may collect data that is created during the operation of the App to improve its functionality and user experience. This data may include:
Information about the type of device and operating system you use
Details of the barcodes you create and scan
Other anonymous usage data and technical logs
App Analytics
We may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our App. These service providers may use anonymous data to help us improve the App and our services. The anonymous data collected is used for analysis and reporting purposes and is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Data Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or transfer your anonymous data to outside parties. We may share aggregated and anonymous user data with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Data Security
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.
Third-Party Websites
The App may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the App, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information.
Children’s Privacy
Our App is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Consent
By using our App, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Contact
For any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the Terms & Conditions of our App, please contact us at the following email address:
admin@bronron.com
.