Privacy Policy
Adikus SAS ("Developer", "we", "us") provides this Privacy Policy to explain how it collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Developer’s software applications, and websites (collectively, “services”). Developer respects the privacy of their users and is committed to protecting the user’s information. You have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our services.
This privacy policy is effective as of March 11, 2021.
The types of information we collect and how we collect it:
Personal Information
Developer collects a unique identifier for each user in the mobile games, nickname and game points earned in the online games.
Developer integrates many third party SDKs in to our services. These SDKs are used for advertising to our users, analyze service usage, enabling in-app purchases, or providing game services like achievements and leaderboards. We allow third party operators this collected solely for internal operations of the service as permitted by applicable rules and laws. This could include, but is not limited to, persistent advertising identifiers and IP address. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below.
Non-personal Information
We allow third parties to collect some anonymous information by which users cannot be identified. Non-personal information may include technical information about your device, such as your browser type, screen resolution, device type, language, type of operating system. Non-personal information is gathered by third party services while you are accessing the service. They are allowed to use this information to conduct research and analysis, but only for strictly limited purposes. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below.
Internally, Developer also reserves the right to collect anonymous information for research and analysis. This information is generic in nature and cannot be used to individually identify a user. This information is collected each time a user runs one of our services.
What we do with the personal information we collect:
Advertisers collect data regarding advertisement performance, user’s interaction with ads, our apps and user’s interests. Collected data may include user’s personal information in order to serve users ads and for the third parties’ legitimate business interests.
Developer collects persistent identifiers in order to provide support for our services to our users.
When a service asks for a username, it is used to visually identify that user to other users playing the game.
What we do with the non-personal information we collect:
Third party operators are allowed to collect and use non-personal information to conduct research and analysis, or to target advertisements, or other limited purposes. This information cannot be user to individually identify any user. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below.
Similarly, Developer also uses non-personal information to conduct research and analysis. We do this to improve our services in future updates or to gain knowledge about how our users our interacting with the service.
Children
We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at contact@adikus.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Disclosure of Personal information
The scenarios in which we will share your personal data are as follows:
we determine that it is required by law;
we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property;
we are participating in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets;
we have your consent; and
as described above in relation third-party operators collecting information from our services.
Under no other circumstances will Developer share, sell, rent, or release your data.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and internal procedures to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Third-party Operators:
Advertising Networks
Developer allows advertisements from the Third Party ad networks to be displayed in our services. Developer makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the third party ad networks are configured to comply with applicable privacy laws, and we reasonably believe this to be the case for each of them.
In-App Purchases
In order to make an in-app purchases, a user must use Apple In-App purchase system we have integrated with our services to finalize and pay for their order. The third party operator’s privacy policy and security practices will apply to this process a user’s information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.
Game Services
Many of our services integrate Apple Game Center. Apple offers their own privacy policy (listed below), and we encourage you to review them.
The following is a list of the third party operators we currently use in our services and links to their privacy policies:
Apple Inc.
Google Inc.
AppLovin Corporation
Chartboost, Inc.
Unity Technologies
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will periodically update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our information practices, and to add additional third party operators. Please check back regularly, as your continued use of our services indicate your acceptance of any changes to this policy.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via email at contact@adikus.com.