Tinkerblocks - code, create, play
Easy and fun coding – for everyone.
Tinkerblocks is a coding app for girls and boys aged six and up – a language free digital toy! Create your individual "Magic Eight Project", invent your "Fun Alarm System" – bring your ideas to life!
4+
Explore everything - Developed for curious girls and boys!
This is my Spacecraft - Rocket Science for Kids
10, 9, 8, 7... Engines running - go!
                                                Get suited up, take a photo and take your best friend with you to spend a day in space.
Get to know all about traveling to the moon and record your own instructions for space mission and program your science adventure to the space station.
4+
This is my food - Nutrition for Kids
Explore the world of food and nutrition and bring your favorite dish to the table!
Gain clever knowledge and learn interesting facts about food classifications, nutrition and how to cultivate herbs in a fun way! The app encourages to review and explore further in the real word!
                                            In a lighthearted way children become experts in food and nutrition.
4+
This is my Weather - Meteorology for Kids
A playful way for boys and girls to learn interesting facts about the weather!
There is something to discover and try out in every section of the app!
                                            The question “what should I wear?” prompts children to dress their chosen character according to the current weather conditions.
                                            Plus children can create their own weather and further find out how thunder storms occur.
4+
This is my car - Mechanics for kids
Fun with technology for boys and girls!
In each section there’s something to do. The car can be refuelled, oil can be topped up, you can change a tire and much, much, more.
4+
This is my Body - Anatomy for Kids
Learn the principles of the human anatomy!
Created by a team of medical doctors, educators and parents, the app features information about important aspects of the human body – all within a beautifully designed and illustrated app!
4+
We create experiences that engage, motivate and encourage kids and grown ups to try out, learn and have fun while playing!
Who am I? Discover Wildlife
An introduction to wild animals in a innovative way to promote creative input.
See animals differently: surprising cutouts, specific features, characteristic fur patterns and tracks that can be combined in a fun and clever way. With over 150 tasks children explore the characteristics of wild animals.
4+
Learn to Read, Learn to Write
A phonetic approach to language that encourages children to write and read their first words.
Mainly targeted at kindergarten and elementary school children, the app is also suitable for younger or older children as it provides a fun learning platform to explore the forms and sounds of letters and phonograms.
4+
Learn Numbers,  Learn to Count
An introduction to the world of math.
Recommended for kindergarten or elementary school children or any child that shows a general interest in math and numbers – they will have fun exploring the foundation of addition.
4+
Learning Math: Multiplication
Learn the foundation of multiplication!
Each times table is presented individually and for every multiplication the division is calculated. Children are guided so they can work independently.
                                            The concept of the app makes it easy to independently control each task at all times.
6+
Pocket Art Lab
create a beautiful card and send a wish!
Now children can independently make cards, write greetings and create beautiful amusing motifs!
9+