Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") that governs how we,
Exact Editions Limited ("
Exact Editions
", "
we
",
"
our
" or "
us
"), use Personal Information (defined below)
that we collect, receive and store
about individuals in connection with the use of the website
www.exacteditions.com
, and
any other website that we operate (each,
together with its sub-domains, content and services, a "
Site
").
We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your privacy, and the
privacy of other users, is important to us.  This Privacy Policy
explains our online information practices and the choices you can make
about the way your Personal Information is collected and used in
connection with the Site.  "
Personal Information
" means any
information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other
information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not
limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email
address, a home or other physical address, or other contact information.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
We record the email address you supply when you register for an account
with Exact Editions, so that you can log back into our services later
on. We remove this record two years after the expiry of your last
subscription with us, at which point you will need to register for a
new account with us if you wish to set up a new subscription.
We will use this email address to contact you with notices related to
your account status (confirmation of purchase, notice of expiry). You
may also opt in to receive a notification when new issues are available
in your account.
If you send us a "Contact Us" request, whether by submitting an online
form that we make available or by sending an email to an email address
that we display, you may be required to provide us with certain
information such as your name and email address.
If you contact us for technical support, we'll manage our response and
your original enquiry via Zendesk.
Our Site may utilize "cookies", anonymous identifiers and other
tracking technologies in order to for us to provide our Site and
present you with information that is customized for you.  A "cookie"
is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect
information about activity on the Site.  Certain cookies and other
technologies may serve to recall Personal Information, such as an
IP address, previously indicated by a user.  Most browsers allow you
to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how
to remove them.  You may set most browsers to notify you if you
receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser,
though if you do so you will not be able to access areas of the sites
which require you to log in.
We make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service
Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages
and any other information your browser may send to us.  We may use
such information to analyze trends, administer the Site, monitor
performance, help with technical support enquiries, and track user's
movement around the Site. We expire these activity logs after thirty
days.
For site monitoring and traffic analysis we integrate with three third
parties:
Google Analytics
,
New Relic
and
Scout
. These services work with
aggregate data to collect information about use of the Service. They
do not identify individuals. We anonymise your IP address before we
share it with Google Analytics.  Google Analytics collects information
such as how often users visit the Service, what pages they visit when
they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the
Service. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to
maintain and improve the Service and our products. We do not combine
the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with
personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share
information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to and use
of the Service is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service,
available at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
,
and the Google Privacy Policy, available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
You may learn more about how
Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with
Google Analytics at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by
downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on,
available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
We store minimal contact information for employees of the publishers
we work with for performing the contracts, so we can fulfil our
obligations to both the subscribers and the publisher.
We store minimal contact information for prospective publishers on the
legal basis of legitimate interest, as we believe our services can
enhance their business.
We store minimal contact information for prospective institutional
subscribers on the legal basis of legitimate interest, as we believe
our platform and the content it offers can enhance their services.
Purchasing Subscriptions
If you purchase a subscription through iTunes, the Google Play store or
the Kindle Fire then Apple, Google or Amazon respectively will record
and retain their own records of that transaction. Similarly, PayPal or
Stripe will retain their own records if you use them to pay for a
purchase.
Some of our publishing partners sell subscriptions directly which allow
you to register a unique identifier with us to claim digital access
("Universal" subscriptions). Publishers are able to see which of these
identifiers have been registered.
Choice
When we contact you by email, we may do so via a third-party service
provider
(
SendGrid
or
Brevo
).
You may choose not to receive future promotional,
advertising, or other Site-related emails from us by selecting an
unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send.  Please note
that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may
still send you a response to any "Contact Us" request as well as
administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password
reset request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Site.
Children's Information
The Site is not structured to attract children under the age of 13
years.  Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information
from anyone we know to be under 13 years.  If we learn that we have
collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years, we will
delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we
might have any such information, please contact us at
support@exacteditions.com
.
Security
The security of Personal Information is important to us.  We follow
generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate
administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect the
Personal Information submitted to us.  However, no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage,
is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any
questions about security on the Service, you can contact us at
support@exacteditions.com
.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you
submitted via the Site if we have a good faith belief that disclosure
of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply
with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental
request; (ii) enforce our Terms, including investigations of potential
violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud
or security  issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights,
property or safety of Exact Editions, our users, yourself or the
public.
In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party
entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve
the right to transfer or assign Personal Information in connection
with the foregoing events.
Commitment
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy
online is an evolving area, and we are constantly evolving our Service
to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding
our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may be storing
and using, please contact us at
support@exacteditions.com
.
Details of Variations
21 February 2025: Updated to include Brevo as a third-party mail service.
May 21, 2018
: Updated to reflect GDPR
18 October 2013
: Updated to include location information.
8 April 2013
: Updated to include New Relic and Flurry.
25 May 2011
: Updated to include iTunes in-app purchases and Google Analytics.
25 November 2005
: Posted.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
