PrivacY policy
Hypnosis and Subliminal LCC/Motivational Life
(“Motivational Life,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in connection with your use of our Website, www.motivationalhypnotherapy.com and www.motivatonallife.com (the “Website(s)”), applications (“Apps”) and other products, services and features thereof (the Website, the Apps and such other products, services and features are collectively referred to herein as the “Product” or “Products,” which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of Motivational Life). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) and any other documents referred to herein set forth the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, in connection with the Products will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will collect, use and disclose your personal information.
1. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Personal information including, for example, your name, email address, telephone, information about your usage of the Products, and information collected by tracking technologies as further described below that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual.
Motivational Life does not collect or process credit or debit card (“Payment Card”) information. Apple and Google collect Payment Card information concerning in-app purchases made through the Apps, and our payment processor collects Payment Card information concerning purchases made through the Websites. Such payment processors generally provide us with some limited information related to you, such as a unique token that enables you to make additional purchases using the information they’ve – stored, and your card’s type, expiration date, billing address, and the last four digits of your card number.
Facebook profile information, such as name, email address, and Facebook ID, if you choose to log in to the Products through Facebook.
Device information includes operating system version, device type, and system performance information.
Information collected via tracking technologies
2. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. Therefore, we follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
support@motivationalhypnotherpy.com
. Except as described under the “Disclosure of Your Information” section below, we do not provide your personal information to any third party without your specific consent, as defined by applicable law.
3. NEWSLETTERS OR OTHER ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
If you sign up to receive promotional materials via email, we will use your information to provide the communications you have requested.
Suppose you inform us that you wish to cancel email promotional materials by selecting “unsubscribe” at the bottom of such communication or emailing us at sdhinc@gmail.com. In that case, we will remove you from our mailing list. Likewise, if you no longer wish to receive push notifications, you may turn them off at the device level.

If you provide your phone number to us directly or through a third party for the specific purpose of receiving an SMS message with a link to our Apps, you will receive such an SMS message (the “SMS Service”). Standard text message rates will apply.
4. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Motivational Life and our analytics partners use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts to enable a service to recognize your device so you don’t have to provide the same information several times during one task, acknowledge that you may have already given a username and password, so you don’t need to do it for every web page requested and to measure how people are using the Products.

We use local storage to store content information and preferences.
We partner with third parties, such as Facebook and Google, to manage our advertising of the Products on other sites or platforms and across your different devices based on your past visits to our Website. Our third-party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities within the Products to deliver such advertising to you, such as retargeting ads. We will acquire consent from you to use such trackers for advertising to the extent required by applicable law. We currently do not respond to do-not-track signals. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You may continue to receive generic ads on these third-party platforms. You may also opt out of receiving ads across devices by adjusting your ad preference in your Google account.

We use third-party trackers to let us know when users have visited the Products by “clicking-through” our sponsored advertising or content hosted on third-party platforms. In addition, the Products use Google Analytics code to gather statistical information. For example, Google Analytics sets cookies to help us accurately estimate the number of visitors to the Products and the volumes of usage of the Products. This is done to ensure that the products are available and fast when you want them. For more information on how Google Analytics processes this information, visit www.google.com/analytics.
MOBILE ANALYTICS
We use mobile analytics software to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. TFor example, this software may record information such as how often you engage with the Products, the events within the Products, aggregated usage and performance data, and where the Applications were downloaded from. In addition, we may link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
LOG FILES
As true of most websites, we gather certain information and automatically store it in log files. This information may include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
If you receive the HTML-formatted version of our email newsletter, your opening of the newsletter is notified to us and saved. In addition, your clicks on links in the newsletter are also protected. These and the available statistics are used in aggregate form to indicate the popularity of the content and help us make decisions about future content and formatting.
5. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
All information you provide to us through the Products is stored on our secure servers located in the US. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology; all payment information is stored with our payment processor and is never stored on Motivational Life’s servers. We have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of the Products; you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone and suggest that you change your password frequently.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your data, we cannot guarantee your data’s security; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorized access.
6. SINGLE SIGN-ON
You can log into our Products using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect. These services will authenticate your identity, provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us, and pre-populate our sign-up form. In addition, services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on our Products or to your profile page to share with others within your network.
7. ACCESS TO AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request, Motivational Life will provide you with information about whether we hold or process any of your data on behalf of a third party. To request this information, please email support@motivationalhypnotherapy.com
You may access your personal information to modify or update at any time via an online account, or by emailing sdhinc@gmail.com.
We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe.
8. USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
First, to ensure that content provided by the Products is presented most effectively for you and your computer or other devices.
To provide you with information, products or services related to Motivational Life that you will facilitate your engagement with the Products.
To provide you with promotional communications, such as email, to the extent that you have provided consent to receive such communications under applicable law.
To provide you with customer service communications.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of the Products when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to the Products.
To account for applicable sales taxes based on zip codes provided to our payment processors for purchases made through the Websites.
To serve our advertisements to you through third-party platforms, such as Facebook or Google, on other sites and apps or across your devices, to the extent that you have provided consent for such uses under applicable law
To provide you with the SMS Service to the extent that you have provided consent for such practices under applicable law.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through the Products and the fulfillment of your product orders.
Details of your visits to and interactions with the Products including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (email or in-Product communication) with information about products and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to companies that host advertisements on our behalf. Still, we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the audience they want to target.
9. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:
In some circumstances, based on your specific requests, we may need to disclose your personal information to a third party to provide a service you have requested from such party or fulfill a request for information from such party. An example of this is the SMS Service.
If we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Motivational Life or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
Suppose we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information to comply with any legal obligation such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, similar legal process, or to enforce or apply our agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Motivational Life, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
10. WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT FOR PROCESSING ACTIVITIES
To the extent that you have provided appropriate consent under applicable law to certain processing activities, such as the use of trackers for retargeting activities, such consent can be withdrawn at any time by emailing support@motivationalhypnotherpy.com.
11. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
From time to time, the Products may contain links to and from the Products of our partner networks, advertisers, and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these external websites, please note that they have their privacy policies and do not accept any responsibility or liability for these websites or their policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these external websites.
12. SOCIAL MEDIA WIDGETS
Our Products include social media features like the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs. These features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on or Products, and set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Products. Your interactions with these features are governed by the company’s privacy statement providing it.
13. USE OF MOTIVATIONAL LIFE BY MINORS
You must be 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your province, territory, or country, to sign up as a registered user of the Products. Individuals under the age of 18, or the applicable age of majority, may utilize the Products only with the involvement and consent of a parent or legal guardian, under such person’s account and otherwise subject to these Terms.
14. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by in-Product message, email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice in the Products prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
15. CONTACT
Questions, comments, and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to support@motivationalhypnotherapy.com