Automatically Collected Information and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Our new Privacy Policy (July 24, 2018) reflects the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) standards and
applies to all apps that we will release after that date
. In short, we do not collect your personal data. We only collect anonymous statistical information, however our ads suppliers may use advertising ID of your device to provide more relevant ads based on your personal preferences. You can find links to our partners’ privacy policies below:
Unity Ads & Analytics:
https://unity3d.com/legal/gdpr
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google AdMob:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489613
All of our apps includes a link to this Privacy Policy on their respective store pages for you to review before deciding to download.
By downloading and using the app you are consenting to the data processing as described in this Privacy Policy.
You can always withdraw your consent and also request your data within the app itself or disable the use of advertising ID globally from your device settings:
On iOS devices you can opt-out by choosing “limit ad tracking” option from privacy settings.
On Android devices you can opt-out by choosing “Opt-out of interest based ads” in settings.
Our apps released before 2018
We only collect anonymous statistical information from within our apps.
When you download and use our apps we don’t require that you provide any information nor we do not collect any information about you.
Our apps do not collect personally identifiable information from our users. In other words, we do not collect information such as a user’s name, age, gender, address, phone number or email address.
Our apps relies on technology called Unity Analytics to monitor and collect data about player activities within the apps. You may read third-party privacy policy for Unity Analytics
here
.
Our apps may contain advertisements.
Our apps do not use or collect a user’s precise geographic location.
Our apps may contain social network integration or other social features (links to facebook, twitter, etc)
Our apps may contain information about our other apps with links to those apps.
Our apps may contain “feedback”, “tell a friend”, “rate now” and/or “gift now” buttons.
Our apps may contain in app purchases to enable additional content or benefits.
Our educational apps designed for kids
We only collect anonymous statistical information from within our kids apps and
COPPA Compliance setting of Unity Analytics is always enabled.
When you download and use our kids apps we don’t require that you provide any information nor we do not collect any information about you.
Our kids apps do not collect personally identifiable information from our users. In other words, we do not collect information such as a user’s name, age, gender, address, phone number or email address.
Our kids apps relies on technology called Unity Analytics to monitor and collect data about player activities within the app. You may read third-party privacy policy for Unity Analytics
here
.
Our kids apps do not contain any advertisement.
Our kids apps do not use or collect a user’s precise geographic location.
Our kids apps do not contain social network integration or other social features (links to facebook, twitter, etc)
Our kids apps may contain information about our other kids apps with links to those kids apps. These links are found on a contained, parent targeted screen separate from game play screens and are only accessible through “press and hold” buttons.
Our apps may contain “feedback”, “tell a friend”, “rate now” and/or “gift now” buttons. These buttons are found on a contained, parent targeted screen separate from game play screens and are only accessible through a “press and hold” button.
Our apps may contain in app purchases to enable additional content. These in app purchases are purchased only once and my be re-activated across all of your devices of the same type.
Privacy & Cookie Policy of our website.
If you submit a support request, we’ll need your name and email address in order to contact you. In the event that a user contacts us through a support request, and identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13, we will not collect, store or use any personal information of that user, and will delete all information about that user in a secure manner.
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at
the About Cookies website
which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
When you visit our website for the first time, we will ask for your consent. If you agree we use cookies to evaluate how (anonymous) people are using our website, and how we could improve it. If you deny or choose to disable cookies within your browser, our site will operate just as well.
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party web sites or services from our website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Our website comply with
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
. We do not collect any personal data with the exception of our support ticket system and blog comments. If you’ve ever used these services you may always contact us to request removal of your information from our systems.
Revoke cookies
Our website and mobile apps for kids comply with the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our privacy policy has been created following the guidelines of the federal trade commission (FTC) as expressed in the childrenʼs online privacy protection rule (COPPA). The rule requires operators of online services, including interactive mobile apps, to provide notice and get parental consent prior to collecting information from children under 13.
Please note, “app(s)” term in above policy is used to define any applications and games released by Pixel Envision Ltd.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send us an email at support [at] pixelenvision [dot] com
Last updated February 12, 2020