Privacy Policy
Photo Editor- is developed and published by Axiem Systems. All intellectual property rights are owned by Axiem Systems.
Axiem Systems respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you. This Privacy Policy defines how Axiem Systems collects and uses personal and non-personal information in relation to the application ("app") Photo Editor-.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING PHOTO EDITOR-, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS PHOTO EDITOR-. Axiem Systems reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times; therefore please review it frequently. If Axiem Systems makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Axiem Systems will notify you by means of a notice within the Photo Editor- app. Your continued use of Photo Editor- will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data:
Axiem Systems does not collect or use any personal data that may be used to identify or contact you, without your consent. Axiem Systems does not collect or use names, email addresses, photos, telephone numbers, credit cards numbers, account names, account numbers or other information that would enable Axiem Systems to identify you. If the app uses Third-Party services for sharing Content generated using this app, the app would access your basic data from such Third-Party services needed for the authentication, Content sharing or other features provided by the Third-Parties, however, the app would not collect or use any personal data.
Non-personal data:
Axiem Systems may use tools or third-party analytical software to collect and use certain non-personal data that does not enable Axiem Systems to identify you. The types of non-personal data Axiem Systems may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) mobile device type ; (ii) mobile device software version; (iii) geographical data no more accurate than metropolitan areas; (iv) total time of app usage and usage of filters; (v) other non-personal app data as reasonably required by Axiem Systems to enhance its features.
Axiem Systems may use the collected data for purposes of analyzing usage of the app, managing and providing Photo Editor- and to further develop Axiem Systems's services and products.
Data Retention:
Axiem Systems retains the information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. If the collected information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Axiem Systems shall delete all aforementioned information in its possession.
Third-Party Terms and Conditions:
Please note that your access to and the ability to use Photo Editor- may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line social sharing platforms and payment providers if any. You recognize and agree that Axiem Systems is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.