We use cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.
I agree
I decline
Change my preferences
BejBej Apps
Privacy Policy
Overview
Dayana Networks Ltd. is strongly committed to 
protecting the privacy of its Client's and of its interactive 
products and services. Throughout cyberspace, we want to contribute 
to providing a safe and secure environment for all our Client's, 
Customer's and Visitor's.
While this privacy policy applies to the Dayana Networks Ltd. site 
and all of the other Internet-accessible Dayana Networks Ltd. 
branded services, we will refer here only to Dayana Networks Ltd. to 
make reading this policy easier. The purpose of this privacy policy 
is to inform you, as a welcomed Client of Dayana Networks Ltd. 
Services, what kind of information we may gather about you, how we 
may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the 
choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, 
the information.
Finally, please note that this policy applies only to Dayana 
Networks Ltd. and Web sites that carry the Dayana Networks Ltd. 
brand, and not to other companies or organisation's web sites to 
which we link. We have clearly marked Dayana Networks Ltd. or Dayana 
Networks and these 
branded Web sites with our copyright information so you know where 
this policy applies.
Definitions
"Client": The trader being a company, partnership, 
  sole trader or other organisation or any individual, which 
  undertakes to accept Dayana Networks Ltd. Services.
"Partner", "Affiliate": A third-party organisation that provides 
  Internet development, hosting and/or Internet access services and/or 
  other services to the Dayana Networks Ltd. and/or Client.
"Services", "Products": Web Site hosting, Web design, Domain name 
  registration, DNS hosting, email hosting and other related internet 
  services.
Collecting Information
In general, our service automatically gathers certain usage 
information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to Dayana 
Networks Ltd. and its areas, very much like television ratings that 
tell the networks how many people tuned in to a program. We only use 
such data in the aggregate. This collective data helps us determine 
how much our Clients use parts of the site, so we can improve our 
site to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many 
of you as possible. For example, Dayana Networks Ltd. uses a 
technology nicknamed "cookies" that tells us how and when pages in 
the site are visited, and by how many people. Dayana Networks Ltd. 
cookies do not collect personally identifiable Information and we do 
not combine information collected through cookies with other 
personally identifiable Information to tell us who you are or even 
what your screen name or e-mail address is.
How our service automatically gathers certain usage information
"Cookies" A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's 
  hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a 
  cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable 
  information while on our site. Once the Client closes their 
  browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a Client rejects the 
  cookie, they may still use the site. The only drawback to this 
  is that the Client will be limited in some areas of the site.
Log Files: We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer 
  the site, track Client's movement, and gather broad demographic 
  information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to 
  personally identifiable information.
"Tell-A-Friend" If a Client elects to use our referral 
  service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for 
  the friend's name and email address. Dayana Networks Ltd. will 
  automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to 
  visit the site. Dayana Networks Ltd. does not store this 
  information as it is a one-time email.
"Analytics Tools" We use 3rd-party tools from Google or Apple in our apps
  to gatter usage information that are not linked to client's identity.
Collecting Personal or any Specific Information via On-Line Forms
Sometimes, we may specifically ask for information about you 
when you sign up to use a service, like "Members Area", or when you 
order a product or ask us for the Service Quote. We will need 
certain information -- such as name, Internet address, billing 
address, type of computer, credit card number -- in order to provide 
that service or product to you. We may also use that information to 
let you know of additional products and services about which you 
might be interested.
How we may collect Personal or Any Specific Information
"Registration" In order to use some parts of Dayana Networks 
  Ltd. Website or gained information of some product or/and 
  services, Client must first complete the registration form. 
  During registration Client is required to give their contact 
  information (such as name and email address). This information 
  is used to contact the user about the services on our site for 
  which they have expressed interest.
"On-Line Payment", "Shopping Cart" We request information 
  from the Client in our order form and/or service payment form. 
  Here Client must provide contact information (like name and 
  billing address) and financial information (like credit card 
  number, expiration date). This information is used for billing 
  purposes and to fill Client's orders. If we have trouble 
  processing an order, this contact information is used to get in 
  touch with the Client.
Use, Collection and Retention of Client Information
Dayana Networks Ltd. collects, retains and uses only the information about 
our Client's that is required by law to administer Dayana Networks 
Ltd. business and provide high-level services to our Client's. We 
retain this information no longer than necessary to meet these 
objectives.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
Dayana Networks Ltd. has 
established procedures so that a Client's financial and personally 
identifiable information is accurate, current and complete in 
accordance with reasonable commercial standards. Any request to 
correct inaccurate information is responded to within a timely 
manner.
Limiting Employee Access to Information
All Dayana Networks Ltd. 
employees are educated about the importance of privacy and 
confidentiality. Only those employees having a business reason for 
knowing such information have access to personally identifiable 
information.
Protection of Information via Established Security Procedures
Dayana Networks Ltd. maintains rigorous security standards and 
procedures regarding unauthorised access to Client information. 
Therefore we do not store very sensitive information such as Credit 
Card Information on-line or in any computer accessible from the 
internet.
Maintaining Client Privacy in Business Relationships with Third Parties
We do not use or disclose information about your individual 
visits to Dayana Networks Ltd. Sites or information that you may 
give us, such as your name, address, e-mail address or telephone 
number, to any outside companies. But sometimes it is necessary to 
provide personally identifiable Client information to a third party, 
Dayana Networks Ltd. shall insist that the third party adheres to 
similar privacy principles that are provided for keeping such 
information confidential.
Restrictions on the Disclosure of Account Information
Dayana Networks Ltd. provides information about Client's accounts or other 
personally identifiable data to third parties only when:
The information is provided to help complete a Client initiated transaction
The Client requires it
The disclosure is required by/or allowed by law
It is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
Disclosure of Privacy Principles to Clients
Dayana Networks Ltd. Client's have the right to know what information we keep about them 
and how the information is used. Client's have the right to have any 
inaccurate information corrected or deleted.
Unsolicited E-mail Circulars Policy
Unsolicited email circulars (SPAM) - are becoming an increasing nuisance to Internet users. 
These mass direct mail-shots can cause inconvenience, annoyance and 
expense to recipients. Dayana Networks Ltd. does not condone such 
practices in any form, nor do we sanction such applications by other 
websites.
Mobile Apps
Mobile apps may collect and pass to third parties precise geolocation 
information linked to your mobile device or advertising identifiers and 
may do when you use the app or when the app runs in the background on 
your device. That information may be used by third parties to customize 
ads in this app or in other apps: for instance, if your device is often 
located at or near music venues, you might receive offers for music 
tickets (even when you are not at a music venue). The information also 
may be used for market or other research regarding aggregated traffic 
patterns: for instance, a company that analyzes shopping trends might use 
the information to learn whether more or fewer devices are seen near malls 
or in other shopping districts.
We automatically collect usage information that does not identify an individual 
user (“Usage Data”). For example, when you download and use the Services on 
a mobile device, we automatically collect information such as your device 
type, operating system version and type, certain device settings, device time 
zone, device carrier, current IP address, applications installed on the device, 
and platform-specific advertising identifiers. We may also collect location 
information, such as your device GPS coordinates, unless you configure your 
device operating system settings to prevent our collection of location information. 
Additionally, each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of 
web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, 
your IP address, the pages you view, and the time and duration of your visits 
to the Site. We use this information to enhance the services we offer, provide 
targeted advertising, and to help us understand how people use the Site and Services. 
Aggregated device data, including location and usage data, is also measured 
for the purposes of market research.
We avoid collecting sensitive information in all of our apps, however if we have to 
keep such data either on device or in the cloud, we encrypt the data prior to
transmission over internet (even if connection is secure) or saving it to any 
local medium.
Dayana Networks Ltd. Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy for Dayana Networks Ltd., we will post 
those changes here so that you will always know what information we 
gather, how we might use that information and whether we will 
disclose it to anyone.
Resume
All services provided by Dayana Networks Ltd. to the 
Client are subject to the above Global Privacy Policy and our 
standard Terms and Conditions (TOS) and Acceptable Use Policy (AUP).
Share
Tweet
Email
Share
Share
Share
Share