Skip to main content
Skip to footer
1.- What is the company controller and processor for processing your data?
The company controller for processing your data is HOLA, S.L., is a legal entity and its registered office address is Calle Miguel Angel, 1, 28010, Madrid - Spain, and VAT number ES-B86326360, HELLO! LTD (the Data Processor), is a legal UK entity with registered office address at Wellington House, 69-71 Upper Ground, London SE1 9PQ, UK with VAT number GB-480771530 and ICO Registration Number 1121037 (Hereinafter, “HELLO!”),
We would like to inform that this Website (hereinafter, the "Website") is owned by HELLO!.
The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to inform the user (hereinafter, the “User”) of the Website
https://www.hellomagazine.com
and subscribers to HELLO! Magazine (print edition) about the collection and use of his/her personal data.
The access and/or use of the Website, attributes you the condition of User, and implies the acceptance, from such access and/or use, of the present Privacy Notice.
The User may contact HELLO! in connection with the present Data Privacy and Protection Policy at
privacy@hellomagazine.com
2.- Why is HELLO! lawful to process your data?
HELLO! is enabled to process your data in order to provide its services.
HELLO! is also enabled to process your data based on the consent requested from the User or on a legitimate interest, if applicable.
HELLO! takes the protection of your privacy and personal data very seriously. Therefore, your personal information is kept secure and treated with the utmost care.
This Privacy Notice governs the access to and use of the service of the Website (the "Service") that HELLO! makes available to the User interested in the services and Content hosted on the Website.
In this sense, the legitimation purposes used by HELLO! for the treatment of the Users' data are:
The Users' consent to the processing of their personal data for the purposes specified in each case.
Legitimate interest
Execution of subscription contract between the subscriber and HELLO!.
The User data processed by HELLO! are exclusively identification data. In no case do we process special categories of personal data.
3.- What are the purposes of the processing of your personal data from HELLO!?
Your personal data collected by HELLO! may
be used for the following purposes, according to the consent given in the corresponding registration form:
3.1
The provision of HELLO! services.
In order to provide the service demanded by the User, HELLO! will need to process personal data obtained from the information the User provides to HELLO!.
HELLO! will process Users' personal data in order to facilitate, speed up and fulfil the commitments established between the Website and the User, and to improve the quality, operation and navigation of the Website, as well as to manage the relationship established with the User through the forms on the Website in order to respond to a request or query.
3.2.
The sending of commercial communications and/or newsletters by HELLO!:
This purpose will be the sending, by letter, telephone, email, SMS/MMS, or other equivalent electronic communication of information and commercial communications that may be of interest to you on behalf of the organization HELLO!
3.3.
Sending of commercial communications and/or newsletters by HELLO! on behalf of third parties.
By giving their consent to the sending of commercial communications and/or newsletters by third party companies in accordance with the preferences indicated in the corresponding form, the user may consent that their data may be transferred to the following sectors:
Telecommunications: Telecommunications and technology products and services
Health: Medical and health care. Medical and pharmaceutical products. Prosthetic and hearing products
Financial: Provided by financial institutions
Insurance: Insurance companies (cars, commercial vehicles, health, life, motorbikes, pets, home, etc.) and social security
Energy and water: Products related to Electricity, Hydrocarbons, Gas and Water
Marketing or commercial prospecting
Leisure: Sports, Collecting, Tourism, Photography, Hobbies, Toys, Transport, Gardening, Hobbies, Publishing, Communication and Entertainment, Lotteries
FMCG: Electronics, computers, image and sound, accessories, home, bazaar, furniture, real estate, food and beverages, health and beauty, personal care (parapharmacy, pharmaceutical specialities, perfumery, cosmetics), fashion and accessories, jewellery, costume jewellery, precious stones, decoration, textiles
Automotive: Products and services related to all types of automobiles (cars, motorbikes, trucks, etc.)
NGOs: Products and services related to NGOs and ideologies
Jewellery and precious stones: products and services related to jewellery, costume jewellery and precious stones
Energy and Water: Products and services related to energy and water
Training: products and services related to education, textbooks, school or training material, offers on on-site and distance learning courses, etc
The purpose of use will be the sending by letter, telephone, e-mail, SMS/MMS, or other equivalent means of electronic communication by these companies of information and commercial communications that may be of interest to you.
3.4.
Transfers of personal data to third parties.
If the User has consented, their data may be transferred to companies related to the sectors listed and detailed in point 3.3.
The purpose of the transfer will be to send, by letter, telephone, e-mail, SMS/MMS, or by other equivalent means of electronic communication by these companies, information and commercial communications that may be of interest to you
We may share your personal data with a third-party auditing organisation (ABC) so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their Privacy Notice by following this
link
When you enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar) we may share personal or other information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp, Inc. and its group companies. LiveRamp’s Privacy Notice and opt-out is available here:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you. We place this code in our cookie or use a LiveRamp cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may in turn use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them. You have the right to express a choice regarding our use of LiveRamp cookies and our sharing of this data with LiveRamp for the above purposes
We may also provide your personal data to Public Administration bodies and competent authorities in those cases that HELLO! Ltd receives a legal request, or in acting in good faith, we consider that such action is necessary to comply with a legal process, such as to answer any claim; or to protect the rights of HELLO! Ltd or its customers and the public.
3.5.
The sending of commercial communications to carry out satisfaction surveys, market studies, among others to be able to offer Users the most appropriate offers and quality in the Products offered on the HELLO!
3.6.
Management and processing, where appropriate, of the participation of Users in sweepstakes, competitions, promotions, among others.
3.7.
Sending commercial promotions to members of the HELLO!
3.8.
Manage subscriptions and deliveries of HELLO! products, such as HELLO! magazine.
3.9.
In case of registration and/or invitation to the User, to enable participation in events and to send electronic communications about these events.
3.10.
If the User has profiles on Social Networks and interacts with HELLO! Products on such Social Networks, such as pages and posts, HELLO! may process the User's profile data and other information accessible within the Social Network, depending on the User's privacy settings on the Social Network and based on the terms and conditions and Privacy Notice of such Social Network, for the purposes applicable to each Social Network (replying to messages, giving likes, etc.)
3.11.
If the User has profiles on Social Networks and interacts with HELLO! Products on such Social Networks, such as pages and posts, HELLO! may process the User's profile data and other information accessible within the Social Network, depending on the User's privacy settings on the Social Network and based on the terms and conditions and Privacy Notice of such Social Network, for the purposes applicable to each Social Network (replying to messages, giving likes, etc.).
3.12.
The creation of commercial profiles for Users of
https://www.hellomagazine.com/
. These profiles are only created with the prior consent of each User. The elaboration of user profiles is based on the combination of the data provided by the User at the time of registration on our website (name, age, sex and contact email) with the browsing history obtained by the cookies used by our website. Based on the profile of the Users, HELLO! will only show information according to their preferences while browsing our website. Otherwise, Users may be shown information that is irrelevant to their preferences and points of interest. We also collect your gender and age data in order to carry out profiling and segmentation with your data in order to carry out personalised display advertising, as well as to be able to send you commercial communications about our products and services that are more adapted to your tastes and needs, provided that we have obtained your consent. In accordance with current legislation on data protection, the User retains the right to revoke such consent at any time by contacting HELLO! at privacy@hellomagazine.com.
4.- Veracity of the data provided by the Users and minor’s data
All data have been provided to HELLO! by the Users through forms available on hellomagazine.com, the User guarantees the veracity of the personal data supplied and undertakes to communicate to HELLO! any changes in said data. The User shall be responsible, in any event, for the veracity of the data supplied, and HELLO! reserves the right to exclude from the services any Users who has provided false data, without prejudice to any other legal action that may be taken.
In addition, the User should provide HELLO! with an email address or any other means of electronic communication, the User expressly authorizes HELLO! to use such means as a way of communicating with him/her in order to reply to his/her requests and/or consultations, to provide him/her with information or news of HELLO! and to inform him/her of any relevant changes which are made on or to the Web Site. However, the User may object to the use of his contact email for commercial purposes by means of the corresponding box in the respective form for collecting data. In addition, the User retains the right to revoke such consent at any time by the clicking
here
In relation to the protection of minors' personal data, access to and use of the website by minors under the age of 16 is prohibited. HELLO! Ltd is not responsible for the use of the website by minors, so it is the responsibility of parents or guardians to monitor access to the Hola! website.
5.- Data conservation
User’s personal data that HELLO! collects through the different contact and / or information collection forms will be kept as long as deletion is not requested by the User. The data provided by our subscribers will be kept as long as the commercial relationship between the parties is maintained with regards to any minimum legal requirements.
Likewise, HELLO! will preserve the User's personal data only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or until the User expresses his/her wish to unsubscribe from HELLO! services, for the purpose of receiving information about the company's services. Subsequently, if necessary, HELLO! will keep the information blocked for the legally established periods.
Personal data will also be kept responding to issues that arise, to solve problems, to make improvements, to activate new services and will also meet legal requirements. This may mean that we retain your personal data for a reasonable period of time even after you have stopped using our products or website. After this period, your personal data will be deleted from all Data Controller and Data Processor systems.
6.- User's rights regarding their data
Users are entitled to:
Access their personal data
Request the rectification of any inaccurate data
Request the erasure of their data
Request that the processing of their data be limited
Oppose to the processing of their data
Request the portability of their data
Not be subjected to automated individual decisions
The User can exercise all these rights at the following email address
privacy@hellomagazine.com
indicating the specific reasons for the request and a copy of ID card.
The User may also send his request by ordinary mail to the following address:
HELLO! Ltd,
VAT number GB-480771530
Wellington House, 69-71 Upper Ground, London SE1 9PQ, UK
Without prejudice to any other administrative and/or judicial actions which may be at their disposal, Users shall be entitled to file a claim before the Supervisory Authority (https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/), in particular in the Member State where they have their usual residence or their workplace or in the place where any alleged infringement has taken place, if they consider that their personal data have not been processed in accordance with applicable regulations and/or if they have been prevented from exercising any of their rights. The Supervisory Authority receiving the claim shall inform the claimant of the situation and result of the same.
7.- Data security and conservation.
The protection of the privacy and personal data of its clients and visitors is very important to HELLO!. HELLO! uses all its best efforts to prevent your data from being used inadequately. Only authorized personnel have access to your data.
HELLO! adopts the security levels required by UK and European regulations in force in data protection taking into account the state of the art, the costs of application and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the treatment described, as well as the risks of probability and severity variables for their rights and freedoms as a person.
HELLO! keeps personal data protection security levels as provided by applicable regulations and has implemented all technical means at its disposal to prevent any loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access to and/or theft of the data provided by the Users through its Website, without prejudice to informing Users that security measures on the Internet are not unbreakable.
HELLO! undertakes to comply with its duty to maintain the secrecy and confidentiality of personal data as provided by applicable law, as well as to provide them with secure processing in international data transfers and assignments, where appropriate.
In those services of the Web Site that require registration as a User, a password must be chosen. The User is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of this password, as well as for all activities that occur during the session initiated with his/her name and password.
The User agrees to notify HELLO! as soon as possible of any unauthorized use of its Username and/or password or any other breach of security. HELLO! will not be liable for any damage or loss that may arise due to the User's failure to comply with this obligation.
8.- Updates and changes in our Privacy Notice
HELLO! has the right to revise its Privacy Notice from time to time. For this reason, we encourage the User to regularly check this Privacy Notice for the most recent version of this Privacy Notice.
However, any changes to this Privacy Notice will be communicated to the User.
9.- Links
HELLO!’s Website may contain links to the websites of third-party companies and entities. HELLO! is not responsible for the treatment of privacy and personal data by these companies, so we advise you to carefully read the Privacy Notice statements of these websites that are not owned by HELLO! regarding the use, processing and protection of personal data. This Privacy Notice will be applied exclusively to information which we compile on this Website.
The conditions offered by these websites may not be the same as those offered by HELLO!.
10.- Subscriptions and General inquiries
To cancel your subscription to our newsletter and alerts go to this
page
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the processing of your data, please contact HELLO! by e-mail at the following address:
privacy@hellomagazine.com
For full details of our Subscription Term and Conditions, please
click here.
In the case of subscriptions to digital editions of HELLO! Magazine and HFM - HELLO! Fashion Monthly we inform you that the Data Controllers on the processing of your data will be the management entities of the online content download platforms. Consequently, HELLO! Ltd does not assume any responsibility for the processing of your data made by each online content management platform. You should carefully read the privacy policy of the content management platform of your choice.
It is noted that the Data Controller of the 'Subscriptions' section refers to print subscriptions is HOLA
In any case, we must warn you that a refusal on your part to provide certain requested information during the subscription process could hinder the development of the contractual relationship between the parties with the possibility of the cancellation or termination of your subscription.
11.- Acceptance and Consent
The User declares to have been informed of the conditions on personal data protection, accepting and consenting to the processing of this data by HELLO!, in the manner and for the purposes indicated in this Privacy Notice.
These Conditions will be governed at all times by the provisions of UK and European legislation on the protection of personal data and privacy.