Privacy Policy
boriskalinin.com provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using its services and applications. If you do not agree to our practices, please do not use our web site, services or applications.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the boriskalinin.com Terms of Service. Your use of the boriskalinin.com web site, software, services and any personal information you provide on the boriskalinin.com web site or its services remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Please note that any status submissions, instant messages or other content posted at the direction or discretion of users of the boriskalinin.com services becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is part of boriskalinin.com’s Terms of Service and covers the treatment of user information, including personally identifying information, obtained by boriskalinin.com, including information obtained when you access the boriskalinin.com provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using its services and applications. If you do not agree to our practices, please do not use our web site, services or applications.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the boriskalinin.com Terms of Service. Your use of the boriskalinin.com web site, software, services and any personal information you provide on the boriskalinin.com web site or its services remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Please note that any status submissions, instant messages or other content posted at the direction or discretion of users of the boriskalinin.com services becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is part of boriskalinin.com’s Terms of Service and covers the treatment of user information, including personally identifying information, obtained by boriskalinin.com, including information obtained when you access the boriskalinin.com’s Site, use the boriskalinin.com Service or any other software provided by boriskalinin.com.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that boriskalinin.com does not own or control, or to individuals whom boriskalinin.com does not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which boriskalinin.com may disclose user information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
The Information boriskalinin.com Collects
boriskalinin.com may obtain the following types of information from or concerning you or your mobile phone device, which may include information that can be used to identify you as specified below:
User Provided Information: You provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as your mobile phone number, push notification name (if applicable), billing information (if applicable) and mobile device information to boriskalinin.com when choosing to participate in various uses of the boriskalinin.com Service, such as registering as a user, updating your status or requesting status for your contacts.
Cookies Information: When you visit the boriskalinin.com Site, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser.
Log File Information: When you use the boriskalinin.com Site, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (”IP”) address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser, your phone number, phone number you are requesting the status of and various status information. When you use the boriskalinin.com Service, our servers log certain general information that our application sends whenever a message is sent or received, or if you update or request any status information, including time and date stamps and the mobile phone numbers the messages were sent from and to.
The Information boriskalinin.com Does Not Collect
boriskalinin.com does not collect names, emails, addresses or other contact information from its users’ mobile address book or contact lists other than mobile phone numbers—the boriskalinin.com mobile application will associate whatever name the boriskalinin.com user has assigned to the mobile telephone number in his/her mobile address book or contact list — and this occurs dynamically on the mobile device itself and not on boriskalinin.com’s servers and is not transmitted to boriskalinin.com.
The contents of messages that have been delivered by the boriskalinin.com Service are not copied, kept or archived by boriskalinin.com in the normal course of business. The boriskalinin.com Service is meant to be a SMS replacement, using data service through a user’s phone (either via cell network or wifi). Users type their messages, which are sent via data service to our servers, and routed to the intended recipient (who must also be a boriskalinin.com user), if that recipient is online. If the recipient is not online, the undelivered message is held in boriskalinin.com’s server until it can be delivered. If the message is undelivered for thirty (40) days, the undelivered message is deleted from our servers. Once a message has been delivered, it no longer resides on our servers.
The Way boriskalinin.com Uses Information
If you submit Personally Identifiable Information to us through the boriskalinin.com Site, or boriskalinin.com Service, then we use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the boriskalinin.com Site and boriskalinin.com Service.
We do not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information (such as mobile phone number) with other third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with third party service providers to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the boriskalinin.com Service. We may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, asset views, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the boriskalinin.com Site. We may collect and release Personally Identifiable Information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law), international law or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant or equivalent, or where in our reasonable belief, an individual’s physical safety may be at risk or threatened. boriskalinin.com also reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that boriskalinin.com believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Service, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the boriskalinin.com Site or our servers, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of boriskalinin.com, our users or others.
Your Choices
You may, of course, decline to submit Personally Identifiable Information through the boriskalinin.com Site or the boriskalinin.com Service, in which case boriskalinin.com may not be able to provide certain services to you. If you do not agree with our Privacy Policy or Terms of Service, please delete your account, uninstall the boriskalinin.com mobile application and discontinue use of the boriskalinin.com Service; your continued usage of the boriskalinin.com Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Data Security
boriskalinin.com uses commercially reasonable physical and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to boriskalinin.com and you do so at your own risk. Using unsecured wifi or other unprotected networks to submit messages through the boriskalinin.com Service is never recommended.
Privacy of Children
boriskalinin.com does not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information or non-personally-identifiable information on the boriskalinin.com Site or boriskalinin.com Service from persons under 16 years of age, and no part of the boriskalinin.com Service is directed to or intended to be used by persons under 16. If you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use the boriskalinin.com Service or access the boriskalinin.com Site at any time or in any manner. If boriskalinin.com learns that Personally Identifiable Information of persons under 16 years of age has been collected on the boriskalinin.com Site or boriskalinin.com Service, then boriskalinin.com may deactivate the account and/or make the status submissions inaccessible.
International Users
The boriskalinin.com Site and Service are hosted in the United States and through your continued use of the boriskalinin.com Site and Service you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you expressly consent to that transfer.
In the Event of Merger, Sale, or Bankruptcy
In the event that boriskalinin.com is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the (hopefully) unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.