Trace
Board
Journal
Morpholio
Support
About
Press
Marketplace
Trace Blog
Board Blog
Learn
My Account
Privacy Policy
Summary
The following Morpholio Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information when you use Morpholio's products and services, including information provided when you use
myMorpholio.com
and the Morpholio applications, including, but not limited to Morpholio, Morpholio Trace, Morpholio Exhibit, Morpholio Board and Morpholio Journal.
General
All usage of Morpholio Services, which includes but is not limited to all software and products, shall be governed by the Terms of Service, Universal Terms, and Additional Terms, as defined and available on the www.mymorpholio.com website. If there are any conflicts or ambiguities between the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service, the Terms of Service shall govern.
All images, graphics, text, videos, audio, or content of any kind posted, displayed or stored on Morpholio products, services, applications or any of its Services, as defined in the Terms of Service, shall be subject to the terms and conditions defined in the Terms of Service.
Morpholio, when used herein, shall Morpholio, Morpholio LLC, and any associated or subsidiary companies, products, services, applications, and software.
Personal information
You need a Morpholio account to use the myMorpholio.com website and the Morpholio applications or services. Morpholio will ask for some personal information when you create a Morpholio account, including your email address and a password, which is used to protect your account from unauthorized access.
When you use the myMorpholio.com< website, or the Morpholio applications and services, our web servers automatically record certain information about your use. Similar to other web services, myMorpholio.com records information such as account login status, data/pages displayed or clicked on (including links), and other generic log information (including browser type, IP-address, date and time of access, and referrer URL).
The Morpholio applications or services require that basic account details (including your name and user ID) be stored on the mobile device. In addition, certain non-identifiable information about your mobile device (including IP address, Morpholio application version, iOS version, and mobile device hardware version and type) is captured and stored to improve the performance and usability of the Morpholio applications or services.
When you use the myMorpholio.com website or Morpholio applications or services to view digital or audio collections, the application or services may track viewing or listening activity including the date/time of view, frequency of views, duration of views, and gestured-based interactions (e.g. zooming in).
When you use the myMorpholio.com website or Morpholio applications or services to comment on digital collections, your comments will be stored on the Morpholio server.
Uses
Morpholio maintains and processes your account information, uploaded digital content and data in order to provide the Morpholio products and services to you and to operate and improve our services.
It is acknowledged by the user, that any comments made on posted or uploaded content by other users who have access to this content, are strictly those of the other users and are not endorsed by, or subject to review by, Morpholio in any way.
Information sharing and onward transfer
Users who view your shared digital collections, images or comments via any Morpholio products or services (including, but not limited to Crit, Morpholio Trace, Morpholio Exhibit, Morpholio Board), may see information about you including, but not limited to, the uploaded content, your name, your "face" image, and your affiliation info. Your email address and other account data are never shared with other Morpholio users.
If you comment on a collection that you've been invited into, the owner of the collection will be able to see your comments.
We do not sell, rent or otherwise share your personal information with any third parties except in the limited circumstances such as when we believe we are required to do so by law.
The work you create using Morpholio Trace, Morpholio Board, Morpholio Journal or most Morpholio products are saved locally on your device(s) and therefore will remain private, safe and secure on your device(s) and your file saving service(s) as you see fit. This also includes the items you store in your Personal Product Library with Morpholio Board. However, if you publicly share or allow Morpholio or Morpholio Services to publicly share your work using any public Morpholio platform or outlet such as Morpholio Pinup, Morpholio Blogs, Morpholio articles, adding Products to the Curated Galleries or Featured Products in Morpholio Board, Morpholio Social Media sites or other public platforms, you are granting Morpholio permission to publicly share this  work and Morpholio reserves the right to use the publicly-shared work including those images, graphics, text, video, audio or any other content that is posted, uploaded, displayed or stored on Morpholio products, applications, software, and Services for public use for any purpose as Morpholio sees fit for the purposes of promotion and advertising.  In addition, if you publicly share or allow Morpholio or Morpholio Services to publicly share your work, images or content using Morpholio Services, it is also understood and agreed by you that third parties will have access and may also use or display your content in their own publications, be it electronic or printed, in reference to our products or Services.
Morpholio may review and delete the content of a collection if a user complaint is received, or if we have reason to believe that the account is used in violation of our Terms of Service or Usage Guidelines. Such content deletions by Morpholio may occur without notice to the user.
Links to other sites
The
myMorpholio.com
website and the Morpholio applications and services may present third party sponsored advertisements and messages with links to websites hosted and operated by these third parties. In addition, Morpholio community users may post links to other sites that are not under our control. Such other sites do not necessarily follow our privacy policies, and may operate under different privacy policies.
Parents and guardians
Morpholio encourages you to get involved with your children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. You should be aware that if your children voluntarily disclose their names, e-mail addresses, personal images, or other information on the Morpholio services, such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties. We suggest that you discourage your child from providing such information on this site or elsewhere unless you are confident that the information will not be misused.
Your choices
You may change the name, "face" image, and affiliation data information associated with your Morpholio account at anytime from within the Morpholio application or services.
You may unsubscribe from our mailing lists and manage your email settings on our website. To do so
log in to your account
, choose "Email Settings".
You may create, modify, organize, and delete your digital collections at anytime. Collections created in the "Personal" area of your account will only be visible to you.
You can delete a collection at anytime from within the Morpholio iPad/iPhone application. When you delete collections or content in Morpholio, residual copies of deleted content and associated data may remain in our backup systems. Users who had been invited into a deleted collection will no longer be able to view or access the deleted content.
You may close (delete) your Morpholio user account on our website. To do so
log in to your account
, choose "Account" on the top menu and click on "Delete Account" button. You can also request the deletion by contacting us through
morpholioapps.com/support
and including the email address associated with your Morpholio user account. Residual copies of your content may remain in our backup systems. Users who had been invited into collections owned by you will no longer be able to view or access associated content.
Your rights
The General Data Protection Regulation provides for rights of access, modification and deletion of your personal information.
You can submit your rights servicing request below. The GDPR provides you with the following rights:
The right of access
: Your right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data along with details regarding the nature of processing.
The right of rectification
: Your right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data.
The right of portability
: Your right to receive the personal data concerning provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
The right to be forgotten
: Your right to erase your personal data. *Please follow account deletion instructions presented in the section "Your choices" above.
The right to restrict processing
: Your right for your data to be effectively ‘frozen’; stored and not further processed.
The right to object
: Your right to object to how your personal data is processed.
Thank you for submitting the Privacy Policy form.
We will respond to your inquiry withing in a timely manner.
Submit your right here:
Select the right
The right of access
The right of rectification
The right of portability
The right to be forgotten
The right to restrict processing
The right to object
START THE REQUEST
More information
If you have any concerns regarding privacy issues, please contact us via privacyrequest@morpholioapps.com or write to us at:
Privacy Matters
c/o Morpholio LLC
282 Katonah Ave STE 153
Katonah  NY 10536 (USA)
© Morpholio LLC. Last updated on May 19, 2018.
We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our
Terms
,
Privacy Policy
and use of cookies.
Got it