This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Bravolol collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the
https://bravolol.com/
website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Bravolol.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, social security number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Bravolol may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
•
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
•
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
•
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
•
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
•
To share your information with third parties
We may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes.
•
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
•
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Ads By Facebook
Facebook wants to show ads that are relevant to you. We may consider ads for you based on information you share on Facebook and your use of other websites and apps. To learn more about this type of advertising and your choices about it, visit https://www.facebook.com/about/ads.
Changes to this privacy policy
Bravolol has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at
info@bravolol.com
Traditional Chinese Version
個人資料的收集與使用
在你與 Bravolol 或 Bravolol 關聯公司接觸之時，即可能被要求提供個人資料。Bravolol 與其關聯公司可能相互共享這項個人資料，其使用將遵守本私隱權政策。Bravolol 與其關聯公司亦可能將個人資料與其他資料結合，用以提供並改進我們的產品、服務、內容及廣告。你並非必需為我們提供要求的個人資料，但如你選擇不提供，在許多情況下，我們將無法為您提供我們的產品或服務或答覆你的疑問。
我們可能收集各種資料，包括你的姓名、通訊地址、電話號碼、電子郵件地址、聯絡偏好等。
我們會使用相關個人資料協助創建、開發、經營、提供及提升我們的產品、服務、內容及廣告。
我們亦可能不時使用你的個人資料傳送重要通知，例如有關購買產品或修改我們條款或政策之通訊。由於此項訊息對你與 Bravolol之互動關係十分重要，所以你無法退出不接收這些通訊。
非個人資料的收集與使用
我們亦會收集本身不與任何特定個別人士直接有關的數據資料。我們可能為任何目的收集、使用、移轉及披露非個人資料。有關我們收集的非個人資料以及可能的使用方式，舉例說明如下：我們可能收集的資料例如：職業、語言、郵遞區號、區域號碼、裝置個別識別標記、地點、以及 Bravolol產品使用地的時區，使我們得以更了解客戶行為，並改進我們的產品、服務及廣告。
Simplified Chinese Version
个人资料的收集与使用
在你与Bravolol 或Bravolol 关联公司接触之时，即可能被要求提供个人资料。 Bravolol 与其关联公司可能相互共享这项个人资料，其使用将遵守本私隐权政策。 Bravolol 与其关联公司亦可能将个人资料与其他资料结合，用以提供并改进我们的产品、服务、内容及广告。你并非必需为我们提供要求的个人资料，但如你选择不提供，在许多情况下，我们将无法为您提供我们的产品或服务或答覆你的疑问。
我们可能收集各种资料，包括你的姓名、通讯地址、电话号码、电子邮件地址、联络偏好等。
我们会使用相关个人资料协助创建、开发、经营、提供及提升我们的产品、服务、内容及广告。
我们亦可能不时使用你的个人资料传送重要通知，例如有关购买产品或修改我们条款或政策之通讯。由于此项讯息对你与Bravolol之互动关系十分重要，所以你无法退出不接收这些通讯。
非个人资料的收集与使用
我们亦会收集本身不与任何特定个别人士直接有关的数据资料。我们可能为任何目的收集、使用、移转及披露非个人资料。有关我们收集的非个人资料以及可能的使用方式，举例说明如下：我们可能收集的资料例如：职业、语言、邮递区号、区域号码、装置个别识别标记、地点、以及Bravolol产品使用地的时区，使我们得以更了解客户行为，并改进我们的产品、服务及广告。
Spanish Version
Obtención y utilización de datos personales
Cuando usted está en contacto con los afiliados Bravolol o Bravolol, puede ser necesario para proporcionar información personal. Bravolol sus afiliadas pueden compartir dicha información personal con otros, su uso cumplan con esta política de privacidad. Bravolol sus afiliadas pueden dar información personal en conjunto con otra información para proporcionar y mejorar nuestros productos, servicios, contenidos y publicidad. Usted no está obligado a proporcionar información personal a nuestras necesidades, pero si usted elige no proporcionar, en muchos casos, no vamos a ser capaces de proporcionar a nuestros productos o servicios, o responder a sus preguntas para usted.
Podemos recopilar una variedad de información, incluyendo su nombre, dirección postal, número de teléfono, dirección de correo electrónico y preferencias de contacto.
Vamos a utilizar la información personal relevante para ayudar a la creación, desarrollo, gestión, entrega y mejorar nuestros productos, servicios, contenidos y publicidad.
De vez en cuando también podemos utilizar sus datos personales sean transferidos avisos importantes, como las comunicaciones relativas a la compra de productos o modificar los términos o nuestras políticas. A causa de este mensaje a su interacción con el Bravolol muy importante, por lo que no puede salir sin recibir estas comunicaciones.
Obtención y utilización de datos de carácter no personal
También vamos a recoger los datos en sí no está asociado a ningún individuo en particular directamente interesados. Podemos, por cualquier motivo la recopilación, uso, transferencia y divulgar información no personal. Información pertinente no personal que recopilamos y el posible uso, por ejemplo de la siguiente manera: Podemos recopilar información como: ocupación, idioma, código postal, código de área, los medios de la etiqueta de identificación individual, la ubicación, y el producto Bravolol a la zona horaria, por lo estamos en condiciones de entender mejor el comportamiento del cliente y mejorar nuestros productos, servicios y publicidad.
Greek Version
Συλλογή και χρήση προσωπικών δεδομένων
Όταν είστε σε επαφή με τους Bravolol ή Bravolol θυγατρικές, μπορεί να απαιτείται να παρέχουν προσωπικές πληροφορίες. Bravolol θυγατρικές της μπορεί να μοιραστεί αυτά τα προσωπικά στοιχεία μεταξύ τους, η χρήση τους θα συμμορφωθούν με την παρούσα πολιτική απορρήτου. Bravolol θυγατρικές της μπορεί να δώσει προσωπικές πληροφορίες σε συνδυασμό με άλλες πληροφορίες που να παρέχουν και να βελτιώνουν τα προϊόντα, τις υπηρεσίες, το περιεχόμενο και τη διαφήμιση μας. Δεν είστε υποχρεωμένοι να παρέχουν προσωπικές πληροφορίες με τις απαιτήσεις μας, αλλά αν επιλέξετε να μην παρέχουν, σε πολλές περιπτώσεις, δεν θα είμαστε σε θέση να παρέχουν τα προϊόντα ή τις υπηρεσίες μας, ή να απαντήσει στις ερωτήσεις σας για σας.
Εμείς μπορεί να συλλέξει μια ποικιλία των πληροφοριών, όπως το όνομα σας, την ταχυδρομική διεύθυνση, αριθμό τηλεφώνου, διεύθυνση ηλεκτρονικού ταχυδρομείου, καθώς και τις προτιμήσεις επαφής.
Θα χρησιμοποιήσουμε τις σχετικές προσωπικές πληροφορίες για να βοηθήσουν τη δημιουργία, την ανάπτυξη, τη διαχείριση, την παράδοση και τη βελτίωση των προϊόντων, των υπηρεσιών, του περιεχομένου και της διαφήμισης μας.
Από καιρό σε καιρό μπορούμε επίσης να χρησιμοποιήσουμε τα προσωπικά σας δεδομένα μεταφέρονται σημαντικές πληροφορίες, όπως οι επικοινωνίες που αφορούν την αγορά των προϊόντων ή να τροποποιήσει τους όρους και τις πολιτικές μας. Εξαιτίας αυτού του μηνύματος στη αλληλεπίδρασή σας με την Bravolol πολύ σημαντική, έτσι ώστε να μην μπορεί να εξέλθει χωρίς τη λήψη αυτών των επικοινωνιών.
Συγκέντρωση και χρήση των μη-προσωπικών δεδομένων
Θα συγκεντρώσουμε επίσης ίδια τα δεδομένα δεν συνδέεται με κάποιο συγκεκριμένο πρόσωπο που συνδέεται άμεσα ενδιαφερόμενο. Μπορούμε, για οποιοδήποτε σκοπό τη συλλογή, χρήση, μεταφορά και αποκαλύπτουν μη-προσωπικές πληροφορίες. Σχετικές μη-προσωπικές πληροφορίες που συλλέγουμε και πιθανή χρήση, για παράδειγμα, ως εξής: Μπορούμε να συλλέξουμε πληροφορίες, όπως: κατοχή, τη γλώσσα, τον ταχυδρομικό κώδικα, τον κωδικό της περιοχής, μέσα από ατομικές ετικέτα ταυτοποίησης, την τοποθεσία, και Bravolol προϊόν με τη ζώνη ώρας, έτσι είμαστε σε θέση να κατανοήσουμε καλύτερα τη συμπεριφορά των πελατών και τη βελτίωση των προϊόντων, των υπηρεσιών και της διαφήμισης μας.
Vietnamese Version
Thu và sử dụng dữ liệu cá nhân
Khi bạn tiếp xúc với các chi nhánh Bravolol hoặc Bravolol, có thể được yêu cầu cung cấp thông tin cá nhân. Bravolol chi nhánh của nó có thể chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân này với nhau, sử dụng của họ sẽ tuân thủ chính sách bảo mật này. Bravolol chi nhánh của nó có thể cung cấp thông tin cá nhân kết hợp với các thông tin khác để cung cấp và cải thiện các sản phẩm của chúng tôi, dịch vụ, nội dung và quảng cáo. Bạn không bắt buộc phải cung cấp thông tin cá nhân theo yêu cầu của chúng tôi, nhưng nếu bạn chọn không cung cấp, trong nhiều trường hợp, chúng tôi sẽ không thể cung cấp sản phẩm hoặc dịch vụ của chúng tôi, hoặc trả lời câu hỏi của bạn cho bạn.
Chúng tôi có thể thu thập nhiều thông tin, bao gồm tên, địa chỉ email, số điện thoại, địa chỉ email, và sở thích liên lạc.
Chúng tôi sẽ sử dụng thông tin cá nhân có liên quan để hỗ trợ sáng tạo, phát triển, quản lý, cung cấp và cải thiện các sản phẩm của chúng tôi, dịch vụ, nội dung và quảng cáo.
Theo thời gian, chúng tôi cũng có thể sử dụng dữ liệu cá nhân của bạn chuyển thông báo quan trọng, chẳng hạn như thông tin liên lạc liên quan đến việc mua các sản phẩm hoặc sửa đổi các điều khoản, chính sách của chúng tôi. Bởi vì thông điệp này đến tương tác của bạn với Bravolol rất quan trọng, vì vậy bạn không thể thoát ra mà không nhận được các thông tin liên lạc.
Thu và sử dụng dữ liệu phi cá nhân
Chúng tôi cũng sẽ thu thập dữ liệu chính nó không liên kết với bất kỳ cá nhân cụ thể liên quan trực tiếp. Chúng tôi có thể, đối với bất kỳ mục đích thu thập, sử dụng, chuyển giao và tiết lộ thông tin phi cá nhân. Thông tin phi cá nhân có liên quan, chúng tôi thu thập và có thể sử dụng, ví dụ như sau: Chúng tôi có thể thu thập các thông tin như: nghề nghiệp, ngôn ngữ, mã vùng, mã vùng, có nghĩa là các thẻ nhận dạng cá nhân, vị trí và sản phẩm Bravolol múi giờ, vì vậy chúng tôi có thể hiểu rõ hơn về hành vi của khách hàng và cải tiến sản phẩm, dịch vụ và quảng cáo của chúng tôi.
Indonesian Version
Pengumpulan dan penggunaan data pribadi
Ketika Anda berada dalam kontak dengan Bravolol atau Bravolol afiliasi, dapat diminta untuk memberikan informasi pribadi. Bravolol afiliasinya dapat berbagi informasi pribadi ini satu sama lain, penggunaannya akan sesuai dengan kebijakan privasi ini. Bravolol afiliasinya dapat memberikan informasi pribadi dalam hubungannya dengan informasi lain untuk menyediakan dan meningkatkan produk, layanan, konten dan iklan. Anda tidak diharuskan untuk memberikan informasi pribadi untuk persyaratan, tetapi jika Anda memilih untuk tidak memberikan, dalam banyak kasus, kita tidak akan mampu menyediakan produk atau layanan kami, atau membalas pertanyaan Anda untuk Anda.
Kami dapat mengumpulkan berbagai informasi, termasuk nama, alamat, nomor telepon, alamat email, kontak dan preferensi.
Kami akan menggunakan informasi pribadi yang relevan untuk membantu penciptaan, pengembangan, manajemen, pengiriman dan meningkatkan produk, layanan, konten dan iklan.
Dari waktu ke waktu kami juga dapat menggunakan data pribadi Anda ditransfer Pemberitahuan penting, seperti komunikasi sehubungan dengan pembelian produk atau memodifikasi istilah atau kebijakan kami. Karena pesan ini interaksi Anda dengan Bravolol sangat penting, sehingga Anda tidak bisa keluar tanpa menerima komunikasi ini.
Pengumpulan dan penggunaan data non-personal
Kami juga akan mengumpulkan data itu sendiri tidak terkait dengan individu tertentu secara langsung yang bersangkutan. Kita mungkin, untuk tujuan apapun pengumpulan, penggunaan, transfer dan mengungkapkan informasi non-pribadi. Informasi non-pribadi yang relevan yang kami kumpulkan dan mungkin digunakan, misalnya sebagai berikut: Kami dapat mengumpulkan informasi seperti: pekerjaan, bahasa, kode pos, kode area, berarti dari tag individu identifikasi, lokasi, dan produk Bravolol dengan zona waktu, sehingga kami dapat lebih memahami perilaku pelanggan dan meningkatkan produk, layanan dan iklan.
French Version
Collecte et utilisation des données personnelles
Lorsque vous êtes en contact avec les affiliés Bravolol ou Bravolol, peuvent être tenues de fournir des renseignements personnels. Bravolol ses sociétés affiliées peuvent partager ces informations personnelles avec les autres, leur utilisation doit respecter la présente politique de confidentialité. Bravolol ses sociétés affiliées peuvent donner des informations personnelles en conjonction avec d’autres informations à fournir et d’améliorer nos produits, services, contenus et publicités. Vous n’êtes pas tenu de fournir des renseignements personnels à nos besoins, mais si vous choisissez de ne pas fournir, dans de nombreux cas, nous ne serons pas en mesure de fournir à nos produits ou services, ou répondre à vos questions pour vous.
Nous pouvons recueillir une variété d’informations, y compris votre nom, adresse postale, numéro de téléphone, adresse e-mail et préférences de contact.
Nous allons utiliser les renseignements personnels pertinents pour favoriser la création, le développement, la gestion, la livraison et d’améliorer nos produits, services, contenus et publicités.
De temps en temps, nous pouvons également utiliser vos données personnelles soient transférées à des informations importantes, telles que les communications relatives à l’achat de produits ou de modifier les termes ou nos politiques. En raison de ce message à votre interaction avec le Bravolol très important, si vous ne pouvez pas sortir sans recevoir ces communications.
Collecte et utilisation des données à caractère non personnel
Nous recueillerons également des données lui-même n’est pas associé à une personne en particulier directement concernés. Nous pouvons, pour n’importe quel but la collecte, l’utilisation, le transfert et divulguer des informations non personnelles. Informations non personnelles pertinentes que nous recueillons et l’utilisation possible, par exemple comme suit: Nous pouvons collecter des informations telles que: l’occupation, la langue, le code postal, l’indicatif régional, des moyens de balise d’identification individuelle, l’emplacement, et le produit Bravolol du fuseau horaire, de sorte nous sommes en mesure de mieux comprendre le comportement des clients et d’améliorer nos produits, services et publicité.
German Version
Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten
Wenn Sie in Kontakt mit den Bravolol oder Bravolol verbundenen Unternehmen sind, kann erforderlich sein, Ihre persönlichen Daten. Bravolol ihre verbundenen Unternehmen können diese personenbezogenen Daten untereinander austauschen, wird ihr Einsatz mit dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie zu erfüllen. Bravolol ihr verbundene Unternehmen können persönliche Informationen in Verbindung mit anderen Informationen zur Verfügung zu stellen und Verbesserung unserer Produkte, Dienstleistungen, Inhalte und Werbung zu geben. Sie sind nicht verpflichtet, persönliche Daten an unsere Anforderungen stellen, aber wenn Sie nicht wählen zu liefern, in vielen Fällen, werden wir nicht in der Lage, unsere Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, oder antworten auf Ihre Fragen für Sie sein.
Wir können eine Vielzahl von Informationen zu sammeln, wie Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer, Email-Adresse und Kontaktpräferenzen.
Wir werden die relevanten persönlichen Informationen verwenden, um die Schaffung, Entwicklung, Verwaltung, Bereitstellung zu unterstützen und Verbesserung unserer Produkte, Dienstleistungen, Inhalte und Werbung.
Von Zeit zu Zeit können wir auch Ihre persönlichen Daten übertragen wichtige Hinweise, wie Kommunikation im Zusammenhang mit dem Kauf von Produkten oder die Bedingungen oder unsere Politik ändern. Aufgrund dieser Nachricht an Ihre Interaktion mit dem Bravolol sehr wichtig, so dass Sie nicht verlassen können, ohne diese Kommunikations.
Sammlung und Verwendung von nicht-personenbezogenen Daten
Wir werden auch Daten sammeln sich nicht mit einer bestimmten Person direkt betroffenen verbunden. Wir können für jeden Zweck die Erfassung, Verwendung, Übertragung und Veröffentlichung von nicht-personenbezogene Informationen. Sachdienlichen nicht personenbezogenen Informationen, die wir sammeln und mögliche Verwendung, beispielsweise wie folgt: Wir können Informationen sammeln, wie: Beruf, Sprache, Postleitzahl, Vorwahl, bedeutet der individuelle Erkennungsmarke, Standort und Bravolol Produkt der Zeitzone, so wir sind in der Lage, das Kundenverhalten besser zu verstehen und Verbesserung unserer Produkte, Dienstleistungen und Werbung.
Portuguese Version
Recolha e utilização de dados pessoais
Quando você está em contato com as afiliadas Bravolol ou Bravolol, pode ser obrigado a fornecer informações pessoais. Bravolol suas afiliadas podem compartilhar essas informações pessoais com os outros, a sua utilização irá cumprir com esta política de privacidade. Bravolol suas afiliadas podem fornecer informações pessoais em conjunto com outras informações para fornecer e melhorar nossos produtos, serviços, conteúdo e publicidade. Você não é obrigado a fornecer informações pessoais às nossas necessidades, mas se você optar por não fornecer, em muitos casos, não seremos capazes de oferecer aos nossos produtos ou serviços, ou responder a suas perguntas para você.
Nós podemos coletar uma variedade de informações, incluindo seu nome, endereço, número de telefone, endereço de e-mail e preferências de contato.
Nós vamos usar as informações pessoais relevantes para auxiliar a criação, desenvolvimento, gestão, entrega e melhorar nossos produtos, serviços, conteúdo e publicidade.
De tempos em tempos, também poderemos utilizar os seus dados pessoais transferidos avisos importantes, tais como as comunicações relativas à compra de produtos ou modificar os termos ou as nossas políticas. Devido a esta mensagem para a sua interação com o Bravolol muito importante, então você não pode sair sem receber estas comunicações.
Recolha e utilização de dados não pessoais
Nós também irá recolher dados em si não está associada a qualquer indivíduo em particular directamente interessados. Podemos, para qualquer finalidade a coleta, uso, transferência e divulgar informações não-pessoais. Informações não pessoais relevantes que coletamos e possível uso, por exemplo, da seguinte forma: Nós podemos coletar informações, tais como: ocupação, idioma, CEP, código de área, os meios de tag indivíduo identificação, localização e produto Bravolol com o fuso horário, de modo somos capazes de entender melhor o comportamento do cliente e melhorar os nossos produtos, serviços e publicidade.
Dutch Version
Verzamelen en gebruiken van persoonlijke gegevens
Wanneer u in contact komen met de Bravolol of Bravolol filialen, kan worden verplicht om persoonsgegevens te verstrekken. Bravolol haar relaties deze persoonlijke informatie met elkaar kunnen delen, zal het gebruik ervan in overeenstemming zijn met dit privacybeleid. Bravolol haar gelieerde ondernemingen kunnen persoonlijke informatie in combinatie met andere informatie aan te bieden en onze producten, diensten, content en advertenties te verbeteren. U bent niet verplicht om persoonlijke informatie te verstrekken aan onze eisen, maar als u ervoor kiest niet te verstrekken, in veel gevallen, zullen we niet in staat zijn om onze producten of diensten, of antwoorden op uw vragen voor u.
We kunnen een verscheidenheid aan informatie te verzamelen, zoals uw naam, postadres, telefoonnummer, e-mailadres en contactgegevens voorkeuren.
Wij zullen de relevante persoonlijke informatie gebruiken om te helpen creëren, ontwikkelen, beheren, leveren en onze producten, diensten, content en advertenties te verbeteren.
Van tijd tot tijd kunnen we ook gebruik maken van uw persoonsgegevens die belangrijke mededelingen, zoals communicatie met betrekking tot de aankoop van producten of de voorwaarden of ons beleid te wijzigen. Omdat van dit bericht naar uw interactie met de Bravolol erg belangrijk, zodat je niet kunt afsluiten zonder het ontvangen van deze communicatie.
Verzameling en gebruik van niet-persoonlijke gegevens
We zullen ook gegevens verzamelen zelf is niet gekoppeld aan een bepaalde persoon rechtstreeks betrokken. Wij kunnen, voor welk doel het verzamelen, gebruiken, overdragen en niet-persoonlijke informatie bekend te maken. Relevante niet-persoonlijke informatie die we verzamelen en eventueel gebruik, bijvoorbeeld als volgt: We kunnen informatie verzamelen zoals: beroep, taal, postcode, netnummer, middelen van individuele identificatie tag, locatie en Bravolol product om de tijdzone, zodat we zijn in staat om beter te begrijpen het gedrag van klanten en het verbeteren van onze producten, diensten en reclame.
Turkish Version
Kişisel verilerin toplanması ve kullanılması
Eğer Bravolol veya Bravolol iştirakleri ile temas olduğunda, kişisel bilgi sağlamak için gerekli olabilir. Iştiraklerinin birbirleriyle bu kişisel bilgilerinizi paylaşabilir Bravolol, bunların kullanımı bu gizlilik politikası ile uyumlu olacaktır. Bravolol iştirakleri sağlamak ve ürün, hizmet, içerik ve reklam geliştirmek için diğer bilgiler ile birlikte kişisel bilgi verebilir. Sen bizim gereksinimleri kişisel bilgi sağlamak için gerekli değildir, ancak vermemeyi seçerseniz, birçok durumda, bizim ürün veya hizmet sunmak, ya da sizin için sorulara cevap vermek mümkün olmayacaktır.
Biz isim, posta adresi, telefon numarası, e-posta adresi ve iletişim tercihleri ​​de dahil, çeşitli bilgiler toplayabilir.
Biz oluşturma, geliştirme, yönetim, teslim yardımcı ve bizim ürün, hizmet, içerik ve reklam geliştirmek için ilgili kişisel bilgileri kullanacağız.
Zaman zaman biz de kişisel veri ürünlerinin satın alınması ile ilgili bu tür iletişim gibi önemli uyarılar, transfer kullanın veya terimleri veya politikalarımızı değiştirebilir. Çünkü çok önemli Bravolol ile etkileşim için bu mesajın, bu iletişimleri almadan böylece olamaz çıkış.
Toplama ve kişisel olmayan verilerin kullanımı
Biz de verinin kendisi doğrudan ilgili herhangi bir bireyin ile ilişkili değildir toplayacaktır. Biz olabilir, herhangi bir amaçla toplanması, kullanımı, transferi ve kişisel olmayan bilgileri ifşa için. İlgili kişisel olmayan bilgiler topluyoruz ve olası kullanımı, örneğin aşağıdaki gibi: Biz gibi bilgiler toplayabiliriz: Görev, dil, posta kodu, alan kodu, böylece, zaman dilimine bireysel tanımlama etiketi, konum ve Bravolol ürün anlamına gelir biz daha iyi müşteri davranışlarını anlamak ve bizim ürün, hizmet ve reklam geliştirmek edebiliyoruz.
Korean Version
개인 정보의 수집 및 이용
만약 Bravolol Bravolol 또는 제휴사와 접촉하는 경우, 개인 정보를 제공하도록 요구 될 수있다. 계열사가 서로이 개인 정보를 공유 할 수 있습니다 Bravolol, 자신의 사용은이 개인 정보 보호 정책을 준수합니다. Bravolol 그 자회사는 제공하고 우리의 제품, 서비스, 콘텐츠 및 광고를 개선하기 위해 다른 정보와 함께 개인 정보를 제공 할 수 있습니다. 당신은 우리의 요구 사항에 개인 정보를 제공 할 필요가 없습니다,하지만 당신은 제공하지 않도록 선택할 경우, 많은 경우에, 우리는 우리의 제품 또는 서비스를 제공하거나 당신을 위해 당신의 질문에 응답 할 수 없습니다.
우리는 이름, 주소, 전화 번호, 이메일 주소, 연락처 및 환경을 포함하여 다양한 정보를 수집 할 수있다.
우리는 창조, 개발, 관리, 전달을 지원하고 우리의 제품, 서비스, 콘텐츠 및 광고를 개선하기 위해 관련 개인 정보를 사용합니다.
때때로 우리는 또한 귀하의 개인 정보는 제품의 구매에 관한 이러한 통신과 같은 중요한 사항을 전달 사용하거나 조건 또는 우리의 정책을 수정할 수 있습니다. 때문에 매우 중요 Bravolol과의 상호 작용이 메시지, 이러한 통신을받지 않고 그래서 당신은 할 수 없습니다 출구.
수집 및 비 개인 정보의 사용
우리는 또한 데이터 자체에 직접 관련 특정 개인에 연결되지 않은 수집합니다. 우리 수도, 어떤 목적으로 수집, 사용, 전송 및 비 개인 정보를 공개합니다. 관련되지 않은 개인 정보를 수집하고 사용 가능성, 예를 들어 다음과 같다 : 우리는 다음과 같은 정보를 수집 할 수있다 : 점유, 언어, 우편 번호, 지역 번호, 그래서, 시간대에 개인 식별 태그, 위치 및 Bravolol 생성물 수단 우리는 더 나은 고객의 행동을 이해하고 우리의 제품, 서비스 및 광고를 개선 할 수 있습니다.
Italian Version
Raccolta e utilizzo dei dati personali
Quando si è in contatto con gli affiliati Bravolol o Bravolol, può essere richiesto di fornire informazioni personali. Bravolol le sue affiliate possono condividere queste informazioni personali con l’altro, il loro utilizzo sarà conformarsi alla presente informativa sulla privacy. Bravolol le sue affiliate possono dare informazioni personali in combinazione con altre informazioni per fornire e migliorare i nostri prodotti, servizi, contenuti e pubblicità. Non è necessario fornire informazioni personali alle nostre esigenze, ma se si sceglie di non fornire, in molti casi, non saremo in grado di fornire i nostri prodotti o servizi, o rispondere alle vostre domande per voi.
Possiamo raccogliere una serie di informazioni, compreso il vostro nome, indirizzo postale, numero di telefono, indirizzo e-mail e preferenze di contatto.
Utilizzeremo le informazioni personali pertinenti per aiutare la creazione, lo sviluppo, la gestione, la consegna e migliorare i nostri prodotti, servizi, contenuti e pubblicità.
Possiamo anche usare di volta in volta i vostri dati personali trasmessi avvisi importanti, come le comunicazioni relative all’acquisto di prodotti o di modificare i termini o le nostre politiche. A causa di questo messaggio al tuo interazione con il Bravolol molto importante, quindi non si può uscire senza ricevere tali comunicazioni.
Raccolta e utilizzo dei dati non personali
Ci sarà anche raccogliere i dati in sé non è associato ad un particolare individuo direttamente interessati. Si può, per qualsiasi scopo la raccolta, l’uso, il trasferimento e divulgare informazioni non personali. Rilevante informazioni non personali che raccogliamo e possibile utilizzo, per esempio come segue: Possiamo raccogliere informazioni quali: occupazione, lingua, codice postale, prefisso, i mezzi di tag di identificazione individuale, la posizione, e il prodotto Bravolol al fuso orario, in modo da siamo in grado di comprendere meglio il comportamento dei clienti e migliorare i nostri prodotti, servizi e pubblicità.
Russian Version
Сбор и использование персональных данных
Когда вы находитесь в контакте с филиалами Bravolol или Bravolol, может потребоваться предоставить личную информацию. Bravolol ее филиалы могут поделиться этой личной информации друг с другом, их использование будет соответствовать этой политике конфиденциальности. Bravolol ее филиалы могут дать личную информацию в сочетании с другой информацией, чтобы обеспечить и совершенствовать наши продукты, услуги, содержание и рекламу. Вы не обязаны предоставлять информацию личного характера для наших требований, но если вы решите не предоставлять, во многих случаях, мы не сможем обеспечить нашу продукцию или услуги, или ответить на вопросы для вас.
Мы можем собирать различную информацию, включая имя, почтовый адрес, номер телефона, адрес электронной почты и контактные предпочтений.
Мы будем использовать соответствующую личную информацию, чтобы помочь создание, развитие, управление, поставку и улучшения наших продуктов, услуг, содержимое и рекламу.
Время от времени мы можем также использовать Ваши личные данные передаются важные уведомления, такие как коммуникации, связанные с приобретением продукции или изменять условия или наши правила. Из этого сообщения на ваш взаимодействия с Bravolol очень важной, поэтому вы не можете выйти без получения таких сообщений.
Сбор и использование не-персональных данных
Мы также собираем сами данные не связан с или иного лица непосредственно касается. Мы можем, в любых целях сбора, использования, передачи и раскрытия информации неличного. Соответствующая неличная информацию мы собираем и возможное использование, например, следующим образом: Мы можем собирать информацию, такую ​​как: род занятий, языке, почтовом индексе, код города, средства индивидуальной идентификационной биркой, местоположения и Bravolol продукта к временной зоне, так мы можем лучше понять поведение клиентов и улучшить наши продукты, услуги и рекламу.
Japanese Version
個人データの収集および使用
あなたがBravololやBravolol関連会社と接触している場合には、個人情報を提供するために必要とすることができます。その関連会社がお互いにこの個人情報を共有することがBravolol、それらの使用は、このプライバシーポリシーを遵守します。 Bravololその関連会社は、提供し、当社の製品、サービス、コンテンツおよび広告を改善するために、他の情報と併せて、個人情報を与えることができる。あなたは私たちの要求に個人情報を提供する必要はありませんが、あなたは提供しないことを選択した場合、多くの場合、私たちは私たちの製品やサービスを提供する、またはあなたのためのご質問にはお答えすることはできません。
私たちは、あなたの名前、住所、電話番号、電子メールアドレス、連絡先のプリファレンスを含む、さまざまな情報を収集することができる。
私たちは、創造、開発、管理、配信を支援するために、関連する個人情報を利用し、当社の製品、サービス、コンテンツおよび広告を改善します。
随時、私たちはまた、あなたの個人データを使用することができ、このような製品の購入に関連した通信などの重要な通知を、転送または用語や当社の方針を変更します。このメッセージの非常に重要なBravololを使用して相互作用するため、これらの通信を受信せずに終了することはできませんので。
非個人情報の収集および使用
また、データ自体は直接関係あり、特定の個人に関連付けられていない収集します。私たちは、いかなる目的のために収集、使用、譲渡し、非個人情報を開示することがあります。関連する非個人情報当社が収集し、活用可能性は、例えば以下のように：私たちのような情報を収集することがあります。職業、言語、郵便番号、市外局番、そう、タイムゾーンに個別の識別タグ、場所、およびBravolol製品の意味私たちはより良い顧客の行動を理解し、当社の製品、サービス、広告を改善することができます。
Malay Version
Pengumpulan dan penggunaan data peribadi
Apabila anda berada dalam hubungan dengan Bravolol atau Bravolol sekutu, boleh dikehendaki untuk memberikan maklumat peribadi. Bravolol gabungannya boleh berkongsi maklumat peribadi ini dengan satu sama lain, penggunaannya akan mematuhi dasar privasi ini. Bravolol gabungannya boleh memberi maklumat peribadi bersama dengan maklumat lain untuk menyediakan dan memperbaiki produk, perkhidmatan, kandungan dan pengiklanan. Anda tidak dikehendaki untuk memberikan maklumat peribadi kepada keperluan kita, tetapi jika anda memilih untuk tidak memberikan, dalam banyak kes, kita tidak akan dapat untuk menyediakan produk atau perkhidmatan kami, atau membalas soalan untuk anda.
Kami mungkin mengumpul pelbagai maklumat, termasuk nama, alamat surat-menyurat, nombor telefon, alamat e-mel, dan pilihan kenalan.
Kami akan menggunakan maklumat peribadi yang relevan untuk membantu penciptaan, pembangunan, pengurusan, penyampaian dan menambah baik produk, perkhidmatan, kandungan dan pengiklanan.
Dari masa ke semasa kita juga boleh menggunakan data peribadi anda dipindahkan notis penting, seperti komunikasi yang berkaitan dengan pembelian produk atau mengubah suai terma atau dasar kami. Kerana mesej ini ke interaksi anda dengan Bravolol sangat penting, jadi anda tidak boleh keluar tanpa menerima komunikasi ini.
Pengumpulan dan penggunaan data bukan peribadi
Kami juga akan mengumpulkan data itu sendiri tidak berkaitan dengan mana-mana individu tertentu secara langsung terlibat. Kami boleh, bagi apa-apa maksud pengumpulan, penggunaan, pemindahan dan mendedahkan maklumat bukan peribadi. Maklumat bukan peribadi yang berkaitan yang kami kumpulkan dan penggunaan mungkin, sebagai contoh seperti berikut: Kami mungkin mengumpul maklumat seperti: pekerjaan, bahasa, kod zip, kod kawasan, ertinya tag pengenalan individu, lokasi, dan produk Bravolol zon masa, jadi kita dapat lebih memahami tingkah laku pelanggan dan meningkatkan produk, perkhidmatan dan pengiklanan.
Thai Version
การรวบรวมและการใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล
เมื่อคุณอยู่ในการติดต่อกับ Bravolol หรือ Bravolol บริษัท ในเครือสามารถที่จำเป็นในการให้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล Bravolol บริษัท ในเครืออาจแบ่งปันข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลนี้กับคนอื่น ๆ ใช้ของพวกเขาจะปฏิบัติตามนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว Bravolol บริษัท ในเครืออาจให้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลร่วมกับข้อมูลอื่น ๆ ที่จะให้บริการและปรับปรุงผลิตภัณฑ์ของเราให้บริการเนื้อหาและการโฆษณา คุณไม่จำเป็นที่จะให้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลกับความต้องการของเรา แต่ถ้าคุณเลือกที่จะไม่ให้ในหลาย ๆ กรณีเราจะไม่สามารถที่จะให้ผลิตภัณฑ์หรือบริการของเราหรือตอบคำถามของคุณสำหรับคุณ
เราอาจเก็บรวบรวมความหลากหลายของข้อมูลรวมทั้งชื่อที่อยู่ทางไปรษณีย์หมายเลขโทรศัพท์ที่อยู่อีเมลและการตั้งค่าการติดต่อ
เราจะใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่เกี่ยวข้องให้ความช่วยเหลือในการสร้างการพัฒนาและการจัดการการส่งมอบและปรับปรุงผลิตภัณฑ์ของเราให้บริการเนื้อหาและการโฆษณา
เมื่อเวลาผ่านไปเรายังอาจใช้ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลของคุณโอนประกาศที่สำคัญเช่นการสื่อสารที่เกี่ยวข้องกับการซื้อสินค้าหรือปรับเปลี่ยนเงื่อนไขหรือนโยบายของเรา เพราะข้อความนี้ไปยังการทำงานร่วมกันของคุณด้วย Bravolol สำคัญมากเพื่อให้คุณไม่สามารถออกโดยไม่ได้รับการสื่อสารเหล่านี้
การเก็บรวบรวมและการใช้ข้อมูลไม่ใช่ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล
นอกจากนี้เรายังจะเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลที่ตัวเองไม่เกี่ยวข้องกับบุคคลใดบุคคลหนึ่งโดยเฉพาะอย่างยิ่งที่เกี่ยวข้องโดยตรง เราอาจจะเพื่อจุดประสงค์ใด ๆ คอลเลกชันที่ใช้โอนและเปิดเผยข้อมูลที่ไม่ใช่ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคล ข้อมูลที่ไม่ใช่ข้อมูลส่วนบุคคลที่เกี่ยวข้องที่เราเก็บรวบรวมและการใช้งานที่เป็นไปได้สำหรับตัวอย่างดังต่อไปนี้เราอาจเก็บรวบรวมข้อมูลเช่นอาชีพภาษา, รหัสไปรษณีย์รหัสพื้นที่หมายถึงการแท็กบุคคลที่ระบุสถานที่และผลิตภัณฑ์ Bravolol โซนเวลาเพื่อให้ เราสามารถที่จะทำความเข้าใจพฤติกรรมของลูกค้าและปรับปรุงผลิตภัณฑ์ของเราให้บริการและการโฆษณา
Last revised on 4th December 2020