PASSION4TEQ
Apps
Articles
Services
Contact
This privacy policy applies to the most recent version of
Der Die Das
app.
                    You can find the privacy policy specific to your app version in the
Info
tab.
Privacy Policy
Der Die Das
app does not require you to input any personal data in order to use any part of
        the app.
Only for in-app purchase you need to sign in with your Apple ID in order to proceed with the purchase.
Third Party Tools
Google Analytics for Firebase
Der Die Das
app uses Google Analytics for Firebase for statistical analyses about the way the
        app is used
        (such as information on how users navigate, how much time is spent in the app, how often users
        visit the app, indications about their language skills etc.).
        For a list of data that Google collects refer to
https://support.google.com/​firebase/answer/6318039
.
Google AdMob
Der Die Das
app uses Google AdMob to serve advertisements.
            You can remove unwanted ads and turn off personalization using the insturctions at
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
.
            For more details about Admob and how Google and its partners collect information see
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
In countries, where
General Data
            Protection Regulation (GDPR)
is applicable, users are presented a form asking for their
            consent.
Ad personalization is disabled for users in California, USA due to
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Ads can be completely disabled in the
Info
tab of the app.
Google Translate
Der Die Das
app displays translations using
Google Translate
.
Google Privacy & Terms
apply while browsing content on Google Translate.
Wiktionary
Der Die Das
app displays HTML content from several domains under
wiktionary.org
that is operated by nonprofit organization Wikimedia Foundation.
        You do not need to provide any personal information in order to use their web sites.
        You can review their privacy policy at
https://foundation.wikimedia.org/​wiki/Privacy_policy
.
Your Consent
By using
Der Die Das
app, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance
        with
        this Privacy Policy.
Last updated: 12th August, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Sub-policy 2
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa:
Skip to main content
Home
About
Who We Are
About AG Rob Bonta
About the Office of the Attorney General
History of the Office
What We Do
Public Safety
Opinions and Quo Warranto
Research Advisory Panel
Research Center
Children & Families
Civil Rights
Consumer Protection
Environment & Public Health
What We're Working On
Housing
Office of Gun Violence Prevention
21st Century Policing
Consumer Protection and Economic Opportunity
Health Care
Environmental Justice
Equality
Immigration
Children’s Rights
OpenJustice
Media
Media Center
Press Releases
Media Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Careers
Career Opportunities
How to Apply
Assessments
Job Vacancies
Internships & Student Positions
Become a Special Agent
Become a Deputy Attorney General
Organization of the Office
About the Office
Legal Services Divisions
Division of Law Enforcement
California Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Administration
AG Honors Program & Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Attorney General's Honors Program
Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Regulations
Resources
For Businesses
Submit Data Security Breach
Privacy Resources
SB 478 - Hidden Fees
Service on the Attorney General
Office Locations / Status Updates
Laws Requiring Service on the AG
Open Government
Overview
Ballot Initiatives
Conflicts of Interest
Criminal Justice Statistics
Public Records
Publications
Grants
Grant Opportunities
Programs
Programs
See All Programs
Most Popular
Charities
Megan's Law
CURES
Service on the Attorney General
Division of Medi-Cal Fraud & Elder Abuse
Most Popular
Permits & Registrations
Prop 65 – Safe Drinking Water
Missing Persons
Data Security Breach
Human Trafficking
Appointments
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Us - En español
Contáctenos/Formularios
Service on the Attorney General
Home
Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Updated on March 13, 2024
The
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them and the
CCPA regulations
provide guidance on how to implement the law.  This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:
The
right to know
about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The
right to delete
personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The
right to opt-out
of the sale or sharing of their personal information including via the
GPC
;
The
right to non-discrimination
for exercising their CCPA rights.
In November of 2020, California voters approved
Proposition 24, the CPRA
, which amended the CCPA and added new additional privacy protections that began on January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, consumers have new rights in addition to those above, such as:
The
right to correct
inaccurate personal information that a business has about them; and
The
right to limit
the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information collected about them.
Businesses
that are subject to the CCPA have several responsibilities, including responding to consumer requests to exercise these rights and giving consumers certain
notices explaining their privacy practices
. The CCPA applies to many businesses, including
data brokers
.
CPRA amends the CCPA; it does not create a separate, new law.  As a result, our office typically refers to the law as “CCPA” or “CCPA, as amended.”
Links to Topics
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
These FAQs provide general consumer information about the CCPA and how you can exercise your rights under the CCPA. They are not legal advice, regulatory guidance, or an opinion of the Attorney General. We will update this information periodically.
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
1. What rights do I have under the CCPA?
If you are a California resident, you may ask businesses to disclose what personal information they have about you and what they do with that information, to delete your personal information, to direct businesses not to sell or share your personal information, to correct inaccurate information that they have about you, and to limit businesses’ use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information:
Right to know
: You can request that a business disclose to you: (1) the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information they have collected about you, (2) the categories of sources for that personal information, (3) the purposes for which the business uses that information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business discloses the information, and (5) the categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties. You can make a request to know up to twice a year, free of charge.
Right to delete
: You can request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and tell their service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions (such as if the business is legally required to keep the information).
Right to opt-out of sale or sharing
: You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”), including via a user-enabled global privacy control. Businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later authorize them to do so again.
Right to correct
: You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
: You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point businesses collect your personal information, of the types of personal information they are collecting and what they may do with that information. Generally, businesses cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Businesses cannot make you waive these rights, and any contract provision that says you waive these rights is unenforceable.
2. What if I am not a California resident?
Only California residents have rights under the CCPA. A California resident is a natural person (as opposed to a corporation or other business entity) who resides in California, even if the person is temporarily outside of the state.
3. What is considered personal information and sensitive personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information
is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could include your name, social security number, email address, records of products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data, fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.
Sensitive personal information
is a specific subset of personal information that includes certain government identifiers (such as social security numbers); an account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; contents of mail, email, and text messages; genetic data; biometric information processed to identify a consumer; information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; or information about racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership. Consumers have the right to also limit a business’s use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information.
Personal information does not include publicly available information (including public real estate/property records) and certain
types of information
.
4. What is not considered personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records.  The definition of publicly available information also includes information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media, or certain information disclosed by a consumer and made available if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
The CCPA also exempts certain types of information such as certain medical information and consumer credit reporting information.
5. What businesses does the CCPA apply to?
The CCPA applies to for-profit businesses that do business in California and meet any of the following:
Have a gross annual revenue of over $25 million;
Buy, sell, or share the personal information of 100,000 or more California residents or households; or
Derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.
6. Does the CCPA apply to nonprofits or government agencies?
The CCPA generally does not apply to nonprofit organizations or government agencies.
7. What can I do if I think a business violated the CCPA?
You cannot sue businesses for most CCPA violations. You can only sue a business under the CCPA if there is a data breach, and even then, only under limited circumstances. You can sue a business if your nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information was stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
For all other violations of the CCPA, only the Attorney General or the California Privacy Protection Agency may take legal action against non-compliant entities. The Attorney General does not represent individual California consumers. Using consumer complaints and other information, the Attorney General may identify patterns of misconduct that may lead to investigations and actions on behalf of the collective legal interests of the people of California. If you believe a business has violated the CCPA, you may
file a consumer complaint
with the Office of the Attorney General. If you choose to file a complaint with our office, explain exactly how the business violated the CCPA, and describe when and how the violation occurred. Please note that the Attorney General cannot represent you or give you legal advice on how to resolve your individual complaint.  Starting on July 1, 2023, you also will be able to file complaints with the
California Privacy Protection Agency
for violations of the CCPA, as amended, occurring on or after that date.
8. What kind of data breach can I sue a business for under the CCPA?
You can only sue businesses under the CCPA if certain conditions are met. The type of personal information that must have been stolen is your first name (or first initial) and last name in combination with any of the following:
Your social security number
Your driver’s license number, tax identification number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique identification number issued on a government document commonly used to identify a person's identity
Your financial account number, credit card number, or debit card number if combined with any required security code, access code, or password that would allow someone access to your account
Your medical or health insurance information
Your fingerprint, retina or iris image, or other unique biometric data used to identify a person's identity (but not including photographs unless used or stored for facial recognition purposes)
This personal information must have been stolen in nonencrypted and nonredacted form. In addition, the personal information must have been stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
9. Do businesses need to comply with the statutory CPRA amendments to the CCPA that went into effect on January 1, 2023?
Yes. As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA’s amendments to the CCPA are in effect, and businesses are required to comply with all express statutory requirements. Businesses are also required to comply with those CCPA regulations currently in effect.
10. Are there any CCPA regulations currently in effect?
Yes. The California Department of Justice promulgated an initial round of regulations implementing the CCPA on August 14, 2020 and further amended on March 15, 2021. Those regulations were recently updated by the California Privacy Protection Agency. These regulations appear in
Title 11, Division 6, Section 7001 et seq. of the California Code of Regulations
and were effective on March 29, 2023.
11. Are the statutory exemptions for employee data and business-to-business transactions still in effect?
No. The exemptions for employment-related personal information and personal information reflecting business-to-business transactions described in Civil Code Sec. 1798.145(m)-(n) expired on December 31, 2022.
12. Can I use an authorized agent to submit a request?
Yes.  You may authorize another person to submit a CCPA request on your behalf.  You may also authorize a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to submit a request on your behalf.
Please note that if you use an authorized agent, businesses may require more information from either the authorized agent or from you to verify that you are the person directing the agent.  For example, for requests to know or delete your personal information, the business may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave that agent signed permission to submit the request.  Businesses may also require you to verify your identity directly with the business or directly confirm with the business that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Back To Top
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
1. What is the right to opt-out?
You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”).  Note that sharing refers specifically to sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising, which is the targeting of advertising to a
consumer
based on the
consumer
’s
personal information
obtained from the
consumer
’s online activity across numerous websites. With some exceptions, businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later provide authorization allowing them to do so again. Businesses must wait at least 12 months before asking you to opt back in to the sale or sharing of your personal information.
2. Can businesses sell a child’s personal information?
Businesses can only sell the personal information of a child that they know to be under the age of 16 if they get affirmative authorization (“opt-in”) for the sale of the child’s personal information. For children under the age of 13, that opt-in must come from the child’s parent or guardian. For children who are at least 13 years old but under the age of 16, the opt-in can come from the child.
3. How do I submit my opt-out request?
Businesses that sell personal information are subject to the CCPA's requirement to provide a clear and conspicuous “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on their website that allows you to submit an opt-out request. Businesses cannot require you to create an account in order to submit your request. Businesses also should not require you to verify your identity, though they can ask you basic questions to identify which personal information is associated with you.
You can also submit an opt-out request via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the GPC, discussed in FAQ 8 & 9 below. If you can’t find a business’s “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link, review its privacy policy to see if it sells or shares personal information. If the business does, it must also include that link in its privacy policy.
If a business’s "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link or other designated method of submitting opt-out requests is not working or difficult to find, you may report the business to our office (
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
).
4. How long does the business have to respond to my opt-out request?
Businesses must respond as soon as feasibly possible to your request, up to a maximum of 15 business days from the date they received your request to opt-out.
5. Why is the business asking me for more information?
While businesses are not required to verify that the person submitting an opt-out request is really the consumer for whom the business has personal information, they may need to ask you for additional information to make sure they stop selling the right person’s personal information. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
6. Why did the business deny my opt-out request?
There are some exceptions to the opt-out right. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to stop selling your personal information include:
Sale or sharing is necessary for the business to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA.
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your opt-out request, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
7. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to opt-out to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
8. What is the GPC?
Businesses that sell or share personal information must offer two or more methods for consumers to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. For businesses that collect personal information from consumers online, one acceptable method for consumers to opt-out of sales or sharing is via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the
GPC
.  Developed in response to the CCPA and to enhance consumer privacy rights, the GPC is a ‘stop selling or sharing my data switch’ that is available on some internet browsers, like Mozilla Firefox, Duck Duck Go, and Brave, or as a browser extension. It is a proposed technical standard that reflects what the CCPA regulations contemplated – some consumers want a comprehensive option that broadly signals their opt-out request, as opposed to making requests on multiple websites on different browsers or devices. Opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information should be easy for consumers, and the GPC is one option for consumers who want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control. Under law, it must be honored by covered businesses as a valid consumer request to stop the sale or sharing of personal information.
To learn more about the GPC, you can also visit
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa/gpc
9. How do I submit my opt-out request using the GPC?
To learn more about the GPC, you can visit its website
here
.  Developers have begun to innovate around the GPC and created different mechanisms for consumers, such as EFF’s
Privacy Badger
extension or the Brave Privacy Browser.
Back To Top
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
1. What is the right to know?
You may request that businesses disclose to you what personal information they have collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why they collected, used, shared, or sold that information. Specifically, you may request that businesses disclose:
The categories of personal information collected
Specific pieces of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the business collected personal information
The purposes for which the business uses the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information
The categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties
Businesses must provide you this information for the 12-month period preceding your request. They must provide this information to you free of charge.
2. How do I submit my request to know?
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, an email address, website form, or hard copy form. One of those methods has to be a toll-free phone number and, if the business has a website, one of those methods has to be through its website. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests to know.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a request to know, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your request to know through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information. If you can’t find a business’s designated methods, review its privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to know is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to know?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to know and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to know is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to know?
There are some exceptions to the right to know. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to disclose your personal information include:
The business cannot verify your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or the business has already provided personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period
Businesses cannot disclose certain sensitive information, such as your social security number, financial account number, or account passwords, but they must tell you if they’re collecting that type of information
Disclosure would restrict the business’s ability to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to know, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to know to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
Back To Top
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
1. What is my right to delete personal information?
You may request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and to tell their service providers to do the same. However, there are
many exceptions
(see FAQ D.5) that allow businesses to keep your personal information.
2. How do I submit my right to delete?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request to delete.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a deletion request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your deletion request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to delete is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to delete?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to delete and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to delete is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to delete?
There are exceptions to the right to delete. Common reasons why businesses may keep your personal information include:
If the information is exempt from the CCPA.  This includes:
Publicly available information (such as your address, which is often in public real estate/property records)
.  However, if you are a law enforcement officer, public official, or Safe at Home participant (available to victims of domestic violence, stalking, sexual assault, human trafficking, elder and dependent abuse, as well as reproductive health workers), you may request a website to not publicly post your address as described
here
.
Certain
types of information
such as medical information or consumer credit reporting information.
The business cannot verify your request
To complete your transaction, provide a reasonably anticipated product or service, or for certain warranty and product recall purposes
For certain business security practices
For certain internal uses that are compatible with reasonable consumer expectations or the context in which the information was provided
To comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code sections 1798.105(d)
and
1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to delete, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to delete to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
7. Why is a debt collector still calling me about my debt even though I asked it to delete my information?
Creditors, collection agencies, and other debt collectors can still try to collect debts that you owe even if you asked them to delete your personal information. Learn more about debt collectors—including what they can and can’t do—
here
.
8. Why is a credit reporting agency still giving out my credit information even though I asked it to delete my information?
Credit reporting agencies like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion can still collect and disclose your credit information, subject to regulation under the
Fair Credit Reporting Act
. Learn more about your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act
here
. Learn more about how to check and fix your credit report
here
.
Back To Top
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT 
 (RIGHT TO CORRECT)
1. What is the right to correct?
You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to correct
, but these are not currently final or effective.
2.  How do I submit my request to correct?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which should include instructions on how you can submit your request to correct.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a correction request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your correction request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to correct is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to correct?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to correct and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to correct is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to correct?
There are exceptions to the right to correct. Common reasons why businesses may deny your request to correct include:
The business cannot verify your identity to complete your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
If you do not know why a business denied your request to correct, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
Back To Top
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (RIGHT TO LIMIT)
1. What is the right to limit?
You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to limit
, but these are not currently final or effective.
Back To Top
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
Businesses cannot deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your rights under the CCPA.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to a business or ask it to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for the business to provide you with goods or services, the business may not be able to complete that transaction.
Businesses can also offer you promotions, discounts and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, or selling your personal information. But they can only do this if the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personal information. If you ask a business to delete or stop selling your personal information, you may not be able to continue participating in the special deals they offer in exchange for personal information. If you are not sure how your request may affect your participation in a special offer, ask the business.
Back To Top
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
1. What is a notice at collection?
The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection.” A notice at collection must list the categories of personal information businesses collect about consumers and the purposes for which they use the categories of information. (To find out how you can learn what specific information a business has collected about you, see the
Right to Know section
.)  If the business sells consumers’ personal information, then the notice at collection must include a
Do Not Sell or Share link
. The notice must also contain a link to the business’s privacy policy, where consumers can get a fuller description of the business’s privacy practices and of their privacy rights.
2. Where can I find a business’s notice at collection?
This notice must be provided
at or before
the point at which the business collects your personal information. For example, you might find a link to the notice at collection on a website’s homepage and on a webpage where you place an order or enter your personal information for another reason. On a mobile app, you might find a link to the notice in the settings menu. In a retail store, you might find the notice on a printed form used to collect your personal information.
3. What is a privacy policy?
A business’s privacy policy is a written statement that gives a broad picture of its online and offline practices for the collection, use, sharing, and sale of consumers’ personal information. The CCPA requires business privacy policies to include information on consumers’ privacy rights and how to exercise them: the
Right to Know
, the
Right to Delete
, the
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
, the
the Right to Correct
, the
the Right to Limit
, and the
Right to Non-Discrimination
.
4. Where can I find a business’s privacy policy?
Most businesses post their privacy policy on their websites. A link to it can usually be found at the bottom of the homepage and other webpages. The link’s title may include “Privacy” or “California Privacy Rights.” In a mobile app, the privacy policy may be linked on the download page for the app or in the app’s settings menu.
Back To Top
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
1. What is a data broker?
Another California law,
Civil Code section 1798.99.80
, defines a data broker as “a business that knowingly collects and sells to third parties the personal information of a consumer with whom the business does not have a direct relationship.” This law exempts certain businesses that are regulated by other laws from this definition. Exempted businesses include consumer reporting agencies (commonly known as credit bureaus) and certain financial institutions and insurance companies.
Data brokers collect information about consumers from many sources including websites, other businesses, and public records. The data broker analyzes and packages the data for sale to other businesses.
2. How can I find data brokers that collect and sell my personal information?
The
California law on data brokers
requires data brokers covered by the law to register with the Attorney General and to provide certain information on their practices. The Data Broker Registry can be found on the Attorney General’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/data-brokers
.
Data brokers are subject to the CCPA. On the Data Broker Registry website, you will find contact information and a website link for each registered data broker, as well as additional information to help you exercise your CCPA rights.
3. How can I stop a data broker from selling my personal information?
You can click on the “View Full Submission” link on the
Data Broker Registry
to get instructions on how to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. However, you may not be able to stop the sale of all of your information. The CCPA’s definition of “personal information” does not include information lawfully made available from government records, which are often sources used by data brokers.
You can also go to a data broker’s website through the link posted on the Registry and find the broker’s privacy policy to learn more about its privacy practices and how to exercise your CCPA rights.
Back To Top
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
California Privacy Protection Agency’s FAQ on the CCPA
Consumer-Action.org
Take action! Exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
Back To Top
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Home
CCPA Enforcement Case Examples
File a Complaint
CCPA Regulations
CCPA Opt-Out Icon
Preliminary Rulemaking Activities
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and Data Security Home
Business Privacy Resources
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer Privacy Resources
Data Breaches
Identity Theft
Privacy Enforcement Actions
Report a Breach
Protecting Children Online
Resources for Law Enforcement
Special Protection
Data Brokers
Data Broker Listing
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and how to review and update it.
Read our Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Describes the rules you agree to when using our services.
Read our Terms of Service
Google Safety Center
Making products for everyone means protecting everyone who uses them. Visit safety.google to learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online.
Explore what we do to help keep you safe
Google Account
Control, protect, and secure your account, all in one place. Your Google Account gives you quick access to settings and tools that let you safeguard your data and protect your privacy.
Visit your Google Account
Our Privacy and Security Principles
We build privacy that works for everyone. It’s a responsibility that comes with creating products and services that are accessible for all. We look to these principles to guide our products, our processes, and our people in keeping our users’ data private, safe, and secure.
Explore our Privacy and Security Principles
Google Product Privacy Guide
As you use Gmail, Search, YouTube, and other products from Google, you have the power to control and protect your personal information and usage history. The
Google Product Privacy Guide
can help you find information about how to manage some of the privacy features built into Google's products.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://foundation.wikimedia.org/wiki/Privacy_policy:
Jump to content
Wikimania 2025 Program Proposals are now open!
Click here to Apply Now
This application is open until Monday 31st March, 2025 end of day
[ Help with translations! ]
Beginning
1
Introduction
Toggle Introduction subsection
1.1
Welcome!
1.1.1
Definitions
1.1.2
What This Privacy Policy Does and Does Not Cover
2
Collection & Use of Info
Toggle Collection & Use of Info subsection
2.1
Types of Information We Receive From You & How We Get It
2.1.1
Your Public Contributions
2.1.2
Account Information & Registration
2.1.3
Location Information
2.1.3.1
GPS & Other Location Technologies
2.1.3.2
Metadata
2.1.3.3
IP Addresses
2.2
Information Related to Your Use of the Wikimedia Sites
2.2.1
Information We Receive Automatically
2.2.2
Information We Collect
2.3
How We Use Information We Receive From You
2.3.1
General
2.4
Other
2.4.1
Location information
2.4.1.1
GPS & Other Location Technologies
2.4.1.2
Metadata
2.4.1.3
IP Addresses
3
Sharing
Toggle Sharing subsection
3.1
When May We Share Your Information?
3.1.1
With Your Permission
3.1.2
For Legal Reasons
3.1.3
If the Organization is Transferred (Really Unlikely!)
3.1.4
To Protect You, Ourselves & Others
3.1.5
To Our Service Providers
3.1.6
To Understand & Experiment
3.1.7
Because You Made It Public
4
Protection
Toggle Protection subsection
4.1
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
4.2
How Long Do We Keep Your Data?
4.3
Your rights
5
Important info
Toggle Important info subsection
5.1
Where is the Foundation & What Does That Mean for Me?
5.2
Our Response to Do Not Track (DNT) signals
5.3
Changes to This Privacy Policy
5.4
Contact Us
5.5
Thank You!
Policy
Discussion
English
Read
View source
View history
Tools
Actions
Read
View source
View history
General
What links here
Related changes
Permanent link
Page information
Get shortened URL
Download QR code
Expand all
Add interlanguage links
Print/export
Create a book
Download as PDF
Printable version
In other projects
Text
Small
Standard
Large
This page always uses small font size
Width
Standard
Wide
The content is as wide as possible for your browser window.
From Wikimedia Foundation Governance Wiki
(Redirected from
Privacy policy
)
Other languages:
Avañe'ẽ
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Basa Banyumasan
British English
Canadian English
Cebuano
Cymraeg
Deutsch
Deutsch (Sie-Form)
English
Esperanto
Frysk
Hausa
Ido
Kiswahili
Kreyòl ayisyen
Ligure
Lëtzebuergesch
Malagasy
Mara
Napulitano
Nederlands
Nederlands (informeel)
Nordfriisk
Oromoo
Qaraqalpaqsha
Ripoarisch
Scots
Soomaaliga
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Yorùbá
Zazaki
asturianu
azərbaycanca
bosanski
català
dansk
eesti
español
euskara
français
galego
hrvatski
interlingua
italiano
latviešu
lietuvių
magyar
norsk bokmål
occitan
oʻzbekcha / ўзбекча
polski
português
português do Brasil
română
sardu
shqip
sicilianu
slovenščina
suomi
svenska
čeština
Ελληνικά
башҡортса
беларуская
беларуская (тарашкевіца)
български
кыргызча
македонски
нохчийн
русский
српски / srpski
тоҷикӣ
удмурт
українська
հայերեն
ייִדיש
עברית
اردو
الدارجة
العربية
تۆرکجه
روچ کپتین بلوچی
سرائیکی
سنڌي
فارسی
مازِرونی
پښتو
کوردی
کٲشُر
कॉशुर / کٲشُر
नेपाली
भोजपुरी
मराठी
संस्कृतम्
हिन्दी
অসমীয়া
বাংলা
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ತುಳು
മലയാളം
සිංහල
ไทย
ລາວ
တႆး
ပအိုဝ်ႏဘာႏသာႏ
ဖၠုံလိက်
ဘာသာမန်
မြန်မာဘာသာ
მარგალური
ქართული
ភាសាខ្មែរ
ᱥᱟᱱᱛᱟᱲᱤ
中文
日本語
粵語
閩南語 / Bân-lâm-gú
ꠍꠤꠟꠐꠤ
ꯃꯤꯇꯩ ꯂꯣꯟ
한국어
Want to help translate?
Translate the missing messages
.
This policy is approved by the
Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees
.
It may not be circumvented, eroded, or ignored by Wikimedia Foundation officers or staff nor local policies of any
Wikimedia project
.
Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this content and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
Wikimedia Foundation Privacy Policy
This is a
summary
of the Privacy Policy. To read the full terms, scroll down or
click here
.
Disclaimer: This summary is not a part of the Privacy Policy and is not a legal document. It is simply a handy reference for understanding the full Privacy Policy. Think of it as the user-friendly interface to our Privacy Policy.
Because we believe that you should not have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement, you may:
Read, edit, or use any Wikimedia Site
without registering an account
.
Register for an account
without providing
an email address or real name.
Because we want to understand how Wikimedia Sites are used so we can make them better for you, we collect some information when you:
Make
public contributions
.
Register an account
or update your user page.
Use
the Wikimedia Sites.
Send us
emails
or participate in a
survey or give feedback
.
We are committed to:
Describing how your information may be used or
shared
in this Privacy Policy.
Using reasonable measures to keep your information
secure
.
Never
selling
your information or sharing it with third parties for marketing purposes.
Only
sharing
your information in limited circumstances, such as to
improve the Wikimedia Sites
, to
comply with the law
, or to
protect you and others
.
Retaining your data
for the shortest possible time that is consistent with maintaining, understanding, and improving the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable law.
Be aware:
Any content you add or any change that you make to a Wikimedia Site will be
publicly and permanently available
.
If you add content or make a change to a Wikimedia Site
without logging in
, that content or change will be publicly and permanently attributed to the IP address used at the time rather than a username.
Our community of volunteer editors and contributors is a self-policing body. Certain administrators of the Wikimedia Sites, who are chosen by the community, use tools that grant them limited access to nonpublic information about recent contributions so they may protect the Wikimedia Sites and enforce policies.
This Privacy Policy
does not apply
to all sites and services run by the Wikimedia Foundation, such as sites or services that have their own privacy policy (like the
Wikimedia Shop
) or sites or services run by third parties (like third-party developer projects on
Wikimedia Cloud Services
).
As part of our commitment to education and research around the world, we occasionally release public information and aggregated or non-personal information to the general public through data dumps and data sets.
For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users, if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Wikimedia Sites.
Introduction
Use of info
Sharing
Protection
Important info
Introduction
Welcome!
The Wikimedia Foundation is the nonprofit organization that operates collaborative, free knowledge websites, like
Wikipedia
,
Wikimedia Commons
, and
Wiktionary
.
This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information.
We collect very little Personal Information about you.
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to third parties.
By using Wikimedia Sites, you consent to this Policy.
The Wikimedia movement is founded on a simple, but powerful principle: we can do more together than any of us can do alone. We cannot work collectively without gathering, sharing, and analyzing information about our users as we seek new ways to make the Wikimedia Sites more usable, safer, and more beneficial.
We believe that information-gathering and use should go hand-in-hand with transparency. This Privacy Policy explains how the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, like Wikipedia, collects, uses, and shares information we receive from you through your use of the Wikimedia Sites. It is essential to understand that, by using any of the Wikimedia Sites, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. That means that reading this Policy carefully is important.
We believe that you should not have to provide nonpublic Personal Information to participate in the free knowledge movement. You do not have to provide things like your real name, address, or date of birth to sign up for a standard account or contribute content to the Wikimedia Sites.
We do not sell or rent your Personal Information, nor do we give it to others to sell you anything. We use it to figure out how to make the Wikimedia Sites more engaging and accessible, to see which ideas work, and to make learning and contributing more fun. Put simply: we use this information to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you.
After all, it is people like you, the champions of free knowledge, who make it possible for the Wikimedia Sites to not only exist, but also grow and thrive.
Definitions
Back to top
We recognize that only a minority of you are familiar with technical terms like "tracking pixels" and "cookies" used in the Privacy Policy.
Whether you are brand new to privacy terminology or you are an expert who just wants a refresher, you might find our
Glossary of Key Terms
helpful.
Because everyone (not just lawyers) should be able to easily understand how and why their information is collected and used, we use common language instead of more formal terms throughout this Policy. To help ensure your understanding of some particular key terms, here is a table of translations:
When we say...
...we mean:
"the Wikimedia Foundation" / "the Foundation" / "we" / "us" / "our"
The
Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.
, the non-profit organization that operates the Wikimedia Sites.
"Wikimedia Sites" / "our services"
Wikimedia websites and services (regardless of language), including our
main projects
, such as Wikipedia and Wikimedia Commons, as well as mobile applications, Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), emails, and notifications; excluding, however, sites and services listed in the "What This Privacy Policy Does Not Cover" section below.
"you" / "your" / "me"
You, regardless of whether you are an individual, group, or organization, and regardless of whether you are using the Wikimedia Sites or our services on behalf of yourself or someone else.
"this Policy" / "this Privacy Policy"
This document, entitled the "Wikimedia Foundation Privacy Policy".
"contributions"
Content you add or changes you make to any Wikimedia Sites.
"Personal information"
Information you provide us or information we collect that could be used to personally identify you. To be clear, while we do not necessarily collect all of the following types of information, we consider at least the following to be "personal information" if it is otherwise nonpublic and can be used to identify you:
(a) your real name, address, phone number, email address, password, identification number on government-issued ID, IP address, user-agent information, payment account number;
(b) when associated with one of the items in subsection (a), any sensitive data such as date of birth, gender, sexual orientation, racial or ethnic origins, marital or familial status, medical conditions or disabilities, political affiliation, and religion.
"third party" / "third parties"
Individuals, entities, websites, services, products, and applications that are not controlled, managed, or operated by the Wikimedia Foundation. This includes other Wikimedia users and independent organizations or groups who help promote the Wikimedia movement such as
Wikimedia chapters
,
thematic organizations
, and
user groups
as well as volunteers, employees, directors, officers,
grant recipients
, and contractors of those organizations or groups.
What This Privacy Policy Does and Does Not Cover
Except as explained below, this Privacy Policy applies to our collection and handling of information about you that we receive as a result of your use of any of the Wikimedia Sites. This Policy also applies to information that we receive from our partners or other third parties. To understand more about what this Privacy Policy covers, please see below.
Expand
Examples of What This Privacy Policy Covers
For the sake of clarity, this Privacy Policy covers, regardless of language:
All of our major sites (found at
list of major projects
), such as Wikipedia, including user pages, discussion pages, and noticeboards.
Our blogs and APIs (unless we have provided a separate policy for those services).
Official Wikimedia Foundation mobile applications.
Emails, SMS, and notifications from us or sent to us from you.
This Privacy Policy, however, does not cover some situations where we may gather or process information. For example, some uses may be covered by separate privacy policies (like those of the
Wikimedia Shop
) or sites or services run by third parties (such as third-party developer projects on
Wikimedia Cloud Services
). To understand more about what this Privacy Policy does not cover, please see below.
Expand
More on what the Wikimedia Foundation Privacy Policy does not cover
This section is part of the Privacy Policy and is meant to explain in detail which situations are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
Wikimedia Sites and Tools with alternative policies
Some Wikimedia Foundation websites or tools have alternative privacy policies or provisions that differ from this Privacy Policy. These websites include:
Wikipedia Store
(covered by
the shop's policy
);
donate.wikimedia.org
, including the donation process, such as clicking on a donation banner (covered by
the Donor Privacy Policy
); and
The
Wikipedia Reading Lists Browser Extension
, which is governed by a separate
Privacy Policy
. This separate policy will also be made available where the Extension can be downloaded.
If a Wikimedia Foundation website is governed by an alternative privacy policy, it will link to such policy. When a Wikimedia Foundation tool is governed by an alternative privacy policy, the page where the tool may be downloaded or enabled will include a link to that policy.
Community members
The Wikimedia Sites are collaborative labors of love that are constantly maintained and updated by a global community of volunteers. This global community of volunteers may sometimes have access to personal Information in order to ensure the functioning of the Wikimedia Sites.
Administrative volunteers
, such as
CheckUsers
or
Stewards
. These are volunteers who enforce Wikimedia Site policies and ensure the safety of the Wikimedia Sites. When these administrators access Personal Information that is nonpublic, they are required to comply with our
Access to nonpublic personal data policy
, as well as other, tool-specific policies.
Tool providers
. We support platforms for third-party developers to experiment and develop new tools and sites, such as
wmflabs.org
. When you use one of the tools developed by these volunteers, you may transfer information to them. When these volunteers access nonpublic information or Personal Information, they are required to comply with the terms governing the particular platform the tool is available on.
Other users
. We provide several tools that allow users to communicate with each other. The communications may be covered by this Policy while they pass through our systems, but the users who receive these communications, and what they do with the communications once they receive them, are not covered by this Policy. Examples include:
posting to Foundation-hosted email lists;
requesting support from volunteers through our
online ticketing system
(email sent to info
wikimedia.org goes to this system);
emailing other users through the Wikimedia Sites (for example, by using the "Email this user" feature); and
chatting on
IRC
(such as on the #wikipedia channel).
Third parties
This Privacy Policy only covers the way the Wikimedia Foundation collects, uses and discloses Personal Information and does not address the practices of third parties. For example, this Privacy Policy does not address the practices of:
Websites run by other organizations
, like websites linked to from the "References" sections of Wikipedia, or run by Wikimedia chapters or other
movement organizations
. These organizations may receive information from you if you visit their websites after using one of the Wikimedia Sites. They are governed by their own privacy policies.
Mobile applications provided by other organizations or individuals
. These organizations or individuals may receive information from you if you use those applications to access the Wikimedia Sites or Wikimedia Site content. They are governed by their own privacy policies.
Sometimes, volunteers may place a data-collecting tool, such as a script, gadget, tracking pixel, or share button, on a Wikimedia Site without our knowledge. This Policy does not cover how third parties handle the information they receive as a result of such a tool. If you come across such a third-party tool, and you believe it violates this Policy, you can remove the tool yourself, or report it to privacy
wikimedia.org so we can investigate.
Where community policies govern information, such as the
CheckUser policy
, the relevant community may add to the rules and obligations set out in this Policy. However, they are not permitted to create new exceptions or otherwise reduce the protections offered by this Policy.
Back to top
Collection & Use of Info
Types of Information We Receive From You & How We Get It
Your Public Contributions
Whatever you post on Wikimedia Sites can be seen and used by everyone.
When you make a contribution to any Wikimedia Site, including on user or discussion pages, you are creating a permanent, public record of every piece of content added, removed, or altered by you. The page history will show when your contribution or deletion was made, as well as your username (if you are signed in) or your
IP address
(if you are not signed in). We may use your public contributions, either aggregated with the public contributions of others or individually, to create new features or data-related products for you or to learn more about how the Wikimedia Sites are used, as further explained below in the
"How We Use Information We Receive From You"
section of this Privacy Policy.
Expand
Publicly Visible Information
Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to the Wikimedia Sites, including Personal Information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions.
You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer further information, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation and gender.
Back to top
Account Information & Registration
You do not need to create an account to use any Wikimedia Site.
If you do create an account, you do not need to give us your name or email address (although you can if you choose to, such as for the "Email this user" feature for example).
If you do not create an account, your contributions will be publicly attributed to your
IP address
.
Want to create an account? Great! Do not want to create an account? No problem!
You are not required to create an account to read or contribute to a Wikimedia Site, except under
rare circumstances
. However, if you contribute without signing in, your contribution will be publicly attributed to the
IP address
associated with your device.
If you want to create a
standard account
, in most cases we require only a username and a password. However, if you choose not to provide an email address, we cannot help you recover your password.
Expand
More on Usernames
Your username will be publicly visible, so please be careful about revealing your real name or other Personal Information in your username. Your password is only used to verify that the account is yours. Your
IP address
is also automatically submitted to us, and we record it temporarily. This is to protect Wikimedia users and project content; in the event of abuse, IP addresses may be associated with usernames as part of an investigation. No other Personal Information is required: no name, no email address, no date of birth, and no credit card information.
Once created, user accounts cannot be removed entirely (although you can usually hide the information on your user page if you choose to). This is because your public contributions must be associated with their author (you!). In some circumstances, the Wikimedia communities
can assist
users with removing additional information related to their account from the projects.
To gain a better understanding of the demographics of our users, to localize our services and to learn how we can improve our services, we may ask you for more demographic information, such as gender or age, about yourself. We will tell you if such information is intended to be public or private, so that you can make an informed decision about whether you want to provide us with that information. Providing such information is always completely optional. If you do not want to, you do not have to—it is as simple as that.
Back to top
Location Information
GPS & Other Location Technologies
Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in.
If you consent, we can use
GPS
(and other technologies commonly used to determine location) to show you more relevant content. We keep information obtained by these technologies confidential, except as provided in this Policy. You can learn more by checking out the list of examples of how we use these technologies in our
FAQ
.
Back to top
Metadata
Sometimes, we automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you want to upload a photo on the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, we may receive
metadata
, such as the place and time you took the photo, automatically from your device. Please be aware that, unlike location information collected using GPS signals described above, the default setting on your mobile device typically includes the metadata in your photo or video upload to the Wikimedia Sites. If you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device.
Back to top
IP Addresses
Finally, when you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the
IP address
of the device (or your
proxy server
) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to
infer your geographical location
.
Back to top
Information Related to Your Use of the Wikimedia Sites
We use certain technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites.
Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites.
We also use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to collect information regarding how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more customizable experience for you.
We want to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you by learning more about how you use them. Examples of this might include how often you visit the Wikimedia Sites, what you like, what you find helpful, how you get to the Wikimedia Sites, and whether you would use a helpful feature more if we explained it differently. We also want this Policy and our practices to reflect our community's values. For this reason, we keep information related to your use of the Wikimedia Sites confidential, except as provided in this Policy.
Back to top
Information We Receive Automatically
Because of how browsers work, we receive some information automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. This includes when you use an online tool on a third-party site that loads information coming from the Wikimedia Sites. This information includes the type of device you are using (possibly including unique device identification numbers, for some beta versions of our mobile applications), the type and version of your
browser
, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's
operating system
, in some cases the name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier, the website that referred you to the Wikimedia Sites, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to the Wikimedia Sites.
Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with Wikimedia Sites. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites, and analyze trends.
Back to top
Information We Collect
We use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more customizable experience for you.
We actively collect some types of information with a variety of commonly-used technologies. These generally include
tracking pixels
,
JavaScript
, and a variety of "locally stored data" technologies, such as
cookies
and
local storage
. These types of technologies may also be used in online tools on a third-party site that loads information from the Wikimedia Sites. We realize that some of these technologies do not have the best reputation in town and can be used for less-than-noble purposes. So we want to be as clear as we can about why we use these methods and the type of information we collect with them.
Depending on which technology we use, locally stored data may include text, Personal Information (like your
IP address
), and information about your use of the Wikimedia Sites (like your username or the time of your visit). See below for more information.
We use this information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. We will never use third-party cookies, unless we get your permission to do so. If you ever come across a third-party data collection tool that has not been authorized by you (such as one that may have been mistakenly placed by another user or administrator), please report it to us at
privacy@wikimedia.org
.
Expand
More on Locally Stored Data
Locally stored data, JavaScript, and tracking pixels help us do things like:
Provide you with a customizable experience, such as using cookies to know your language preference, to remember the user preferences you set so we can provide you with the customized look and feel that you want, and to tell you about interesting Wikimedia issues and events in your area.
Deliver more relevant content to you faster. For example, we use local storage to store your most recently read articles directly on your device, so they can be retrieved quickly. Also, we use cookies to learn about the topics searched so that we can optimize the search results we deliver to you.
Understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, so that we know what works and what is useful. For example, we might use cookies to learn about the list of articles you are following on your watchlist so that we can recommend similar articles that you may be interested in.
Understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites across different devices, so that we can make our varied Wikimedia Sites more efficient and effective for you.
Make the Wikimedia Sites more convenient to use, such as by using cookies to maintain your session when you log in or to remember your username in the login field.
Want to know even more? You can read more about some of the specific cookies we use, when they expire, and what we use them for in our
FAQ
.
We believe this data collection helps improve your user experience, but you may remove or disable some or all locally stored data through your browser settings, depending on your browser. You can learn more about some options you have in our
FAQ
. While locally stored data may not be necessary to use our sites, some features will not function properly if you disable locally stored data.
While the examples above concerning information about you collected through the use of data collection tools are kept confidential in accordance with this Policy, please note that some information about the actions taken by your username is made publicly available through
public logs
alongside actions taken by other users. For example, a public log may include the date your account was created on a Wikimedia Site along with the dates that other accounts were created on a Wikimedia Site.
Back to top
How We Use Information We Receive From You
General
We and our service providers use your information for the legitimate purpose of pursuing our charitable mission, including:
Expand
Operating the Wikimedia Sites, sharing your contributions and administering our Services.
To help you share your knowledge with the world and add new features to our Services.
To arrange access to your account and provide you with related service.
To send administrative information to you, such as changes to our policies.
To allow you to send messages to another person if you choose to do so. Direct communications between users (such as messages sent through the "Email this user" feature), to the extent such communications are nonpublic and stored in or in transit through Wikimedia Foundation systems, are kept confidential by us, except as provided in this Policy.
We engage in these activities to manage our relationship with you, because we have a legitimate interest and/or to comply with our legal obligations.
Expand
Providing customized Services.
To provide to you custom content, notices and settings and to enhance your experience with the Wikimedia Sites.
We will customize the Services, in some instances, with your consent; or in keeping with our legitimate interest.
Expand
Sending emails with news updates and communications about items we believe may be of interest to you.
To let you know about things that are happening with the Wikimedia Foundation, the Wikimedia Sites or the Wikimedia movement.
To alert you when there has been a change to an article that you have decided to follow.
We will send these types of emails to you only with your consent except as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We do not sell, rent, or use your email address to advertise third-party products or services to you. You can manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences and User profile. You can learn more about email and notifications and how to change your preferences in our
FAQ
.
Expand
Sending optional surveys and requesting feedback.
We will always tell you, at the time we give you an opportunity to share your thoughts, how we plan on using your answers and any Personal Information you provide.
Your responses to our surveys and feedback requests are always optional. We will email these types of requests to you only with your consent except as otherwise permitted by applicable law. You can manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences and User profile. You can learn more about email and notifications and how to change your preferences in our
FAQ
.
Expand
Improving the Wikimedia Sites and making your user experience safer and better.
To use your public contributions, either aggregated with the public contributions of others or individually, to create new features or data-related products for you or to learn more about how the Wikimedia Sites are used.
To fight spam, identity theft, malware and other kinds of abuse.
To optimize mobile and other applications.
To test features to see what works, understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites and analyze trends.
We engage in these activities to further our legitimate interest and/or to comply with our legal obligations.
Back to top
Other
Location information
GPS & Other Location Technologies
As stated above, we can use commonly-used location technologies to show you more relevant content. For example, our mobile apps can identify articles from the Wikimedia sites about points of interest near your location. As a reminder, you can consent to and/or deactivate our access to these location technologies at any time for example through the native OS functionalities on your mobile device, and still use the Wikimedia Sites.
Back to top
Metadata
As stated above, we may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload. As a reminder, if you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device.
Back to top
IP Addresses
When you visit any Wikimedia Site, we automatically receive the
IP address
of the device (or your proxy server) you are using to access the Internet, which could be used to infer your geographical location. We keep IP addresses confidential, except as provided in this Policy. If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we may use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas.
We use this location information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. For example, we use this information to provide greater security, optimize mobile applications, and learn how to expand and better support Wikimedia communities. We also use Personal Information in the manner described in the sections of this Policy titled "For Legal Reasons" and "To Protect You, Ourselves & Others."
Back to top
Sharing
When May We Share Your Information?
We use and share your Personal Information when you give us specific permission to do so, for legal reasons, and in the other circumstances described below.
With Your Permission
We share your Personal Information for a particular purpose, if you agree. For example, if you receive a scholarship and we ask permission to share your Personal Information with a local chapter. You can find more information in the list of examples in our
FAQ
.
Back to top
For Legal Reasons
We will disclose your Personal Information to public authorities or other persons in response to an official legal process only if we believe it to be legally valid. See also our
Requests for user information procedures and guidelines
. We will notify you of such requests when possible. We do so to further our legitimate interest and/or to comply with our legal obligations.
We will access, use, preserve, and/or disclose your Personal Information if we reasonably believe it necessary to satisfy a valid and legally enforceable warrant, subpoena, court order, law or regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. However, if we believe that a particular request for disclosure of a user's information is legally invalid or an abuse of the legal system and the affected user does not intend to oppose the disclosure themselves, we will try our best to fight it. We are committed to notifying you via email at least ten (10) calendar days, when possible, before we disclose your Personal Information in response to a legal demand. However, we may only provide notice if we are not legally restrained from contacting you, there is no credible threat to life or limb that is created or increased by disclosing the request, and you have provided us with an email address.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you may have to a third-party's request (whether it be civil, criminal, or governmental) to disclose your Personal Information. We recommend seeking the advice of legal counsel immediately if such a request is made involving you.
For more information, see our
Subpoena FAQ
.
Back to top
If the Organization is Transferred (Really Unlikely!)
In the unlikely event that the ownership of the Foundation changes, we will provide you 30 days' notice before any Personal Information is transferred to the new owners or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In the extremely unlikely event that ownership of all or substantially all of the Foundation changes, or we go through a reorganization (such as a merger, consolidation, or acquisition), consistent with our legitimate interest, we will continue to keep your Personal Information confidential, except as provided in this Policy, and provide notice to you via the Wikimedia Sites and a notification on
WikimediaAnnounce-L
or similar mailing list at least thirty (30) calendar days before any Personal Information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Back to top
To Protect You, Ourselves & Others
We, or users with certain administrative rights, use and disclose Personal Information that is reasonably necessary to:
enforce or investigate potential violations of the Wikimedia Foundation or community-based policies;
protect our organization, infrastructure, employees, contractors, or the public; or
prevent imminent or serious bodily harm or death to a person.
We do so to manage our relationship with you, to further our legitimate interest, and/or to comply with our legal obligations.
We, or particular users with certain administrative rights as described below, need to use and share your Personal Information if it is reasonably believed to be necessary to enforce or investigate potential violations of our
Terms of Use
, this Privacy Policy, or any Wikimedia Foundation or user community-based policies. We may also need to access and share Personal Information to investigate and defend ourselves against legal threats or actions.
Wikimedia Sites are collaborative, with users writing most of the policies and selecting from amongst themselves people to hold certain administrative rights. These rights may include access to limited amounts of otherwise nonpublic information about recent contributions and activity by other users. They use this access to help protect against vandalism and abuse, fight harassment of other users, and generally try to minimize disruptive behavior on the Wikimedia Sites. These various user-selected administrative groups have their own privacy and confidentiality guidelines, but all such groups are supposed to agree to follow our
Access to nonpublic personal data policy
. These user-selected administrative groups are accountable to other users through checks and balances: users are selected through a community-driven process and overseen by their peers through a logged history of their actions. However, the legal names of these users are not known to the Wikimedia Foundation.
We hope that this never comes up, but we may disclose your Personal Information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm or death to a person, or to protect our organization, employees, contractors, users, or the public. We may also disclose your Personal Information if we reasonably believe it necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise assess and address potential spam, malware, fraud, abuse, unlawful activity, and security or technical concerns. (Check out the list of examples in our
FAQ
for more information.)
Back to top
To Our Service Providers
We disclose Personal Information to our third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites and provide services in support of our mission.
We use third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites for you and other users. We give access to your Personal Information to these providers or contractors as needed to perform their services for us or to use their tools and services. We put requirements, such as confidentiality agreements, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your Personal Information consistently with, and no less protective of your privacy than, the principles of this Policy. For further information, please see our
FAQ
.
If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas.
Some of our service providers ask us to post links to their privacy policies; a list of these service providers and links to their policies can be found
on this page
.
Back to top
To Understand & Experiment
We give volunteer developers and researchers access to systems that contain your Personal Information to allow them to protect, develop, and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
We also share non-Personal Information or aggregated information with third parties interested in studying the Wikimedia Sites.
When we share Personal Information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your Personal Information consistent with this Policy and our legitimate interest.
The open-source software that powers the Wikimedia Sites depends on the contributions of volunteer software developers, who spend time writing and testing code to help it improve and evolve with our users' needs. To facilitate their work, we give some developers limited access to systems that contain your Personal Information, but only as reasonably necessary for them to develop and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites.
Similarly, we share non-Personal Information or aggregated information with researchers, scholars, academics, and other interested third parties who wish to study the Wikimedia Sites. Sharing this Personal Information helps them understand usage, viewing, and demographics statistics and patterns. They then can share their findings with us and our users so that we can all better understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites.
When we give access to Personal Information to third-party developers or researchers, we put requirements, such as reasonable technical and contractual protections, in place to help ensure that these service providers treat your Personal Information consistently with the principles of this Policy and in accordance with our instructions. If these developers or researchers later publish their work or findings, we ask that they not disclose your Personal Information. Please note that, despite the obligations we impose on developers and researchers, we cannot guarantee that they will abide by our agreement, nor do we guarantee that we will regularly screen or audit their projects. (You can learn more about re-identification in our
FAQ
.)
Back to top
Because You Made It Public
Information that you post is public and can be seen and used by everyone.
Any information you post publicly on the Wikimedia Sites is just that – public. For example, if you put your mailing address on your talk page, that is public, and not specifically protected by this Policy. And if you edit without registering or logging into your account, your IP address will be seen publicly. Please think carefully about your desired level of privacy before you disclose Personal Information on your user page or elsewhere.
Back to top
Protection
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We strive to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) designed to protect our systems and your Personal Information. Unfortunately, there is no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we cannot guarantee that our security will not be breached (by technical measures or through violation of our policies and procedures).
We will never ask for your password by email (but may send you a temporary password via email if you have requested a password reset). If you ever receive an email that requests your password,
please let us know by sending it to privacy@wikimedia.org, so we can investigate the source of the email
.
Back to top
How Long Do We Keep Your Data?
Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we only keep your Personal Information as long as necessary to maintain, understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites or to comply with applicable law.
Once we receive Personal Information from you, we keep it for the shortest possible time that is consistent with the maintenance, understanding, and improvement of the Wikimedia Sites, and our obligations under applicable law. In most instances, Personal Information is deleted, aggregated or de-identified after 90 days. Non-Personal Information may be retained indefinitely as appropriate. (Check out the list of examples in our
FAQ
.)
Please remember that when you make a contribution to any Wikimedia Site, the page history will show when your contribution was made, your username (if you are signed in), or your
IP address
(if you edit while not logged in). The transparency of the projects' contribution and revision histories is critical to their efficacy and trustworthiness. To learn more about our data retention practices, see our
data retention guidelines
.
Back to top
Your rights
If you would like to request access to or removal of your Personal Information, you may contact us.
For information about how you may request removal of your Personal Information, or other rights you may have with respect to your Personal Information, see our
FAQ
. If you would like to request to access, update or restrict/object to the processing of Personal Information, or receive a copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another organization, you may
Contact Us
. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
Please note also that you may be able to exercise some of these rights without our intervention. For example, if you are a registered user, you can access and update some Personal Information in your Preferences, as well as download your user account data. You may also manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences.
Back to top
Important info
For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users, if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Wikimedia Sites.
Where is the Foundation & What Does That Mean for Me?
The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California, with servers and data centers located in the U.S. If you decide to use Wikimedia Sites, whether from inside or outside of the U.S., you understand that your Personal Information will be collected, transferred, stored, processed, disclosed and otherwise used in the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. You also understand that your information may be transferred by us from the U.S. to other countries, which may have different or less stringent data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you.
Back to top
Our Response to Do Not Track (DNT) signals
We are strongly committed to protecting users' Personal Information. Under this Policy, we may share your information only under particular situations, which you can learn more about in the
"When May We Share Your Information"
section of this Privacy Policy. In particular, we do not share your Personal Information for marketing purposes.
Because we protect all users in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we do not change our behavior in response to a web browser's "do not track" signal. For more information regarding Do Not Track signals and how we handle them, please visit our
FAQ
.
Back to top
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Substantial changes to this Policy will not be made until after a public comment period of at least 30 days.
Because things naturally change over time and we want to ensure our Privacy Policy accurately reflects our practices and the law, it may be necessary to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to do so in the following manner:
In the event of substantial changes, we will provide the proposed changes to our users in at least three (3) languages (selected at our discretion) for an open comment period lasting at least thirty (30) calendar days. Prior to the start of any comment period, we will provide notice of such changes and the opportunity to comment via the Wikimedia Sites, and via a notification on
WikimediaAnnounce-L
or a similar mailing list.
For minor changes, such as grammatical fixes, administrative or legal changes, or corrections of inaccurate statements, we will post the changes and, when possible, provide at least three (3) calendar days' prior notice via
WikimediaAnnounce-L
or similar mailing list.
We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after any effective date of a subsequent version of this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part.
Back to top
Contact Us
If you have questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, or the information collected under this Privacy Policy, please email us at
privacy@wikimedia.org
or
contact us
directly. If you are located in the European Economic Area and have questions about your personal data or would like to request to access, update, or delete it, you may contact our representative via email at EUrepresentative.Wikimedia@twobirds.com, or via mail at:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Ireland
29 Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
D02 AY28
Ireland
Main point of contact: Vincent Rezzouk-Hammachi
If you are an individual located in the United Kingdom, and have questions about your personal data or would like to request to access, update, or delete it, you may contact our representative via email at UKrepresentative.Wikimedia@twobirds.com, or via mail at:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services UK
12 New Fetter Lane
London
EC4A 1JP
United Kingdom
Main point of contact: Vincent Rezzouk-Hammachi
Our European Economic Area and United Kingdom Representative can only be contacted for queries in relation to data protection.
Depending on your jurisdiction, you also may have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority competent for your country or region.
Thank You!
Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you enjoy using the Wikimedia Sites and appreciate your participation in creating, maintaining, and constantly working to improve the largest repository of free knowledge in the world.
Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this Privacy Policy and a translation, the original English version takes precedence.
This version was approved by
Amanda Keton
on June 7, 2021, pursuant to the
Delegation of policy-making authority
by the Board, and went into effect on June 25, 2021. Previous versions can be found below:
Privacy Policy (May 2018 - June 2021)
: effective from May 24, 2018, until June 24, 2021
Privacy policy (June 2014 - May 2018)
: effective from June 6, 2014, until May 24, 2018
Privacy policy (November 2008 - June 2014)
: effective from November 25, 2008, until June 6, 2014
Privacy policy (August 2008 - November 2008)
: effective from August 19, 2008, until November 25, 2008
Privacy policy (June 2006 - August 2008)
: effective from June 21, 2006, until August 19, 2008
Privacy policy (April 2005 to June 2006)
: effective from April 2005 until June 21, 2006
Privacy policy
FAQ
Glossary of key terms
Subpoena FAQ
Data retention guidelines
Data publication guidelines
Cookie statement
Access to nonpublic personal data
Confidentiality agreement
How to sign
Exceptions
Underage exemptions
Noticeboard
Donor privacy policy
Categories
:
Policies
Privacy policy