Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics for Firebase
Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics)
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
ChartMogul
Personal Data: financial information; Tracker; Usage Data
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) with anonymized IP
Personal Data: Tracker; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name; various types of Data
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Handling payments
RevenueCat
Personal Data: device information; Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Google Cloud Storage
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Firebase Cloud Storage
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Infrastructure monitoring
Firebase Performance Monitoring and Firebase Crash Reporting
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Managing support and contact requests
Zendesk
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
The Word Among Us, Inc - 7115 Guildford Drive, Suite 100, Frederick, MD 21704
Owner contact email:
support@wau.org
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
The Word Among Us, Inc - 7115 Guildford Drive, Suite 100, Frederick, MD 21704
Owner contact email:
support@wau.org
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); device information; financial information; first name; last name; email address; various types of Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Infrastructure monitoring, Analytics, Handling payments, Contacting the User, Managing support and contact requests, Displaying content from external platforms, Hosting and backend infrastructure and Tag Management.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) (Google LLC)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
ChartMogul (ChartMogul Ltd)
ChartMogul is an analytics service provided by ChartMogul Ltd, that allows the Owner to analyze revenue and Users’ (commercial) activity on this Application.
Personal Data processed: financial information; Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) with anonymized IP (Google LLC)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Contacting the User
Contact form (this Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name; various types of Data.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Fonts (Google LLC)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google LLC that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Handling payments
Unless otherwise specified, this Application processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers.   This Application isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
RevenueCat (RevenueCat, Inc.)
RevenueCat is a payment service provided by RevenueCat, Inc. The service allows the Owner to monitor and analyze the User and their purchase history and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Personal Data processed: device information; Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example).
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Google Cloud Storage (Google LLC)
Google Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Firebase Cloud Storage (Google LLC)
Firebase Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Firebase Performance Monitoring (Google LLC)
Firebase Performance Monitoring is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Firebase Crash Reporting (Google LLC)
Firebase Crash Reporting is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing support and contact requests
This type of service allows this Application to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form.
The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address).
Zendesk (Zendesk, Inc.)
Zendesk is a support and contact request management service provided by Zendesk Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Application in a centralized fashion.
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 2
https://chartmogul.com/privacy/#:~:text=ChartMogul%20Ltd%20only%20keeps%20and,legally%20required%20to%20retain%20it.:
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This Privacy and Cookies Policy (“policy”) describes ChartMogul’s commitment to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy. This policy applies to our customers (including those on free trials), subscribers, website visitors, and applicants (hereinafter referred to as “you”, “your” and “yours”).
The following statements describe who we are, which types of personal data we collect when you use our services, visit our websites, communicate with ChartMogul, and/or apply for a job at ChartMogul, what happens with this personal data, and how you can object to this processing, where applicable. All collection, processing, and use of personal data (“processing”) by ChartMogul is exclusively for the purposes of providing and optimizing the ChartMogul services (“services”), monitoring the function and performance of our websites, supporting our business operations, complying with legal and regulatory obligations, providing customer service, and marketing our services. The services have been designed with the goal of collecting as little personal data as possible to function.
Except as otherwise provided herein, for the purposes of this policy and data protection laws, namely the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), we are the data controller, meaning we determine the purpose and means of processing of your personal data. If you have questions about our processing of personal data, you will find our contact information and the contact details for our Data Protection Officer in the section below.
There may be situations when more than one data controller processes your information, such as when you access the ChartMogul website through a widget. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities and make determinations over how data will be processed independently from other data controllers. We are not responsible for the processing of other data controllers, including customers, and you should contact them directly regarding questions about how they process your personal data. If you have questions about our processing of personal data, you will find our contact information and the contact details for our Data Protection Officer in the section below.
Controller
The controller, sometimes referred to as the responsible entity, according to Art. 4 Nr. 7 of the GDPR is
: ChartMogul GmbH & Co. KG, ℅ WeWork, Kemperplatz 1, 10785 Berlin, Germany
Appointed Data Protection Officer for ChartMogul GmbH & Co. KG
The appointed data protection officer for EEA and UK is
: ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
For questions related to data protection, you can contact the appointed data protection officer via email through:
privacy@chartmogul.com
Or by post: ePrivacy GmbH, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
If you wish to communicate directly with our data protection officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please contact them by post, as communication by e-mail could always have security gaps. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company ChartMogul.
Definitions
When we refer to “personal data,” we mean all particulars related to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”).
When we refer to ChartMogul, “we” or “us”, we mean ChartMogul GmbH & Co. KG. All customers are billed through this entity. ChartMogul Technology Canada Ltd and ChartMogul, LLC are processors of ChartMogul GmbH & Co. KG, providing customer support and North American sales, and recruiting functions, respectively. We may share your personal data with our operating subsidiaries as necessary for the provision of services.
When we refer to “our website(s)” and/or “ChartMogul websites,” we mean any website owned and / or operated by ChartMogul, especially chartmogul.com (including all subdomains) and mogul.io (including all subdomains).
When we refer to “ChartMogul application,” we mean ChartMogul’s product hosted at app.chartmogul.com.
Data Protection Principles
The GDPR sets out the principles which must be complied with by any party handling personal data. ChartMogul will comply with these principles, as detailed in Article 5 of the GDPR;
Processed lawfully
, fairly, and in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject;
Collected for specified, explicit, and legitimate
purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes subject to appropriate safeguards, and provided that there is no risk of breaching the privacy of the data subject;
Adequate, relevant, and limited
to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed;
Accurate and where necessary, kept up to date
; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that is inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, is erased or rectified without delay;
Kept in a form which permits identification
of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organizational measures required by GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of the data subject;
Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security
of the personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures;
Article 5(2) states that the controller is responsible for and must be able to
demonstrate compliance
with the data protection principles
Accountability
The GDPR obliges organizations to demonstrate that their processing activities are compliant with the data protection principles. The principle of accountability seeks to guarantee the enforcement of these principles. We will demonstrate compliance in the following ways:
by maintaining record schedules which will include details on Personal Data collected, held, or processed in line with Article 30 – ‘Records of Processing Activities’;
upon request, these records will be disclosed to the relevant lead authority in the applicable jurisdiction.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
In order to process personal data, a lawful ground must exist. A number of permitted grounds for processing are enumerated in Article 6 of the GDPR.
One ground for the processing of personal data is Article 6, Paragraph 1(a) of the GDPR, which is the freely given consent of the data subject to do so. This consent is bound to a particular purpose. For example, we may collect personal data such as your name and email address when you subscribe to our newsletter.
A second ground for the processing of personal data is to fulfill the requirements of a contract, as specified in Article 6, Paragraph 1(b) of the GDPR. Performance of contract is understood to include the initiation of a commercial relationship. This ground applies to ChartMogul when a user completes our contact form or contacts our Customer Success or Sales team using any other means to obtain a non-binding quotation.
Article 6, Paragraph 1(c) of the GDPR permits the processing of personal data where a legal requirement to do so exists.
Article 6, paragraph 1(d) permits the processing of personal data in exceptional circumstances, where doing so is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject.
It is also possible that personal data will be processed on the basis of Article 6, paragraph 1(f) of the GDPR. This is the so-called “legitimate interests” ground, which is interpreted with reference to Recital 47 of the GDPR. The GDPR treats this as a “fallback ground”, which only applies where no other previously listed lawful ground for processing applies. When this ground is relied upon, an assessment must carefully weigh the legitimate interests of the data subject against the legitimate interests of the data controller.
What Personal Data We Collect
Unless expressly stated, the provision of your personal data is not required or obligatory. The personal data that we collect about you broadly falls into the categories set out below. Some of this information you provide voluntarily when you interact with ChartMogul services, websites, and/or application. Other types of information may be collected automatically from your device, such as Device and Service Data. From time to time, we may also receive personal data about you from third party service providers (as further described below).
Category of personal data
What this can include
Third Party Service Providers that may process this data (see more detailed information in section below entitled Third Party Service Providers)
Contact Data
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name
AWS, Calendly, Customer.io, Dropbox Sign, Fireflies, Formspree, Google Workspace, Hex, Jitsu, LinkedIn, Loom, Luma, Lusha, Notion, Nylas, OpenAI, Pitch, Recruitee, Recurly, Rocketreach, Salesroom, SimplyBook.me, Slack, Snowflake, Stripe, Trello, Twilio, Typeform, Wellfound, Zapier, Zendesk, Zoom
Account Data
Name, email address, company name, unique identifier (such as customer ID), mailing address, department, role, and details about subscriptions and services you have purchased from ChartMogul, including subscription or plan name, sign up date
AWS, Customer.io, Datadog, Dropbox Sign, Google Workspace, Jitsu, Notion, Nylas, Recurly, Shortcut, Slack, Snowflake, Stripe, Trello, Twilio, Typeform, Zapier, Zendesk
Professional Data
Educational and professional history, certifications, interests and accomplishments, job and salary preferences, professional resumes and CVs, job applications, interviewing information, assessments, references, hiring results, and other optional data you send
Dropbox Sign, Google Workspace, LinkedIn, Lusha, Notion, Recruitee, Slack, Wellfound
Financial Data
Bank account and/or payment card details
Braintree, Recurly, Stripe
Billing Data
Billing address and payment history
Braintree, Dropbox Sign, Google Workspace, Recurly, Stripe
Communications Data
If you correspond with us by email or otherwise, or if you connect your email account to our platform, we may retain the content of such messages and our responses
AWS, Customer.io, Dropbox Sign, Fireflies, Google Workspace, LinkedIn, Notion, Nylas, Recruitee, Salesroom, Shortcut, Slack, Snowflake, Trello, Zapier, Zendesk, Zoom
Cookie Data
Data from trackers like cookies, pixels, clear GIFs, and/or web widgets stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings. For more details, see the section entitled Use of Cookies below
AWS, Meta, Formspree, Google AdSense, Google Analytics, Instagram, Jitsu, LinkedIn, Recruitee, Twilio, Snowflake, X, Zapier, Zendesk
Device and Service Data
Internet protocol (IP) address, geolocation data, unique identifier, login data, date and time of access, name of your Internet Service Provider, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our websites or use our services
AWS, Calendly, Cloudflare, Customer.io, Datadog, Hex, Meta, Instagram, IPAPI, Jitsu, LinkedIn, Recurly, Twilio, SimplyBook.me, Snowflake, Stripe, X, Zendesk
Activity Data
Requested URI, date and time of request, amount of data transferred to you in response, whether the request was successfully processed or not, referring website from which you made the request, navigation paths between pages, query string, usage data, pages viewed, links clicked, and interaction and duration data
AWS, Cloudflare, Datadog, Hex, Meta, Google AdSense, Google Analytics, Instagram, Jitsu, LinkedIn, Twilio, Snowflake, X, Zapier
Sensitive Data
ChartMogul does not collect any sensitive data, such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, health data, data concerning sexual life or orientation, except with specific consent or as necessary for compliance purposes
N/A
Use of Cookies
In addition to the previously listed data, cookies will be saved on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small pieces of textual data which are saved on your hard disk by your web browser, through which ChartMogul, who sets the cookie’s contents, can collect certain information about you. Cookies cannot execute any code, nor transfer any viruses to your computer. We use them in order to anonymously or pseudonymously analyze the use of the website and present relevant offers to you.
This website uses the following types of cookies, whose scope and functionality is detailed in the following paragraphs.
transient cookies (see paragraph 1)
persistent cookies (see paragraph 2)
Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. They are used particularly as session cookies. These save a so-called “session ID” which is used to link subsequent requests made by your browser to each other. Through this, your computer can be recognized when you return to our website. These session cookies are deleted, when you log out, or close your browser.
Persistent cookies are only deleted after a predetermined duration, which can be different for each cookie. You can delete these persistent cookies anytime, though, in the “Settings” configuration of your browser. We advise you that, if you do so, not all functionality of this website will be available.
Previously set cookies can be deleted through the settings of your browser. You may also be able to prevent the placement of some cookies on your computer through the relevant settings of your internet browser. We advise you that certain browser security and privacy configurations may impact the display and functionality of our website and embedded widgets, and preventing the placement of cookies on your computer can mean that not all functionality of our website is available without limitations. Moreover, due to a lack of industry standard for recognizing Do Not Track browser signals, it’s possible that third party service providers may continue to collect your personal data through cookies.
View our cookie declaration at
https://chartmogul.com/cookies/
.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We may collect personal data about our customers users, subscribers, website visitors, and applicants in the following situations for the purposes listed (to the extent applicable):
ChartMogul Websites
When you visit our websites, our server temporarily saves details of your access in its logs. These logs contain the following personal data, which are kept until their automatic deletion:
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
The purpose of recording this personal data is to make it possible to serve the website to you (by establishing a TCP/IP connection), to secure our servers, and for the technical administration of our infrastructure as well as the optimisation of our services. Only in the case of unauthorised access or attacks on our infrastructure will your IP address be analyzed. No further information is required from you to access our website, though Cookie Data may be processed in accordance with your selections on our website. See the section below entitled Use of Cookies for more details.
Website Registration
To register on our website, you must enter your details in the “Sign Up” form. These details are processed solely for registration, and not passed to any third parties unless ChartMogul has a lawful basis to do so.
Contact Data
Your company’s MRR band (from a predefined list)
In accordance with your cookie selections, and to prevent any potential misuse, we may also process:
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
During or after the registration, you are free to alter your personal data. It is also possible to completely cancel your registration, so that personal data is deleted.
ChartMogul Application
When you trial or subscribe to and use the ChartMogul application, you provide the following data, which is kept until you (1) request its deletion (which may render some services or functions unavailable), (2) unsubscribe and request deletion, or 3) unsubscribe and a set period of time elapses, in accordance with our data retention policy:
Contact Data
Account Data
Billing Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
The purpose of processing this data is to provide, maintain, promote, and optimize services, communicate with you, process payments, monitor and analyze trends and usage, prevent misuse, personalize our websites and services, and for other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
Newsletter Subscriptions
When you subscribe to our newsletter, you provide the following data, which is kept until you unsubscribe from the newsletter:
Your email address
The purpose of processing this data is to send newsworthy updates to our subscribers. Please note that you will continue to receive legal notices and other important account information after you unsubscribe from our newsletter.
Marketing Communications
When we have a legitimate interest in contacting you because of a commercial benefit you might obtain from our services, or services offered by our Partners, we may communicate with you. Moreover, when you download gated content from us, or otherwise provide us with a means of contacting you, we may use it to communicate with you. For example, we may send you product updates, information about webinars and podcasts, promotional offers, industry news, or other communications about your use of the services. We may receive confirmation when you open a message from us, which helps us make our communications more interesting and improve our services. If you do not want to receive marketing communications from us, please indicate your preference by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by the communication. Please note, however, that you will continue to receive legal notices and other important account information after you unsubscribe from our marketing list. When you request gated content from us, you provide the following data, which is kept until you unsubscribe:
Your email address
The purpose of processing this data is to send marketing updates, promotional offers, and other communications, as well as to improve our services.
Job Applications and Employment
It is possible to apply for jobs at ChartMogul through our online application system hosted by Recruitee (see details below). When you do so, we will process the personal data you send us, and save it to continue the application process.
If the application leads to an employment relationship, the supplied personal data will be retained, according to the requirements of relevant law. Should the application not lead to an offer of employment, the personal data of the applicant will be deleted in accordance with our data retention policy, except when required to comply with §22 of the Allgemeines Gleichbehandlungsgesetz or other applicable law.
The following personal data may be processed to advertise open positions, recruit and communicate with candidates, source and select applicants for open positions, and communicate offers:
Contact Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
Securing Your Data
To secure your data, we have put in place technical, organizational, and personnel procedural measures to safeguard personal data against loss, theft, and unauthorised access, uses, or modifications. These measures meet the requirements of the GDPR, and we require any third party service providers we use to do the same. Security and testing are performed on systems containing personal data to verify and control effectiveness. Security of these systems is monitored continuously.
Your data is only ever saved on secure servers, which may only be accessed by a few authorized personnel. When you use a form on our website to transmit data to us, this transmission is only performed over an encrypted TLS connection.
Deletion of Personal Data
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal data, ChartMogul keeps and processes personal data for as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements, provide you with services, and successfully run our business. However, even if you request a deletion, we may be required to retain your data for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
When the purpose of the processing has been fulfilled, your personal data will be deleted in accordance with our
data retention policy
, unless we are required to retain it. There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal data from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
Your Rights
You have the following rights concerning your personal data:
The right to access your personal data
The right to correct or delete your personal data
The right to restrict processing of your personal data
The right to object to the processing of your personal data
The right to data portability
The right to confirm whether your personal data is being processed or not
The right to withdraw consent at any time where processing is based on consent
The right to information on the existence of automated decision-making, if any, as well as meaningful information about the logic involved, its significance, and its envisaged consequences
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data, you can freely withdraw this consent at any time. This will only affect the processing of your personal data after you have withdrawn consent.
Please note that even if you request your personal information to be deleted, certain data may be retained for us to meet our legal or regulatory compliance, exercise, establish, or defend against legal claims, and protect against fraudulent or abusive activity. Personal data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section above, entitled Deletion of Personal Data.
Should we continue to process your personal data because we assess our legitimate interests to do so outweigh your legitimate interests (per Article 6, paragraph 1(f) of the GDPR) you may object to this processing. This is only applicable in the case where the processing of personal data is not required for us to fulfill a contract with you. To exercise such an objection, we request that you detail the grounds based on which we should no longer process your personal data. We will check the details of your circumstances based on the grounds you provide, and either stop processing your personal data, or detail to you the legal basis on which we continue to process your personal data.
How You Can Exercise Your Rights
Should you wish to exercise any of these rights, you will need to provide proof of identification that you are the person to whom the personal data relates. When you exercise your right to access, the information you will receive includes the personal data we have related to you, the source of that personal data, the recipients or types of recipients to whom the data was transferred, how long the personal data will be stored, and the purposes for data processing. To exercise any of these rights, please contact our data protection officer named in the beginning of this document either by email:
privacy@chartmogul.com
, or by post: ePrivacy GmbH, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
California Residents
If you are a consumer located in California, we process your personal data in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Any references to personal data in this policy will also mean “personal information” as that term is defined in the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Disclose your Personal Information
The section above entitled What Personal Data We Collect describes the personal data we may have collected about you, including the categories of sources of that information. We collect this information for the purposes described in the section above entitled How We Use Your Personal Data. We share this information as described in the section above entitled Third Party Service Providers. ChartMogul uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in the section above, entitled Use of Cookies.
Your CCPA Rights and How to Exercise Them
As a California consumer and subject to certain limitations under the CCPA, you have rights regarding your privacy, and corresponding choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information. Below you will find details about your rights and how to exercise them.
Right to know: You may request the following information about the personal information we have collected about you:
the categories of personal information we have collected
the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information
the business or commercial purpose for collecting the personal information
the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information
the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that information for a business purpose
Right to delete: You may request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you, subject to certain limitations under applicable law.
Right to opt-out: You may request to opt out of any “sale” of your personal information that may take place. We do not sell your personal information in the conventional sense. However, like many companies, we use advertising services that tailor online ads to your interests based on information collected via cookies and similar technologies about your activity on our websites and other online services. The definition of “sale” under the CCPA is broad and may include use of retargeting and interest-based advertising services. You can read more information about cookies and your ability to opt-out in the section above entitled Use of Cookies.
Right to non-discrimination: The CCPA provides that you may not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, contact
privacy@chartmogul.com
When exercising your rights, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request, such as verifying that the email address from which you send the request matches your email address that we have on file. Authentication based on a government-issued and valid identification document may be required.
How We Share Your Data
ChartMogul may process your personal data in the European Economic Area and in any other country where our subsidiaries or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we process personal data outside of the European Economic Area, we take appropriate safeguards to require that it remains protected in accordance with this policy and applicable law. We may use contracts, the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, or other contractual regulations provided for by law, which are intended to ensure adequate protection of your data and which you can review on request.
Partners
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third party companies who, for example, integrate with our Services. If you choose to export your data to a third party, interact with or apply for services or offerings from a third party, or otherwise link or sync your ChartMogul account to a third party’s product or service, you consent and instruct ChartMogul to share your information, including personal information, to the third party providing the service or offering. Remember that any information you provide to a third party, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy policies and terms and conditions.
Third Party Service Providers
In order to operate and perform functions such as hosting our application, storing and analyzing data, processing payments, communicating with you, and providing and optimizing our services, we use third party service providers. Some of these third party service providers are located outside the European Economic Area. We shall disclose your information to third parties only when you have authorised us to do so, it is necessary as part of business practices, or when there is a legal or statutory obligation to do so. Whenever we disclose information to third parties, we will only disclose that amount of personal information necessary to meet such business need or legal requirement.
We only engage third party service providers after a comprehensive review which carefully considers each third party service provider’s competence, as well as their technical and organizational data protection measures. The results of this review are recorded in writing. To protect your personal data, we also sign data processing agreements, complete with standard contractual clauses, as applicable, that comply with Article 28 of the GDPR with third party service providers.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this policy, please note that to the extent that you elect to provide the ChartMogul application access to your Google user data, including Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings by connecting with a Gmail account, our use of your Google user data will be further limited as follows:
The ChartMogul application will only use access to read or send Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings to provide a solution that allows your users of the ChartMogul application to compose, send, read, and process emails.
The ChartMogul application will not transfer this Google user data to others unless doing so is necessary to provide, support, and improve these features, for security purposes, to comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets.
The ChartMogul application will not use this Google user data for serving advertisements.
The ChartMogul application will not allow humans to read this Google user data unless we have your affirmative agreement for specific messages, files, or other data, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for our internal operations, and then only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
The ChartMogul application’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
We may amend this section from time to time to comply with the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, to the extent it relates to our use of such Google user data. For the avoidance of doubt, the additional restrictions contained in this section shall only apply to Google user data received through the Google OAuth API, to the extent such use is applicable to you.
Here are the details of our main third party service providers and the data they collect or that we share with them:
Infrastructure
Amazon Web Services
ChartMogul uses Amazon Web Services (AWS) to host its infrastructure. We also use AWS SES to send transactional emails (not marketing email) from the ChartMogul product to our customers. Customers can manage under what conditions they receive some of these emails in their account settings. All persistent data (such as databases, file storage, and temporary data), as well as compute power (such as web servers and processing machines), run on AWS EU Ireland Region (eu-west-1).
The responsible entity is
: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
The legal basis is our contractual obligation to provide services requested by you, Art. 6 1(b) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with AWS with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about AWS’ data processing and data protection at:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/legal/aws-gdpr/AWS_GDPR_DPA.pdf
.
Web Performance and Security
Cloudflare
ChartMogul uses Cloudflare to manage traffic and secure its websites and services.
The responsible entity is
: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, United States of America
Data processed:
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in fraud prevention and information security, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Cloudflare with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Cloudflare’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/privacypolicy/
and
https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/cloudflare-customer-dpa/
.
Datadog
ChartMogul uses Datadog to aggregate logs for debugging, and to monitor traffic and interactions with our websites and application to identify security risks.
The responsible entity is
: Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Avenue, Floor 45, New York, NY 10018, United States of America
Data processed:
Account Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in fraud prevention and information security, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement, with Standard Contractual Clauses, with Datadog with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Datadog’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/
.
Snowflake
ChartMogul uses Snowflake as a data warehouse solution and data analysis engine to improve the performance of our platform.
The responsible entity is:
Snowflake Computing Netherlands B.V., FOZ Building, Gustav Mahlerlaan 300-314, 1082 ME Amsterdam, Netherlands
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in this information for data warehousing and analytics purposes, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement, with Standard Contractual Clauses, with Snowflake with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Snowflake’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.snowflake.com/legal/
and
https://www.snowflake.com/privacy-policy/
.
Communications
Calendly
ChartMogul uses Calendly to allow customers to schedule calls with our Sales and Customer Success teams.
The responsible entity is:
Calendly, LLC, BB&T Tower, 271 17th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30363, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Device and Service Data
Optional information
The analyses of your actions to schedule calls through Calendly are transferred to us in the form of reports. Calendly may give any of your information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Calendly.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective communication, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Calendly with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Calendly’s data processing and data protection at:
https://calendly.com/privacy
.
Dropbox Sign
ChartMogul uses Dropbox Sign to facilitate electronic signing of documents.
The responsible entity is:
Dropbox International Unlimited Company, One Park Place, Hatch Street Upper, Dublin 2, Ireland
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Billing Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
Other information depending on context
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in file management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Dropbox Sign with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Dropbox Sign’s data processing and data protection at:
https://assets.dropbox.com/documents/en/legal/hs-data-processing-agreement.pdf
and
https://sign.dropbox.com/about/privacy
.
Fireflies
ChartMogul uses Fireflies as an AI assistant to record and take notes during sales calls only with consent. If you do not want your call recorded, you may indicate such.
The responsible entity is:
Fireflies.ai Corp., 5424 Sunol Blvd, Ste 10-531, Pleasanton, CA 94566, United States of America
Data Processed:
Contact Data
Communications Data
Video and voice recording
Other optional information depending on context
The legal basis is your consent, which may be freely withheld or withdrawn at any time, Art. 6 1(a) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Fireflies with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Fireflies’ data processing and data protection here:
https://fireflies.ai/privacy_policy.pdf
and
https://fireflies.ai/dpa
.
Formspree
ChartMogul uses FormSpree to allow you to book demonstrations with our Sales team. The ability to submit an online form is made possible using JavaScript and cookies.
The responsible entity is:
Formspree, Inc., 309 East 21st Street, Room 3331, Austin, TX 78705, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Cookie Data
Optional information
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective communication, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Formspree with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Formspree’s data processing and data protection at:
https://formspree.io/legal/privacy-policy
.
Google Workspace
ChartMogul uses Google Workspace, including its applications for email (Gmail), calendar (Google Calendar), cloud storage (Google Drive), word processing (Google Docs), spreadsheets (Google Sheets), and AI tools (Google Gemini). ChartMogul may use Gemini as an AI assistant to record and take notes during calls only with consent. If you do not want your call recorded, you may indicate such.
The responsible entity is:
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Billing Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in communications and file management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. Where we use Gemini for recording calls, the legal basis is your consent, which may be freely withheld or withdrawn at any time, Art. 6 1(a) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Google with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Google’s data processing and data protection at:
https://policies.google.com/
.
Loom
ChartMogul uses Loom for internal presentations.
The responsible entity is:
Loom, Inc., 5214F Diamond Heights Boulevard, #3391, San Francisco, CA 94131, United States of America
The designated EU representative is:
Atlassian B.V., ℅ Atlassian, Inc., 350 Bush Street, Floor 13, San Francisco, CA 94104
The designated UK representative is:
Atlassian (UK) Operations Limited, ℅ Herbert Smith Freehills LLP, Exchange House, Primrose Street, London EC2A 2EG, United Kingdom
Data processed:
Contact Data
Other information depending on context
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective communication, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Loom with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Loom’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/data-processing-addendum#scope-and-term
.
Nylas
ChartMogul uses Nylas’ Email API product to allow ChartMogul users to connect their email accounts to our platform, display messages with threads and attachments, and send emails via the platform.
The responsible entity is:
Nylas, Inc., 944 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Communications Data, including email contents and attachments
You may be able to use OAuth scopes to control or limit what data is processed by our platform when you authenticate your account. The legal basis is our contractual obligation to provide services requested by you, Art. 6 1(b) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement, with Standard Contractual Clauses, with Nylas with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Nylas’ data processing and data protection at:
https://www.nylas.com/privacy-policy/
.
Pitch
ChartMogul uses Pitch for internal presentations, as well as externally to demonstrate our platform.
The responsible entity is:
Pitch Software GmbH, Joachimstraße 7, 10119 Berlin, Germany
Data processed:
Contact Data
Other information depending on context
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective communication, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Pitch with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Pitch’s data processing and data protection at:
https://pitch.com/dpa
.
Salesroom
ChartMogul uses Salesroom to host video calls with prospective customers, as well as to record sales and training calls in order to prepare, collaborate, and improve the sales experience, customer support, and services. Salesroom’s AI Assistant records and takes notes of meetings, and analyzes data from calls to provide follow up recommendations and insights. This may involve processing of data like your interactions. Calls are only recorded with consent, so if you do not want your call recorded, you may indicate such.
The responsible entity is:
Salesroom, Inc., 9 Kylie Lane, Natick, MA 01760, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Communications Data
Video and voice recording
Other optional information depending on context
The legal basis is your consent, which may be freely withheld or withdrawn at any time, Art. 6 1(a) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Salesroom with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Salesroom’s data processing and data protection here:
https://www.salesroom.com/terms-conditions
and
https://www.salesroom.com/privacy-policy
.
Slack
ChartMogul uses Slack as a chat tool to discuss such matters as operations, projects, support needs, and feature requests.
The responsible entity is:
Slack Technologies Limited, 4th Floor, One Park Place, Hatch Street Upper, Dublin 2, Ireland
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective communication, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement, with Standard Contractual Clauses, with Slack with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Slack’s data processing and data protection at:
https://slack.com/trust/privacy/privacy-policy
.
Typeform
ChartMogul uses Typeform to collect customer feedback in NPS surveys.
The responsible entity is:
TYPEFORM S.L., Carrer Bac de Roda, 163, 08018 Barcelona, Spain
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Optional information, including comments
The user’s responses to the survey, including service rating and comments, are submitted to Typeform’s servers and saved there when a user submits the survey.
Typeform may give this information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Typeform.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in customer feedback, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Typeform with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Typeform’s data processing and data protection here:
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt
.
Zoom
ChartMogul uses Zoom for video conferencing.
The responsible entity is:
Zoom Communications, Inc., 55 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 600, San Jose, CA 95113, United States of America
The designated EU representative is:
Lionheart Squared Ltd, 2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32, Dublin, DO2 EK84, Ireland
The designated UK representative is:
Lionheart Squared Limited, 17 Glasshouse Studios, Fryern Court Road, Fordingbridge, Hampshire, SP6 1QX, United Kingdom
Data processed:
Contact Data
Communications Data
Video and voice recording
Other optional information, depending on context
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective communication, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Zoom with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Zoom’s data processing and data protection here:
https://explore.zoom.us/en/privacy/
.
Payments
Braintree
ChartMogul uses Braintree to process payments from some of our existing customers and provide billing information to these customers.
The responsible entity is:
PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Financial Data
Billing Data
Device and Service Data
If you wish to avoid sending your data to Braintree, you can do so by not signing up for a paid ChartMogul plan. If you do so however, your ability to use ChartMogul’s services could be severely reduced.
The legal basis is performance of our contract to provide you services, Art. 6 1(b) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Braintree with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Braintree’s data processing and data protection here:
https://www.braintreepayments.com/de/legal/data-protection-addendum
and
https://www.braintreepayments.com/de/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
.
Recurly
ChartMogul uses Recurly to process payments from some of our customers and provide billing information to these customers.
The responsible entity is:
Recurly Inc., 400 Alabama St, Suite 202, San Francisco, CA 94110, United States of America
The designated EU representative is:
DP-Dock GmbH, Attn: Recurly Inc., Ballindamm 39, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
The designated UK representative is:
DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd., Attn: Recurly Inc., 16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Financial Data
Billing Data
Device and Service Data
If you wish to avoid sending your data to Recurly, you can do so by not signing up for a paid ChartMogul plan. If you do so however, your ability to use ChartMogul’s services could be severely reduced.
The legal basis is performance of our contract to provide you services, Art. 6 1(b) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Recurly with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Recurly’s data processing and data protection here:
https://recurly.com/legal/privacy
.
Stripe
ChartMogul uses Stripe to process payments from some of our existing customers and provide billing information to these customers.
The responsible entity is:
Stripe, Inc, 354 Oyster Point Boulevard, South San Francisco, CA 94080, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Financial Data
Billing Data
Device and Service Data
If you wish to avoid sending your data to Stripe, you can do so by not signing up for a paid ChartMogul plan. If you do so however, your ability to use ChartMogul’s services could be severely reduced.
The legal basis is performance of our contract to provide you services, Art. 6 1(b) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Stripe with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Stripe’s data processing and data protection here:
https://stripe.com/en-gb-de/privacy
.
Project Management
Hex
ChartMogul uses Hex for internal data visualization and analysis.
The responsible entity is:
Hex Technologies, Inc., 2261 Market Street, #4233, San Francisco, CA 94114, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analysis for business decision-making, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Hex with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Hex’s data processing and data protection at:
https://learn.hex.tech/docs/security/terms-and-conditions
.
Notion
ChartMogul uses Notion as an internal note-taking and project management tool.
The responsible entity is:
Notion Labs, Inc., 548 Market Street #74567, San Francisco, CA 94104, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in project management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Notion with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Notion’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.notion.so/Terms-and-Privacy-28ffdd083dc3473e9c2da6ec011b58ac
.
Shortcut
ChartMogul uses Shortcut to create tickets and epics in order to process and collaborate on UI development projects and product updates.
The responsible entity is:
Shortcut Software, Inc., 45 W 27th Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10001, United States of America
The designated EU representative is:
ePrivacy GmbH, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg, Germany
Data processed:
Account Data
Communications Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in project management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Shortcut with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Shortcut’s data processing and data protection at:
https://shortcut.com/privacy
.
Trello
ChartMogul uses Trello to create tickets and tasks to process and track UI development and product updates and requests.
The responsible entity is:
Atlassian Pty Ltd, ℅ Atlassian, Inc., 350 Bush Street, Floor 13, San Francisco, CA 94194, United States of America
The designated EU representative is:
Atlassian B.V., ℅ Atlassian, Inc., 350 Bush Street, Floor 13, San Francisco, CA 94104, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Communications Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in task management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Trello with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Trello’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Customer Support and Management
Brightback
ChartMogul uses Brightback, a Chargebee company, to allow certain users to self-service cancel their subscriptions.
The responsible entity is:
Chargebee, Inc., 909 Rose Avenue, Suite 610, North Bethesda, MD 20852, United States of America
Data processed:
Account Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in providing options to manage subscriptions, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement, with Standard Contractual Clauses, with Brightback with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Brightback’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.chargebee.com/privacy/dpa/
.
Jitsu
ChartMogul uses Jitsu to capture event data from various sources, including our application, website, and mobile application.
The responsible entity is:
Jistu Labs Inc., 2261 Market Street #5039 San Francisco, CA 94114, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Activity Data
Device and Service Data
Cookie Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Jitsu with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. More information about data privacy at Jitsu is available at
https://jitsu.com/privacy
and
https://jitsu.com/dpa
.
Twilio
ChartMogul uses Twilio Segment, a Customer Data Platform, to track information from our websites and application, consolidate customer data, and integrate that data with other services.
The responsible entity is:
Twilio Ireland Limited, 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, D02 R296, Ireland
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Activity Data
Device and Service Data
Cookie Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Twilio with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Twilio’s data processing and data protection here:
https://www.twilio.com/legal/data-protection-addendum
and
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
.
SimplyBook.me
ChartMogul uses SimplyBook.me to allow customers to schedule calls with our Customer Success team.
The responsible entity is:
SimplyBook.me Ltd, 21 Karaiskaki Street, Oasis Center, Office 23, 3032 Limassol, Cyprus
Data processed:
Contact Data
Other information, Device and Service Data, is submitted to SimplyBook.me when a user loads the form or a confirmation email sent by SimplyBook.me.
The analyses of your action to schedule a call through SimplyBook.me is transferred to us in the form of reports. SimplyBook.me may give any of your information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by SimplyBook.me.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective communication, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with SimplyBook.me with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about SimplyBook.me’s data processing and data protection at:
https://simplybook.me/en/policy
and
https://simplybook.me/en/legal/dpa
.
Zendesk
ChartMogul uses Zendesk for customer service and relationship management purposes. Zendesk enables us to provide support to our customers and users by offering help desk articles online and a means to contact ChartMogul (e.g. by emailing
support@chartmogul.com
or by submitting a ticket through the contact for on our website or the Zendesk Webwidget). Access to help desk articles is provided using a dedicated website, a JavaScript widget embedded on ChartMogul’s website (Zendesk Webwidget), and the use of cookies.
The responsible entity is:
Zendesk, Inc., 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States of America
Data processed:
Help Desk Articles
Information obtained via cookies and / or the JavaScript widget
Contacting ChartMogul
Contact Data
Communications Data
Other content that the user chooses to submit
The analyses of your actions with the messages sent through Zendesk are transferred to us in the form of reports. The content and metadata of your messages sent to our Customer Success team are submitted by Zendesk to ChartMogul. Zendesk may give any of your information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Zendesk.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in customer relationship management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement, with Standard Contractual Clauses, with Zendesk with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Zendesk’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
and
https://cloud4wi.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004143612-Data-Processing-Agreement-DPA
.
Marketing
Customer.io
ChartMogul uses Customer.io to send newsletters to subscribers and other gated content to users who request it.
The responsible entity is:
Peaberry Software Inc., 9450 Southwest Gemini Drive, Suite 43920, Beaverton, OR 97008-7105, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
Other information, including Device and Service Data, is submitted to Customer.io when a user loads resources embedded in, or a link contained in an email sent through Customer.io
Newsletters and other content may contain single pixel gifs, also known as web beacons. These are tiny graphic files that contain unique identifiers that enable us to recognize when subscribers and users have opened an email or clicked certain links. The analyses of your actions with the messages sent through Customer.io are transferred to us in the form of reports. Customer.io may give any of your information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Customer.io.
The legal basis is your consent to subscribe to and receive our newsletter or other gated content, Art. 6 1(a) of the GDPR. You may withdraw this consent at any time. We have concluded an agreement with Customer.io with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Customer.io’s data processing and data protection at:
https://customer.io/legal/dpa/
.
Facebook
ChartMogul has integrated Facebook into its website and uses it to advertise and track activities for analytics and marketing purposes.
The responsible entity is:
Meta Platforms, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States of America
When a data subject lives outside the United States of America or Canada, and Meta undertakes data processing, the responsible entity is:
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland
Data processed:
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
When a user clicks the Facebook button, Facebook’s website will be contacted, and user acquisition data will be transferred from ChartMogul to Facebook. Facebook will thereby receive information that the user has visited ChartMogul’s website. Details of the Facebook-supplied plugins can be accessed at:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
.
If you are logged into a Facebook account (even if it is not your own account) at the same time you access our website, Facebook will additionally receive a notification that you visited ChartMogul’s website. Facebook collects this information, so the theoretical possibility exists that it could associate it with the Facebook account. The same also applies to the “Like” button, or to the usage of Facebook comment forms; Facebook could associate this information with the logged-in Facebook account. To prevent this, you can log out of any Facebook accounts prior to visiting the ChartMogul website. To do this, you must visit the Facebook website.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Facebook with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Facebook’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum/update
and
https://facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Instagram
ChartMogul uses Instagram to advertise and track activities for analytics and marketing purposes.
The responsible entity is:
Meta Platforms, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States of America
When a data subject lives outside the United States of America or Canada, and Instagram undertakes data processing, the responsible entity is:
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland
Data processed:
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
If you are logged into an Instagram account (even if it is not your own account) at the same time you access our website, Instagram will additionally receive a notification that you visited ChartMogul’s website. Instagram collects this information, so the theoretical possibility exists that it could associate it with the Instagram account. The same also applies to the “Like” button, or to the usage of Instagram comment forms; Instagram could associate this information with the logged-in Instagram account. To prevent this, you can log out of any Instagram accounts prior to visiting the ChartMogul website. To do this, you must visit the Instagram website.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Instagram with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Instagram’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum/update
and
https://facebook.com/about/privacy
.
IPAPI
ChartMogul uses IPAPI to determine location by IP address for analytics and marketing purposes.
The responsible entity is:
Kloudend, Inc., 1887 Whitney Mesa Drive, #4080, Henderson, NV 89014, United States of America
Data processed:
Device and Service Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with IPAPI with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about IPAPI’s data processing and data protection at:
https://ipapi.co/privacy/
.
LinkedIn
ChartMogul uses LinkedIn to source candidates for open positions. ChartMogul also uses LinkedIn on our website to advertise and track activities for analytics and marketing purposes.
The responsible entity is:
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland
Data processed:
Contact Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
If you are logged into a LinkedIn account (even if it is not your own account) at the same time that you access the ChartMogul website, LinkedIn will additionally receive a notification that you visited our website. LinkedIn collects this information, so the theoretical possibility exists that it could associate it with the LinkedIn account. To prevent this, you can log out of any LinkedIn accounts prior to visiting our website. To do this, you must visit the LinkedIn website.
LinkedIn processes data to provide analytics services that allow ChartMogul to understand how individuals interact with our pages and content. We are jointly responsible with LinkedIn for the processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with LinkedIn with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and provides that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects. You can find further information about LinkedIn’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
and
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
.
Luma
ChartMogul uses Luma for event management (e.g. to create registration pages and send invitations).
The responsible entity is:
Luma Labs, Inc., 548 Market St PMB 36143, San Francisco California 94104, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in event management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with Luma with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Luma’s data processing and data protection at:
https://lu.ma/dpa
.
X
ChartMogul uses X to track activities for analytics and marketing purposes.
The responsible entity is:
X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States of America
For EEA and UK residents, the representative is:
Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland
Data processed:
Cookie Data
Device and Service Data
Activity Data
When a user clicks the X button, X will be contacted, and user acquisition data will be transferred from ChartMogul to X. X will thereby receive information that the user has visited ChartMogul’s website.
If you are logged into an X account (even if it is not your own account) at the same time you access our website, X will additionally receive a notification that you visited ChartMogul’s website. X collects this information, so the theoretical possibility exists that it could associate it with the X account. To prevent this, you can log out of any X accounts prior to visiting the ChartMogul website. To do this, you must visit the X website.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with X with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about X’s data processing and data protection at:
https://privacy.x.com/en/for-our-partners/global-dpa
and
https://x.com/en/privacy
.
Enrichment
OpenAI
ChartMogul uses OpenAI internally to send publicly available information of customers and leads, such as company name and domain, to classify the company for further analysis. Customers can also purchase such customer and lead enrichment services from ChartMogul.
The responsible entity is:
OpenAI, L.L.C., 3180 18th Street, San Francisco, CA 94110, United States of America
For EEA residents, the representative is:
OpenAI Ireland Limited, 1st Floor, The Liffey Trust Centre, 117-126 Sheriff Street Upper, Dublin 1, D01 YC43, Ireland
For UK residents, the representative is:
OpenAI OpCo, LLC, 1960 Bryant Street, San Francisco, CA 94110, United States
Data processed:
Contact Data
The legal basis for our internal use is our legitimate interest in analyzing our customer base, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. The legal basis for our customers who utilize these services is performance of our contract to provide services, Art. 6 1(b) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with OpenAI with regard to the processing of data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about OpenAI’s data processing and data protection at:
https://openai.com/policies/row-privacy-policy/
and
https://openai.com/policies/data-processing-addendum/
.
Analytics
Google AdSense
ChartMogul uses Google AdSense, a service provided by Google Inc, to advertise to previous visitors of our website and to track the effectiveness of these ads. The display of ads and measurement of their effectiveness is made possible through the use of cookies and clear gifs.
The responsible entity is:
Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States of America
Data processed:
Cookie Data
Activity Data
The analyses of your actions on our website are transferred to us in the form of reports. Google may give this information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Google.
You may opt-out of targeted advertising through Google AdSense by visiting:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics and advertising, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Google AdSense with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Google’s data processing and data protection at:
https://policies.google.com/
.
Google Analytics
ChartMogul uses Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Inc, to analyze website access and improve our website. The analysis of your use of our website is made possible through the use of cookies. The Google tracking on our website uses the “anonymizeIp()” function, which truncates the transmitted IP addresses so as to prevent the direct identification of any individual users.
The responsible entity is:
Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States of America
Data processed:
Cookie Data
Activity Data
The analyses of your actions on our website are transferred to us in the form of reports. Google may give this information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Google.
You can stop the placement of Google Analytics cookies on your computer through the settings of your web browser. If you do so, we cannot guarantee that all the functions of our website will be fully available to you. You may also stop the placement of cookies with browser extensions, such as:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in analytics, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Google Analytics with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Google’s data processing and data protection at:
https://policies.google.com/
and
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/
.
Workflow Management
Zapier
ChartMogul uses Zapier to connect and share data between multiple web services used by ChartMogul.
The responsible entity is:
Zapier, Inc., 548 Market Street #62411, San Francisco, CA 94104, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
Account Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
Activity Data
Any information, including personally identifiable information, collected by any other service listed in this policy, may be submitted to Zapier’s servers, located in the United States of America, and saved there when a user takes an action that results in the submission of information to the original service. Zapier may give this information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Zapier.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in effective data management, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement, with Standard Contractual Clauses, with Zapier with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You may find further information about Zapier’s data processing and data protection here:
https://zapier.com/privacy/
.
Recruitment and Job Applications
Wellfound
ChartMogul uses Wellfound to source candidates for job openings.
The responsible entity is:
AL Talent, Inc., 228 Park Avenue South, PMB 40533, New York, NY, 10003-1502, United States of America
The designated EEA representative is:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co. KG, ℅ Wellfound, Schellinggasse 3/10, 1010 Vienna, Austria
The designated UK representative is:
Wellfound Ltd, 2nd Floor, White Bear Yard, Clerkenwell Road, London, UK EC1R 5DF
Data processed:
Contact Data
Professional Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in recruitment, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Wellfound with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Wellfound’s data processing and data protection at:
https://wellfound.com/privacy
and
https://wellfound.com/pdf/Wellfound_DPA_for_Data_Controllers.pdf
.
LinkedIn
ChartMogul uses LinkedIn to source candidates for open positions. ChartMogul also uses LinkedIn on our website to track activities for analytics and marketing purposes.
The responsible entity for LinkedIn is:
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland
Data processed:
Contact Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
Activity Data
If you are logged into a LinkedIn account (even if it is not your own account) at the same time that you access the ChartMogul website, LinkedIn will additionally receive a notification that you visited our website. LinkedIn collects this information, so the theoretical possibility exists that it could associate it with the LinkedIn account. To prevent this, you can log out of any LinkedIn accounts prior to visiting our website. To do this, you must visit the LinkedIn website.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in recruitment Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with LinkedIn with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about LinkedIn’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
and
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa
.
Lusha
ChartMogul uses Lusha to gather email addresses for recruitment purposes.
The responsible entity is:
Lusha Systems, Inc., 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10036, United States of America
Data processed:
Contact Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in recruitment, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Lusha with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Lusha’s data processing and data protection at:
https://www.lusha.com/legal/dpa-2-2/
.
Recruitee
ChartMogul uses Recruitee to advertise open positions at ChartMogul, receive applications to these positions, and manage and optimize the application process. The hosting of job description and the application form is made possible through the use of JavaScript and cookies.
The responsible entity is:
Recruitee B.V., Keizersgracht 313, 1016 EE Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Data processed:
Contact Data
Professional Data
Communications Data
Cookie Data
The analyses of your actions on our Career website are transferred to us in the form of reports. Recruitee may give this information to further parties where legally required to do so, or as contracted by Recruitee.
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in recruitment, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. We have concluded an agreement with Recruitee with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR. You can find further information about Recruitee’s data processing and data protection at: <https://recruitee.com/privacy-policy.
Rocketreach
ChartMogul uses Rocketreach to gather email addresses for recruitment purposes.
The responsible entity is:
Rocketreach, 800 Bellevue Way NE, Floor 5, Unit 110, Bellevue, WA 98004, United States of America
The designated EEA representative is:
DataRep, The Cube, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of Ireland
The designated UK representative is:
DataRep, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London, United Kingdom
Data processed:
Contact Data
The legal basis is our legitimate interest in recruitment, Art. 6 1(f) of the GDPR. Rocketreach provides publicly available information only. You can find further information about Rocketreach’s data processing and data protection at:
https://rocketreach.co/privacy
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
ChartMogul reserves the right to update this policy from time to time without notice. Any changes are effective when we post the updated policy on our website. We recommend that you regularly check back. We may provide you with notices about changes to this policy if you are a registered user of the ChartMogul application.
Contact
Should you have further questions, or wish to contact us, you can do so through our website at
https://www.chartmogul.com
. When you do so, the data required to answer your query will be automatically saved and processed. Your data will not be transferred to third parties unless ChartMogul has a lawful ground to do so.
Updated:
February 3, 2025
Sub-policy 3
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 4
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the 'Accept All' button to agree to the use of cookies or click 'Cookie Settings' to manage your preferences. To opt out of non-essential cookies, click 'Reject All'.
Cookie Notice
Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
Privacy Preference Center
Zendesk uses web cookies to collect information about you when you visit our Site. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. At Zendesk, we may use this information for purposes that include ensuring basic functionality of our Sites; remembering user preferences, including your cookie preferences; measuring the effectiveness of our Sites, marketing campaigns, and email communications; and personalizing online content.
Please review the different category headings below to learn more and adjust the cookie settings on your current device. Please note that you will need to ensure that each web browser is adjusted to reflect your preferences if you use different computers or mobile devices.
For more information about how Zendesk uses web cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
Essential cookies enable core site functionality. These cookies are necessary for the Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You may set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but parts of the website may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. These cookies may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Targeting cookies, such as social media cookies, may be set through our Site by our advertising service providers, third-party advertisers, ad networks, or data exchange partners. These cookies may be used to show you relevant advertising on other third-party sites.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3113769 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.