PRIVACY POLICY
What type of information do you collect?
We receive, collect and store any information you enter on our website or provide us in any other way. In addition, we collect the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information and purchase history. We may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page. We also collect personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, communications); payment details (including credit card information), comments, feedback, product reviews, recommendations, and personal profile.
How do you collect information?
When you conduct a transaction on our website or the SimplePrints app on iOS, Mac, and Android, as part of the process, we collect personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. Your personal information will be used for the specific reasons stated above only.
Why do you collect such personal information?
We collect such Non-personal and Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide and operate the Services;
To provide our Users with ongoing customer assistance and technical support;
To be able to contact our Visitors and Users with general or personalized service-related notices and promotional messages;
To create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated and/or inferred Non-personal Information, which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services;
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations.
How do you store, use, share and disclose your site visitors' personal information?
The simpleprints.com website is hosted on the Wix.com platform. Data collected from your use of simpleprints.com may be stored through Wix.com’s data storage, databases and the general Wix.com applications. They store your data on secure servers behind a firewall.
We process payments via Stripe, a leading payment processor. When you make payments for SimplePrints products and services, Stripe will receive your transaction information. Depending on how the Stripe User implements our Services, we may receive this information directly from you, or from the Stripe User or third parties. The information that we collect will include payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, or bank account information), purchase amount, date of purchase, and payment method. Different payment methods may require the collection of different categories of information. The Stripe User will determine the payment methods that it enables you to use, and the payment method information that we collect will depend upon the payment method that you choose to use from the list of available payment methods that are offered to you by the Stripe User. When you make a transaction, we may also receive your name, email, billing or shipping address and in some cases your transaction history to authenticate you.
​
When Stripe conducts fraud monitoring, prevention, detection, and financial compliance activities or provide such services to SimplePrints customers, we will receive Personal Data from you (and your device) and about you through our Service and from our business partners, financial service providers, identity verification services, and publicly available sources (e.g., name, address, phone number, country), as necessary to confirm your identity and prevent fraud. Our fraud monitoring, detection and prevention services may collect Personal Data about you and use technology to help us assess the risk associated with an attempted transaction by you with a Stripe User.
How do you communicate with your app users and site visitors?
We may contact you to notify you regarding your account, to troubleshoot problems with your account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, to send updates about our company, or as otherwise necessary to contact you to enforce our User Agreement, applicable national laws, and any agreement we may have with you. For these purposes we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail.
How do you use cookies and other tracking tools?
Like most websites, our websites use cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smartphones or tablets) as you browse our websites. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. They allow us to remember whether you are logged in to the site and what items you had in your shopping basket. Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.
​
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access our websites via the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website. All data passed by cookies is anonymous and will never contain individual detail such as your name, address, telephone number or payment information but may contain our customer reference number that is unique to you. For more detailed information about how cookies work, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org.
​
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our websites are designed by:
Third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and
Third parties who publish web banner advertisements for us.
​
Cookies are used with our marketing partners to present you with appropriate offers and advertising as you browse other sites on the internet, based on your browsing activity while on our site. Cookies also allow us to work alongside our web analytics partner, Google Analytics, to see how you like to use our website, which pages or special functions you prefer and help us to make them better. We may match the data we capture through cookies with personal data that we already hold about you to better understand you. This helps us to continually improve the relevance of our promotional communications, your shopping experience and our products and services. The main purposes for which cookies are used are:
For functional purposes essential to effective operation of our websites, particularly in relation to online transactions, site navigation and preferences.
For marketing and advertising, particularly web banner advertisements and targeted updates through digital channels and social media.
To enable us to collect information about your browsing and shopping behaviour, helping us to improve your shopping experience and to monitor performance.
To enable us to meet our contractual obligations to make payments to third parties when a product is purchased by someone who has visited our website from a site operated by those parties.
​
We work with partners who serve advertisements or present online offers on our behalf. Most of these marketing partners use both session and persistent cookies. These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. All data collected by third party cookies is anonymous and will never contain your name, address, telephone number, email address or payment details.
​
There are two types of cookie that may be used during your visit to our site:
Session cookies: Session cookies are deleted after each visit to our site. For example, when you are browsing our site, it will remember you for the duration of your visit, but the cookie will be removed from your computer as soon as you close down your internet browser. Session cookies allow you to add an item to the basket and then move through the checkout. Disallowing these cookies via your web browser will mean you are unable to place an order on this site.
Persistent cookies: Persistent cookies remember you for a set period of time, allowing wishlist and/or previously viewed products to be displayed the next time you visit our site and whether you were logged into your account.
​
Most web browsers will provide the option to turn off or disallow cookies. How you do this depends on the web browser you are using. Instructions for disallowing cookies can usually be found in the browser's 'Help' menu. Note that in common with most other transactional websites, if you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our websites but refusing the cookies we have used via your web browser will mean that you are unable to make a transactional purchase on our website. You may also find that the functionality of many other websites and services will be affected. Cookies can be deleted using your web browser. However, unless they are disallowed they will be re-applied the next time you visit a website.
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
How can your site visitors withdraw their consent?
If you don’t want us to process your data anymore, please contact us at
hello@simpleprints.com
or send us mail to: Storytree, Inc., 1040 Noel Drive, Suite 209, Menlo Park, CA 94025.
Privacy policy updates
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Questions and your contact information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, you are invited to contact us at
hello@simpleprints.com
or send us mail to: Storytree, Inc., 1040 Noel Drive, Suite 209, Menlo Park, CA 94025.