WiFi Map – Privacy Policy
Updated: Sep 23, 2024
Interest Based Ad Disclosure
Precise Location Disclosure
About ads
WiFi Map LLC (“WiFi Map” or “we”) collects information about you when you install and use our mobile application (“App”) or visiting and using any WiFi Map website (”Website”) (
wifimap.io
) and through other interactions and communications you have with us. This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to persons anywhere in the world who use our App or Website or otherwise interact or communicate with us (each such person, a “User” or “you”). If at any time you disagree with this Policy, you must refrain from installing our App, or, if you have already installed our App, refrain from using it and delete it. By installing or using our App or visiting or using our Website you consent to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Policy.
The primary function of our App and Website is crowdsourcing from our Users information about WiFi hotspots and making that information available to our Users to help them find and access hotspots.
Accordingly, we collect the geographical locations of hotspots, along with the names and addresses of the venues in which they are located. For each hotspot, we collect its router IP (remote IP) address, BSSID, SSID, password rotection status and, as applicable, password. By uploading the password for a hotspot through our App, you represent and warrant to us that you are the owner of the hotspot, or have been authorized by the owner of the hotspot to upload the password through our App. If you are not the owner of a hotspot, and have not been authorized by the owner of that hotspot to upload the password through our App, you must not upload the password for that hotspot. We also collect information about WiFi signal strength, horizontal and vertical accuracy, speed test information, captive portal mode and the times at which your mobile device is connected to a particular hotspot.
We use AppMetrics and Firebase to measure things such as the rate of requests, counting the number of user logins over time.
The hotspot data that we collect is made available to our other Users through our Apps.
We also collect information about Users and their mobile devices and networks. When you install our App, and as you use our App, we collect (a) your email address, (b) your Google, Facebook or other social networking profile, to the extent available, (c) your age range, (d) your country, language and time zone, (e) the make, model, operating system, resolution, device ID, advertisement ID and, if applicable, MAC address of your mobile device, (f) the name of your mobile carrier and speed test information about the performance of your mobile network and (g) the other applications installed on your mobile device. While our App is installed on your mobile device, whether or not you are using our App, we regularly track your precise geographical location. As you use our App, we collect your search queries, including cities and venues that you search for.
All User payments for the pay version of our App are handled through the portal established by the publisher of the operating system for the User’s mobile device (iOS App Store, Google Play, etc.) and we do not receive, process or store Users’ credit card information or other User payment information.
Most mobile platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of device data that apps cannot access without your consent, and have various permission systems for obtaining your consent. The iOS platform will alert you the first time our App wants permission to access certain types of data and will let you consent (or not consent) to that request. Android devices will notify you of the permissions that our App seeks before you first use the App, and by using the App you consent to those permissions.
Cookies, Pixels and Local Storage
We may collect information from our Website using cookies which are small data files stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience when using the Website or App.
We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device, which are used only by us to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits any site or application that is party of the Services; and (2) third party cookies, which are served by service providers on sites or applications and can be used by such service providers to recognize your computer or mobile device when it visits other websites.
The Services use the following types of cookies for the purposes set out below:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
: These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through the Website and to enable you to use some of its features. For example, they allow you to log in to secure areas of the sites or applications and help the content of the pages you request load quickly. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
Functionality Cookies
:
These cookies allow the Website or the App to remember choices you make when you use a site or App, such as remembering your language preferences, remembering your login details and remembering the changes you make to other parts of your account or preferences. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you use the Website or App.
Performance Cookies
*:*** These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to the services and how users use the services. The information gathered does not identify any individual visitor.  The information is aggregated and anonymous. It includes the number of visitors to, the websites that referred them, the pages visited, what time of day they visited, whether they have visited before, and other similar information. We use this information to help operate the services more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on our services.
We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics uses its own cookies. It is only used to improve how the services work. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies
You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Targeting Cookies / Advertising Cookies:
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisations.
We may also use pixel tags (which are also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) on the Services to track the actions of users on our sites and applications. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages. Pixel tags measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the services, so that we can manage our content more effectively. The information we collect using pixel tags is not linked to our users personal data
We may use the information we collect to:
provide, maintain and improve our services, develop new features and send product updates and administrative messages;
perform internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing and research;
send you, or recommend, advertisements and other communications we think will be of interest to you and otherwise personalize our services.
To opt out of our use of the personal information that we collect about you for advertising purposes, please contact us at support@wifimap.io with a request that we not use your personal information for advertising purposes, and we will honor that request.
We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 unless or except as permitted by law. BY INSTALLING OR USING OUR APP, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO US THAT YOU ARE 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER. If we are made aware that we have received personally identifiable information from someone under 13, we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
We may transfer the information we collect to, and process and store it in, the United States and other countries, some of which may have less protective data protection laws than the region in which you reside. We also may transfer information to vendors, consultants, marketing partners and other service providers who need access to
We may share the information we collect, including WiFi hotspot information and user information and including personally identifiable information, with third parties under licensing or other arrangements. Those third parties may use that information for research and commercial purposes, including advertising and mobile network and hotspot performance testing. Without limiting the generality of this paragraph, additional information about our sharing of information with certain third-party partners are set out below.
We also may share the information we collect:
User Consent for displaying personal info in Leaderboard;
all registered users of our app accumulate app points for their participation via adding and updating WiFi Hotspots. Once you accumulate enough points to be included in our Leaderboard, we will display your User Name and the associated number of points in Global and Local Leaderboard section. If you do not want your user name to be displayed please email us at support@wifimap.io and we will remove your name from the Leaderboard. Otherwise, you are giving your consent to us display your user name on WiFi Map Leaderboard;
with our affiliates for development, data processing, storage and logistics purposes;
in response to a request for information by a competent authority if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;
with law enforcement officials, governmental authorities or other third parties if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our terms of use or policies, or to protect the rights, property or safety of WiFi Map or others;
in connection with, or during the negotiations of, any merger, sale of assets, consolidation, restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business;
if we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing;
in an aggregated or anonymized form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Your username, profile picture, and any contributions you make—such as WiFi hotspots, public toilets, drinking water fountains, ATMs, or other points of interest, along with any photos or reviews—are visible to everyone on the platform. These contributions can be seen on the map, in the details of the added places, in your profile, and in the live activity feed. This visibility supports our commitment to transparency and community sharing. If you’re concerned about privacy, you can use a pseudonym or an avatar instead of your real name and photo. Remember that everything you contribute, including your chosen name, profile picture, and added places, photos, or reviews, will be visible to all users.
Information we collect and interest-based advertising
WiFi Map LLC adheres to the DAA Principles. We and our third-party partners also collect information about Users and their mobile devices and networks, including for purposes such as interest-based advertising. When you install our App, and as you use our App, we and our third-party partners collect (a) your email address, (b) your Google, Facebook or other social networking profile, to the extent available, (c) your age range, (d) your country, language and time zone, (e) the make, model, operating system, resolution, device ID, advertisement ID and, if applicable, MAC address of your mobile device, (f) the name of your mobile carrier and speed test information about the performance of your mobile network and (g) the other applications installed on your mobile device. While our App is installed on your mobile device, whether or not you are using our App, we regularly track your precise geographical location. As you use our App, we collect your search queries, including cities and venues that you search for.
All User payments for the pay version of our App are handled through the portal established by the publisher of the operating system for the User’s mobile device (iOS App Store, Google Play, etc.) and we do not receive, process or store Users’ credit card information or other User payment information.
Most mobile platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of device data that apps cannot access without your consent, and have various permission systems for obtaining your consent. The iOS platform will alert you the first time our App wants permission to access certain types of data and will let you consent (or not consent) to that request. Android devices will notify you of the permissions that our App seeks before you first use the App, and by using the App you consent to those permissions.
We and our third-party partners may use the information we collect to:
provide, maintain and improve our services, develop new features and send product updates and administrative messages;
perform internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing and research;
send you, or recommend, advertisements and other communications we think will be of interest to you and otherwise personalize our services, also known as interest-based advertising.
To opt out of interest-based advertising, please see the following instructions on using your device settings to opt out:
iOS/Apple:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
Android/Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Please note that if you opt out of Interest-Based Advertising, you may continue to receive contextual ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of the Product you are using.
We may share the information we collect, including WiFi hotspot information, precise location data, and user information and including personally identifiable information, with third parties under licensing or other arrangements. Those third parties may use that information for research and commercial purposes, including interest-based advertising and mobile network and hotspot performance testing.
Your mobile device may allow you to opt out of the collection of Precise Location Data by the Third Party Advertiser in the Product, as further described below.
iOS (iOS 8 or later) – In order to disable the collection of Precise Location Data on iOS, you may turn Location Services off for the applicable Product via the menu “Settings > Privacy > Location Services”. Then select the applicable Product and set the “Share My Location” status to “Never”. Please see additional information from Apple here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
.
Android (6.0 / Marshmallow and higher) – In order to disable the collection of Precise Location Data on Android, you may turn Location off for the applicable Product via the menu “Settings > Apps > [applicable Product] > Permissions > Location”. Then turn off the “Location” button.
When You Use Our VPN Service
We only keep the following data associated with your account:
Total amount of bytes transferred in a 30 day period.
Timestamp of your last activity on our VPN network.
This data is used to enforce free tier limitations, prevent abuse and weed out inactive accounts.
The following data is NOT stored:
Source IP
Sites you visited
Historical record of VPN sessions
When You Are Actively Connected to a Server
For the duration of your connection the following is stored in server’s memory.
This data is immediately discarded when you disconnect:
OpenVPN/IKEv2 username
Time of connection
Amount of data transferred
The following data is stored in a central location:
Number of parallel connections at any given time to prevent rampant abuse and account sharing.A counter is incremented that stores the total number of bytes downloaded/uploaded in a 30 day period.Anything that is not mentioned above is not stored.
Anything that is not mentioned above is not stored.
Our bespoke system eliminates the need to store data entirely. This data resides only in server’s memory while you’re connected, and is immediately discarded by the VPN server when you disconnect. Since it doesn’t get logged into a permanent database, there is nothing to delete.
When You Sign Up
We only require a username and password when you sign up to our service. Email can be provided if you wish to be able to recover your password in case you forget it, as well as receive periodic service updates.
Deleting your information
If you want us to delete your Account, please use the “Delete Account” function available in WiFi Map app.
You can also send us an email to support@wifimap.io with subject: Delete My Account
WiFi Map will use reasonable efforts to delete such information, however please note that information may not be deleted immediately from our systems. This process generally takes around 4 weeks from the time of request.
User Data Requests
Since we store the bare minimum for a customer to actually use our service, any request for user data would yield nothing of value. As we do not store any historical logs on who used which IP address, and since IPs are shared by dozens/hundreds of people at any given moment, so we cannot tie any activity to a specific account.
We may change this Policy from time to time by posting an updated version of this Policy on our website or through our App. Your continued use of our App after any such update will constitute your consent to the changes. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support