We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1470 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
×
Username or email address
Password
Forgot?
Remember me
or
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Facebook
Don't you have an account?
Create one here!
×
Image or video
Click to select a file or drop it here
Tap here to select an image or video file
Title
Tags
Language
English
Spanish
French
Italian
Portuguese
Awww yeah! Your meme was successfully uploaded and it is now in moderation.
It will be published if it complies with the
content rules
and our moderators approve it.
Show:
All
0
Memes
0
Subscriptions
0
Comments
0
Social
0
Would you like to receive notifications from Memedroid?
Remember my decision
Sign In
Upload
Meme
Latest
Trending
Top
Day
Week
Month
Ever
Random
Subscriptions
Favorites
Moderate
My Uploads
Chat
Ranking
Blog
Latest
Trending
Top
Random
Subscriptions
About Memedroid
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Rules
Contact
What information do we collect?
We may collect information from you when you visit our website, use our app, create a user account in Memedroid or contact us through our contact form.
When you use Memedroid:
When you visit our website or use our apps we may collect your
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address
or other unique
device identifier(s)
for any device (mobile phone, laptop, etc) that you use to do it, such as an
Advertising ID
that can be used to show you relevant ads. A Device Identifier is a number that can be randomly assigned to your device or received from it when you visit our site or use our app and can be used to identify your device. In addition, we may estimate your device's physical location and other network information by using your IP address when you visit our site or use our app.
In addition, we use
cookies
that are stored in your browser when you visit our website (more details below).
When you create a user account:
When creating a user account on our site or app you may be asked to enter your
e-mail address, a password and a username
. We may also collect your
Facebook ID
if you decide to register or sign in using your Facebook account. You may however visit or use Memedroid anonymously, although some of the features require user registration.
When you contact us:
We collect your
IP address
,
email address
and the
name
you provide us with when contacting us through our
contact form
.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your device's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, to get anonymous usage statistics and for advertising purposes.
Mostly all major web browsers provide you with features to configure, clear or disable cookies. Generally this can be easily done in the settings menu, but the procedure may vary among browsers. You can remove the cookies from Memedroid whenever you want, but please note that you may have to sign in when you visit the site again because we use cookies to keep you logged in. Except for that everything else will work just fine.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our website and app
(we continually strive to improve our website/app offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
size-14 white bold
For data analytics
to measure the performance and functioning of Memedroid.
For security purposes and access control.
To show you relevant and personalized ads.
Who manages your information here?
Memedroid is managed by Coinbench, a company based in The Netherlands.
For how long do we keep your information?
Unless otherwise requested by you we may keep some of the collected information indefinitely, while other data is deleted when it expires after some inactivity time.
Your information is yours.
The GDPR gives EU individuals rights to their personal data. Whether you are a EU citizen or not we believe you deserve the right to:
Request access to the data we store about you.
Request updates/changes to your personal data.
Request the deletion of your personal data.
Request we limit our collection and use of your personal data.
If you have any request related with your information and your rights above please
contact us
.
How to remove your user account?
Although we'd be sad to see you leave you can delete your Memedroid account when you want. Just
submit an account deletion request from your account settings
menu. Please note that you may need to log in at our site first.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. For example we use HTTPS to transfer your information and we encrypt sensitive data like passwords before storing it.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and to comply with the privacy laws and regulations. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
This is a list of the
trusted parnerts
we may share your information with, as long as they agree to keep it confidential and to comply with the privacy laws and regulations. You can click on each one of them to review their privacy policies:
Google Analytics
Google Admob
Google Ads
Other Google services
Facebook
Amazon Ads
Tappx
Sendgrid
Smaato
Freestar
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and app at
www.memedroid.com/tos
Your Consent
By using our site and/or app, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at
www.memedroid.com/contact
Newsdroid
2025
March
Trump
Zelensky
Elon Musk
Teacher
International Women's Day
Pi Day
St Patrick's Day
JD Vance
Ides Of March
Time Change
Wednesday
Newsdroid
Cat
Dog
Wholesome
Gaming
Lotr
Trump
Dark Humor
Car
Star Wars
Follow Memedroid on social media!
Get the App!
Free