Privacy Policy
Information for individuals who are or were users of the Shell Recharge website, using the Shell Recharge App or using services and/or purchasing products from Shell Recharge Solutions
Privacy Notice - Shell Recharge
This notice sets out what personal data we collect, for what purposes and your rights in this respect.
What does this Privacy Policy cover
This notice sets out what personal data we collect, for what purposes and your rights in this respect.
This privacy policy provides you with information on the processing of your personal data when visiting the Shell Recharge website, using the Shell Recharge App or using services and/or purchasing products from Shell Recharge Solutions. Shell EV Charging Solutions B.V. (hereafter “
Shell Recharge Solutions
”) markets and trades under the Shell Recharge brand. Please note that you when using Shell Recharge products and services you are entering into a relationship with Shell Recharge Solutions which is a member of the Shell Group of companies.
This privacy policy explains, amongst other things, what personal data we process, for which purposes we process your personal data, for how long we hold your personal data for; how to access and update your personal data and where to go for further information or to lodge a complaint. As well as this Privacy Policy, bespoke privacy notices and supplementary privacy statements may contain further information about how Shell is processing your personal data. These privacy notices may vary among the countries in which we operate to reflect local practices and applicable law requirements.
If personal data of children is gathered this requires consent of the parent or guardian.
Special Notice - Processing children’s personal data
If personal data of children is gathered this requires consent of the parent or guardian.
We do not intentionally collect personal data of individuals of those who are under 16 years old. Except in those cases where we organize educational events specifically designed for those under 16 years old. If you are under 16 years old (or a different age to reflect local legal requirement for minors) please do not send us your personal data.
Given that our products and services relate to driving, we assume you are over 16 years old. If you wish to contact us in a way which requires you to submit your personal data (such as for educational or innovation events) please ask your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.
This section describes the different sources from which we collect your personal data.
Who is responsible for any personal data collected
Shell EV Charging Solutions B.V.
Rigakade 20
1013 BC Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Tel: +44 (0)20 3868 1036
Email:
privacy-eu@shellrecharge.com
Website
We only process your personal data where we have a lawful basis to do so.
What personal data do we process
The categories of personal data we process.
We collect personal data about you, as a Shell Recharge customer, user of our app and/or visitor to our website and social media pages. Please find the type of interaction you have with use to learn more about what personal data we process. For your convenience we have divided the interactions across 5 types: Charge Card users, Charge Point Purchasers, Charge Point users, website and app users and direct interactions.
1. Charge card users
: refers to every person that uses a charge card or charge token offered by or powered by us to obtain access to a charge point. Charge card users interact with us by means of registration and use of the charge card.
Registration: when you register a charge card with us, we collect your name, email address, charge card number, home address, phone number, payment details including bank account details or credit card details, and whether you opt for public charging. In case the charge card is provided to you by a 3rd party (such as a lease company, a fuel card provider or your employer) and/or a party which pays for the use of your charge card, said 3rd party has registered this charge card on your behalf, sharing your charge card number with us. In addition, depending on whether you are an existing customer and based on your transaction history, we may request additional information for purposes of establishing your identity.
Use of a charge card: when you use a charge card on a point operated by and connected to our charge points we additionally (to the registration data) collect your charge session details which are your charge card number, start/stop times, your electricity use, charge point ID, location of the charge point used. The same applies when you scan a QR code on a charge point and opt for downloading an app to create your account, in which case we only not will have a charge card number. When you use any other charge point, thus not operated by us but made accessible to you with a charge card we will only receive the charge session details listed in combination with your card number from the charge point operator. This enables us to identify you and invoice you for the charge session. If the charge card is provided to you by a 3rd party who pays for your use of the charge card, we share the charge session details listed with this party for billing and settlement purposes.
2. Charge point purchases
: when you buy one of our charge points, for billing, debt collection and installation purposes we will collect your name, home and/or installation address, email address, phone number and payment details. We share your name, contact details and installation address to schedule an appointment directly with you with transportation, installation and maintenance service companies.
3. Charge point users:
Registration: before you can start using a charge point, we request you to register it in your account and we collect your name, email address, home and/or installation address, phone number, charge point number/ID and payment details.
EV lease drivers: lease drivers do not purchase a charge point but do have one installed at their home address. In order to facilitate the process, you provide us with your name, contact details and car type. We collect this data during the registration process for your charge point preferences and the specific home and fuse box details needed for the installation. We share your name, contact details and installation address to schedule an appointment directly with you with transportation, installation and maintenance service companies.
Ad hoc charging: when you scan a QR code displayed on a charge point to enable you to do ad hoc charge two options are presented to you. You can opt for charging with direct payment, in which case we only request you to provide us with your credit card details and we will only store the last four digits of your credit card number, the expiry data and the security code. Please note that a 3rd party payment provider will process your payment. The second option would be to download an app and create an account. The data collected will be the same as mentioned at Registration and all personal data is stored in an encrypted manner.
With charge card of another e-mobility service provider: when you use one of our charge points with a charge card or token not offered by or powered by us we will only collect your charge card ID (thus not your name), start/stop times, your electricity use, charge point ID and location. This charge session data will be shared to us with your charge card provider for billing and settlement purposes.
Smart charging: when you are in the possession of a connected charge point at your home than you are presented with functionalities and settings. First of all, we collect the data you provided when registering your account. When you opt for reimbursement, we additionally collect data regarding the electricity rates of your utility company as provided by you to reimburse you for the energy costs related to charging at home. We will also allow you to provide supporting information on your energy rate. This will be shared with your lease company or employer for the purpose of validating the energy rates. The lease company and/or your employer will be invoiced for the costs of your charging sessions at home showing your charge card number, start/stop times, your electricity use, charge point ID, location of the charge point used, this invoice will also show your use of your charge card when public charging is activated. When you opt for guest usage by which you enable other ev-drivers to use your charge point we collect the settings you chose. This can be paid guest usage by which you add a charging tariff or free guest usage. The setting of paid guest usages also allows you to create a group of charge point users in the possession of a charge card to charge at your charge point for free by adding the charge card numbers of these persons to your account. When you publish your charge point, we will make the location and tariff settings of your charge point visible in our charge map in the Shell Recharge app. Upon request of grid operating companies, we might collect the power usages of your charge point at certain moments and share it with the grid operating companies on an anonymous and aggregated level for grid balancing purposes.
4. Website/App Users:
General: if you use our applications for mobile devices, we may collect your location data (with your consent) in order to make it possible for you to use the navigation option, to receive charging notifications or to enable you to notify us about faults. Besides this your mobile device will automatically share certain data with us because the device interacts with the app. When you use the app, you create an account for which we collect the data mentioned with “charge card use, registration” and “charge point user”.
Exchanges by device: when you visit our websites, data is automatically collected by the technology platforms providing the experience. For example, your web browser or mobile device may share certain data with us because those devices interact with our website. This data includes device ID, network access, storage information and battery information, cookies, ip-addresses, referrer headers, data identifying your web browser and version and web beacons and tags.
Other applications: We are continuously striving to offer the best and smartest charging solutions. To avoid an ongoing update of this privacy policy we also use application specific privacy policies. You will be informed on these privacy policies before said applications collect your personal data. As mentioned in the application specific privacy policies this privacy policy will form an integral part of the application specific privacy policies.
5. Direct Interactions:
Newsletter and publications: if subscribed, we will collect your name and contact information and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Communications concerning our own products or services: we may send communications concerning our own products and services to our customers. You can unsubscribe from such communications at any time.
Campaign or competition: if you choose to participate in a campaign or competition, we ask for the necessary personal data required. This is to ensure we can operate it, announce winner(s) and to gauge the response to any marketing and to provide you with ongoing marketing offers if you have agreed to receive these as part of your participation.
Job applicants: If you respond to a vacancy on our website, we ask for your details, including your resume. We use these details to evaluate your application and to communicate with you regarding that vacancy. We also use third party (software) providers for the processing of responses to our vacancies on our website.
Surveys: if you participate in our surveys, we will collect your personal data as part of customer satisfaction research related to the products and services offered to you.
Business data: If you are a business customer, supplier, business partner or stakeholder, we will process your private contact information (such as name, postal or email address, and phone number) only if necessary. We will also process your business contact and other information (such as job title, department, name of organization and your dealings with us on behalf of yourself or the relevant business customer, supplier, business partner and/or stakeholder).
Other: if you contact us by phone or email, we will collect the data you provide to us.
What are the consequences of not providing your personal data
Personal data gathered by us for these processes either directly or indirectly is required in order to:
fulfil legal requirements and/or which is required for entering a contract with a counterparty and continuing to contract with that counterparty
maintain contact with business customers, suppliers and business partners, visitors to the website and investors
Failure to provide us with the information required will negatively affect our ability to communicate with you, or our ability to enter a contract with a counterparty or continuing to contract with a counterparty.
The purposes for which we process your personal data.
For what purposes do we process your personal data
We only process your personal data where we have a lawful basis and purpose to do so.
We process your personal data for the purposes of:
Establishing your identity when you register a charge card with us.
providing our products our services to you
managing your account, relationships and marketing
payment processing and financial account management
account management including account verification (that is, ensuring that only you or someone you have authorized can access your account and information)
customer service and development of our products and services
performance of and analysis of market surveys and marketing strategies
promotions and contests offered to our customers
detecting or preventing fraud
We will only process your personal data where we have a lawful basis to do so:
only the personal data included in this privacy notice is processed
in order to take steps at the request of an individual prior to entering a contract
where it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to which the we are subject to
where it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the individual/s
(only if legally required) with the explicit consent of the individual
in those cases where processing is based on consent, and subject to applicable local law which provides otherwise, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the validity of the processing prior to the withdrawal of consent
We may also process your personal data for a secondary purpose where it is closely related, such as:
storing, deleting or anonymising your personal data
audits, investigations, dispute resolution or insurance purposes, litigation or defence of claims
statistical, historical or scientific research
legal and/or regulatory compliance
Screening
In addition, in order to comply with legal and regulatory obligations, to protect our assets and employees/contractors and specifically to ensure that we can comply with trade control, anti-money laundering and/or bribery and corruption laws and other regulatory requirements, we carry out screening (pre-contract and on a periodic basis post-contract) on owners, shareholders and directors of our Business customers, Suppliers and Business Partners.
This screening takes place against publicly available or government issued sanctions lists and media sources. The screening does not involve profiling or automated decision making in relation to the counterparties or potential counterparties.
Your rights and how to exercise them.
Your rights in relation to your personal data
Your rights and how to exercise them.
We aim to keep our information as accurate as possible. You can request:
access to your personal data
correction or deletion of your personal data (but only where it is no longer required for a legitimate business purpose such as completing a retail transaction)
that you no longer receive marketing communications
that the processing of your personal data is restricted
combining of your personal data from different sources to create a personal profile no longer takes place
that you receive personal data that you have provided to us, in a structured, digital form to be transmitted to another party, if this is technically feasible
To make any rights requests please email us at
privacy-eu@shellrecharge.com
or call us on +44 (0)20 3868 1036.
Who to contact if you have a query, concern or complaint about your personal data
If you have any issues, queries or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact us at:
privacy-eu@shellrecharge.com
with subject “privacy officer” or call us on +44 (0)20 3868 1036.
Since we are part of the Shell Group, you may also contact the Shell Group Chief Privacy Office at Shell International B.V. The Hague, The Netherlands - Trade Register No. 27155369 Correspondence: PO Box 162, 2501 AN, The Hague, alternatively you can also email the Shell Group Chief Privacy Office at
privacy-office-SI@shell.com
If you are unsatisfied with the handling of your personal data by us, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the Shell Group regulator which is the Dutch Data Protection Authority located at Prins Clauslaan 60, 2595 AJ The Hague, The Netherlands. Please visit
www.autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/en
for more information.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your countries data privacy regulator for which the contact details can be found here:
www.edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_nl
Shell is committed to safeguarding your personal data.
Security of your personal data
We are committed to safeguarding your personal data.
We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use. We may use encryption for some of our services, we apply authentication and verification process for access to our services and we regularly test, assess and evaluate the effectiveness of our security measures.
When you enter your credit card details, please be informed that a 3rd party payment provider will process your payment. We will only store the last four digits of your credit card number, the expiry data and the security code.
Who do we share your personal data with?
Who will we share your personal data with
Your personal data are exclusively processed for the purposes referred to above and will only be shared on a strict need to know basis with:
any company that is a member of our group of companies, which includes our parent company Shell Plc, where necessary for internal administrative purposes, corporate strategy, auditing and monitoring, sanctions screening and research and development
we may also share your personal data with our group companies where they provide products and services to us that help us to provide products and services to you as our customer
we may also share your data within our group of companies to offer you promotions or to inform you about EV charging related products and/or services. This is based on your marketing consent preferences and in all cases any marketing material will be sent to you by us only
our authorized 3rd party agents, service providers and/or contractors, who on their turn may transfer your personal data to subcontractors.;
your lease company or employer where you have a home charge point and opt for reimbursement.
a competent public authority, government, regulatory or fiscal agency where it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation to which we are subject to or as permitted by applicable local law.
on request of a party, we can forward your data to such party if such party has a legitimate interest to obtain your personal data. Parties who pay for your charge sessions on your behalf might have such a legitimate interest. We and the requesting party will conduct a legitimate interest assessment to determine whether and which information is shared.
Shell Single View of the Customer
With the aim of ensuring you have a seamless experience with the Shell group and depending upon the nature of your engagement with Shell, we combine information gathered from the sources referred to above to create a personal profile of you. This enables you to interact with different Shell companies more easily and ensures we have the most up to date information about you in order to better develop services and products and to tailor offers relevant to your specific interests.
Please note however, you can control how Shell uses this information. You can opt out of having your personal data combined in this way. For further details please refer to section below: ‘Your rights in relation to your personal data’.
Your personal data may be transferred outside of your country, subject to appropriate safe.
Transfers of your personal data to other countries
Your personal data may be transferred outside of your country, subject to appropriate safeguards.
Where your personal data is transferred to companies within the Shell group and/or to authorized 3rd party agents service providers and/or subcontractors who may be located in or outside of your location (including outside of the European Economic Area) we take organizational, contractual and legal measures to ensure that the personal data is exclusively processed for the purposes mentioned above and that adequate levels of protection have been implemented in order to safeguard the personal data.
These measures include Binding Corporate Rules for transfers among the Shell Group and European Commission approved transfer mechanisms for transfers to 3rd parties in countries which have not been deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection as well as any additional local legal requirements. You can find a copy of the Shell Binding Corporate Rules at
www.shell.com/privacy.html
Shell will only hold your personal data for a defined period of time.
How long do we hold your personal data for
We will only hold your personal data for a defined period.
Any personal data that is required for the purposes of conclusion and execution of agreements with (business) customers, suppliers and business partners will be held during the duration of the contractual relationship and up to 15 years after. For agreements which have a term of more than 5 years and for the purposes set out above these agreements will be held for 35 years with effect from the commencement of the agreement. The information used to identify you will be hold for 2 years.
In all other cases for the purposes set out above, including personal data gathered which relates the screening against publicly available or government issued sanctions lists and media sources, such personal data is held for no longer than 15 years after it was first gathered.
In all cases information may be held for a) a longer period of time where there is a legal or regulatory reason to do so (in which case it will be deleted once no longer required for the legal or regulatory purpose) or b) a shorter period where the individual objects to the processing of their personal data and there is no longer a legitimate purpose to retain it.
This Privacy Notice is updated over time.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Privacy notices are updated over time.
This Privacy Policy may change over time and was last updated on 19 July 2024