Home
Terms & Privacy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 17, 2021
1. General
By installing our mobile application ARISE or in any way using or accessing our Services, you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. They apply regardless of whether our application (app) is used free of charge or for a fee.
2. Information about personal data we collect
This Privacy Policy informs you about the collection of personal information when using our app. Any data that is suited to identify you personally is deemed personal information. This includes, for instance, your e-mail address and usage behavior.
Arise takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
3. Our use of your personal data
Arise collects and uses this information to pass through statistical analysis a better insight into the weight loss behavior in comparison to other users. When you register for Arise Services, we collect personal data from you such as: Name, Email address when you set up the user account, your weight, height, BMI, date of birth and gender.
To use certain features in our services like the barcode scanner, you may allow us to access your camera.
Our servers automatically record information about how a person uses Arise, including app install source, IP addresses, app versions, receipt, app name operating systems, device models, device languages and device country settings, time spent within the app and other statistics. We only keep the IP addresses for 7 days and the IP addresses are not connected to the entries at any time. We use and analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) this information to customize and improve Arise. We also use IP addresses to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how Arise is used. We collect information about your activity on our services, e.g. how and which features you use.
We also use the data to provide services to you. This accounts for creating and managing your account or for providing support and reply to your requests.
If you agreed to receive email or push notifications, we might use your provided data to send you marketing offers or provide you with additional Arise app content, that you may be interested in.
Health, Motion and Fitness Data obtained via the HealthKit APIs or the Motion & Fitness APIs are solely used to calculate a more precise calorie budget. Arise further records and stores data that are made available by third party providers on the basis of your consent pursuant to point (a) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR and transmits the corresponding data to such third party providers. This refers to the following providers and data:
- Various fitness data
Apple HealthKit is an activity data handling service provided by Apple Inc. that enables your to access or store activity data.
For the privacy policies of the Apple HealthKit, go to:  Apple Health Privacy (https://www.apple.com/privacy/privacy-policy/)
We use statistical analysis to improve or develop new features. Therefore we use aggregated usage and performance data and app errors. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the mobile application.
4. In-App Purchases
If you decide to subscribe to the PRO version, the order button will lead you directly to the Apple AppStore.
In this context, we will transmit the starting date and the end date and, if applicable, the termination date of the subscription and the reason for the termination (for instance, withdrawal). The data for processing the payment are collected directly by the app stores.
For the privacy policies of the App Store, go to:
- Apple App Store: https://www.apple.com/de/privacy
When you decide to buy a PRO you pay with Apple Pay. Apple Pay is a payment service provided by Apple Inc. that allows  users to make payments using their mobile phones.
- Personal data processed: different types of data as described in the privacy policy of the service.
- Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy.
- Category of personal information collected under CCPA: Internet Data.
5. Analytics and third-party tools
When using our app statistical analyses may be made. This happens primarily using analytics. These analysis is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can disable these analytics in the settings of the application.
We use Google Analytics, an analysis service of the company Google Inc. ("Google"). The information gathered by Google Analytics is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. Google will use this information on our behalf to analyze how you use the app, to compile reports on app activities and to render additional services associated with the use of the app and the internet to us.
Our app uses Google Analytics with the extension "anonymizeIp". This means IP addresses are masked to prevent persons being identified. The IP address transmitted from your device within the scope of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
The use of Google Analytics is subject to the conditions the Cyprus data protection authorities have agreed with Google. Third party information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of service: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html, information on data safeguarding: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as the data protection policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
6. Data processing
We take appropriate technical measures to create data security, particularly to safeguard your personal information when data is transmitted and against third party access. These measures are constantly updated in line with the current state of technology.
When downloading or purchasing the app, data, in particular user name, e-mail address, the number of your user account, download time and, if applicable, payment information and the individual device number are transmitted to the iTunes App Store. This data collection is not performed by us, but by the operator of the respective store; we cannot influence this. We process the data made available to us to the extent that this is required to purchase or download the app to your device; no further storing of data takes place.
We will process the data provided during registration and mentioned above only based on the following legal bases. Your consent - Item (a) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR: Arise will ask you at certain times for your consent for specific reasons. As an example, this may apply to the newsletter. You may withdraw your consent at any time, where indicated in our services or by contacting us via the given email address below. Contract fulfillment - Item (b) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR: We transmit personally identifiable data to third parties only to the extent required to fulfill the terms of your contract with us. Your data will not be disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes without your express consent. Legitimate interest - Item (f) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR: We may use information in cases we have a legitimate interest to do so. This may apply to the usage of our service in order to improve it, for administrative, legal or fraud prevention and detection purposes.
7. Opting out procedure
By registering to the newsletter, you give your consent to the data provided being processed to send and receive emails (point (a) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR). If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Arise, you may click on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or you can contact us at support@arise-app.com. When using our mobile application, you also have the option to turn off push notifications.
If you would like to object to the use of your personal data for analytics, you can contact us at support@arise-app.com
8. Children's Privacy
Our services are intended for general audiences over the age of 13 years old (or over the age of 16 if you are resident in the EEA). We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 years old, or 16 years old in the EEA. Persons under the age of 13 may not use this application under any circumstances.
9. Customer Support
Arise uses a customer service platform Freshdesk nc., 2950 S.Delaware Street, Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403  https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/.
10. Data Retention
We retain your data not longer than necessary, as long as your account is active to provide our service to you. We might retain your data to the extend necessary in order to comply with applicable law or legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention.
11. Your rights regarding your Information
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
12. Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version will always be posted on our Privacy Policy page.
13. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: