Hypnosis & Meditation
+
Hypnosis & Meditation
-
All Hypnosis & Meditation
Binaural Hypnosis MP3s
Weight Loss MP3s
Relaxation MP3s
Sleep MP3s
Energy & Motivation MP3s
Addiction MP3s
Phobia MP3s
Self-Confidence MP3s
Children's MP3s
Mindfulness MP3s
Solfeggio Meditations
Spiritual MP3s
Meditation MP3s
Pregnancy MP3s
Workout Affirmations
French Hynosis MP3s
Short Meditation Bundles
Double MP3 Offers
Jan Yoxall
Lucinda Drayton
Shazzie Love
Relaxation Music
+
Relaxation Music
-
Anima (Spiritual)
Glenn Harrold (Hypnosis)
Kerry McKenna (New Age)
Shine (Yoga Music)
Self Help Videos
+
Self Help Videos
-
Video Downloads
Children/Parenting
+
Children/Parenting
-
Calm For Kids
Magical Meditations 4 Kids
The Great Spirit Series
Pregnancy MP3s
Glenn Harrold's Kids MP3s
Self-Hypnosis eBooks
+
Self-Hypnosis eBooks
-
Self-Hypnosis Addiction eBooks
Self-Hypnosis Phobia eBooks
Golden Rules & Other eBooks
Workout Affirmations
Double MP3 Offers
Meditation Bundles
Self-Help Books
Courses & Workshops
Glenn Harrold
Anima
Bliss
Christiane Kerr
Janey Lee Grace
Heather Bestel
Jan Yoxall
Lucinda Drayton
Marjolaine Lemieux
Shazzie
Shine
Tania Rose
View more
View less
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
By submitting your details you are confirming that you would like to receive emails from Diviniti Publishing and agree with the terms in our
Privacy Policy
.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Lists
*
13. Hypnosis Audio Website Signups
Become An Affiliate
Would you like to earn money as a reseller of our best-selling hypnosis and meditation recordings?
Read More...
Introduction
Credit
How we use your personal data
Providing your personal data to others
International transfers of your personal data
Retaining and deleting personal data
Amendments
Your rights
About cookies
Cookies that we use
Cookies used by our service providers
Managing cookies
Our details
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and customers.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and customers; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3 By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
1.4 In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Diviniti Publishing Ltd.
2. Credit
2.1 This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (
https://seqlegal.com
).
3. How we use your personal data
3.1 In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c) the legal bases of the processing.
3.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services ("
usage data
"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics and Shopify. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3 We may process your account data ("
account data
"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("
profile data
"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.5 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("
publication data
"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
3.6 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("
enquiry data
"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
3.7 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("
transaction data
"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
3.8 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("
notification data
"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
3.9 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("
correspondence data
"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
3.10 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.11 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.12 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
3.13 Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
4. Providing your personal data to others
4.1 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3 We may disclose
notification data
to our supplier iContact (https://www.icontact.com) insofar as reasonably necessary for us to manage and organise our mailing list and newsletters. You can find information about iContact's privacy policies and practices at
https://www.icontact.com/legal/privacy
4.4 Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers (Stripe, Worldpay, Shopify Pay, Apple Pay, Google Pay, Coinbase and SendOwl). We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at:
Apple Pay:
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT203027
Shopify:
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
Stripe:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
SendOwl:
https://www.sendowl.com/privacy
Google Pay:
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en
WorldPay:
https://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy
PayPal:
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Coinbase:
https://www.coinbase.com/legal/privacy?locale=en
4.5 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5. International transfers of your personal data
5.1 In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United Kingdom and United States. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you can obtain from
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
5.3 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6. Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a) All data will be retained for a minimum period of 5 years and for a maximum period of 10 years following its submission to us.
6.4 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a) the period of retention of data will be determined based on the need to login and use our services or access purchased digital products.
6.5 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7. Amendments
7.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
8. Your rights
8.1 In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access;
(b) the right to rectification;
(c) the right to erasure;
(d) the right to restrict processing;
(e) the right to object to processing;
(f) the right to data portability;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent.
8.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
8.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
8.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
9. About cookies
9.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
9.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
10. Cookies that we use
10.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
(b) status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
(c) personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you;
(d) security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
(e) analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services; and
(f) cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
11. Cookies used by our service providers
11.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
11.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
11.3 We use Shopify. This service uses cookies to operate our ecommerce store, take orders and manage your account with us. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
11.4 We use Sendowl. This service uses cookies to operate our digital download system and secure digital files. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at
https://www.sendowl.com/privacy
11.5 We use Affilatly. This service uses cookies to operate our affiliate tracking system. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at
https://www.affiliatly.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy-statement.html
11.6 We use iContact. This service uses cookies to operate our mailing list system and send out our newsletters and offers. We can track, at an individual level, whether the user has opened and clicked on an email. We do not use this information at a personal level, rather we use it to understand open and click rates on our emails to try and improve them. If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked then you should opt out of our emails which you can do via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email we send. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at
https://www.icontact.com/legal/privacy
11.7 We use social media buttons on this website. These cookies are set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by Twitter, Google & Facebook.
In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites they may use scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information. You can view the privacy policy of these service providers at:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Google:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
11.8 We use Facebook Pixel by Meta Platforms (Meta). This allows us to display interest-based advertisements (“Facebook Ads”) to users of the website when they visit the social network “Facebook” or other websites also using this tool. In this way, we pursue the interest in displaying advertisements that are of interest to you in order to make our website or offers more interesting for you. We also use the Facebook Pixel and the Conversions API to ensure that our Facebook Ads match the potential interest of users. With the help of the Facebook Pixel, we can track the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a Facebook ad (so-called “conversion”). You can read about Facebook's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
12. Managing cookies
12.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
(Chrome);
(b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
(c)
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies
(Opera);
(d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
(e)
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari); and
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
12.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
12.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
13. Our details
13.1 This website is owned and operated by Diviniti Publishing.
13.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number
[number]
, and our registered office is at:
Diviniti Publishing Ltd,
Unit 1 Bourne Enterprise Centre,
Wrotham Road,
Borough Green,
Kent, TN15 8DG.
13.3 Our principal place of business is at the address above.
13.4 You can contact us:
(a) by post, to the postal address given above;
(b) using our website contact form;
(c) by telephone, on +44 (0)1732 882057; or
(d) by email on our
contact page
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.icontact.com/legal/privacy:
Email Marketing Privacy Policy
Effective Jan 23rd, 2025
The email marketing businesses, including Kickbox, Campaigner, SMTP, iContact, and their subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent company, Ziff Davis, Inc. (collectively “
Email Marketing
”) provide enhanced email marketing capabilities and services to enterprise customers.  Email Marketing values your privacy and is committed to protecting the privacy of your information.
This Privacy Policy (or “policy”) describes how Email Marketing uses the personal information you provide and the rights you have. We have created this
Privacy Portal
to help you exercise your rights.
Privacy Policy Overview
Information We Collect, Receive and Create About You
Data Processing and Retention
Sensitive Personal Information
Direct Marketing
Behavioral Advertising
Cookies
Information We Share With Third Parties
International Transfers of Information
Data Security and Breach Handling
How to Control your Information
Your Rights with Respect to Your Personal Information
How to Change Your Preferences
Contact Details
Children
California Consumer Rights Metrics
How this Privacy Policy May Change
1. Privacy Policy Overview
Email Marketing owns and operates several interactive websites, mobile and connected  applications, including their and other online interactive features and services (collectively “services” or “our services”).
This policy covers information collected through the following websites and mobile applications.
Campaigner
iContact
Kickbox
SMTP
And related mobile and desktop sites and applications
In part, the purpose of this policy is to notify users of Email Marketing’s policies and practices with respect to their data. By using the services provided you have agreed to the
Terms and Conditions
(or ToU); and this policy is a part of the ToU.
2. Information We Collect, Receive and Create about You
We may collect or obtain information about you when you sign up, when you create profiles, pages or contributions, when you use and interact with our services and when you make your personal information public. In some cases, we may also receive information about you from third parties.
Data you provide when you sign up:
This is, for example, username, password, name, email, phone, physical address, subscription and billing information, and business information, and basic information about any other accounts you choose to associate with your registration, like your Google account.
Data you provide when you create accounts:
This is user generated contributions, such as web pages and all related content. We encourage all of our users to make conscious choices about what they share online. Email Marketing, including its affiliates, subsidiaries and parent company, is not responsible for the information you disclose to the public using our services.
Data we collect through your use of our services:
We make and keep records when we provide you support or assistance on our services. We may also collect information about how you interact with our various services (or parts of our services) or third party content you see on our apps and sites. We also collect data on how you interact with the ads you see.
Data we receive from third parties:
In some cases, we may receive information about you from third parties, for example, social networking sites. Please note that this policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to us.
3. Data Processing and Retention
We process your personal information in order to provide you the best experience of our services. We may also process your Information where the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights.
Below is a chart stating which categories of your personal information we process for which purposes specifically, and how long we retain that data. Our processing of your data is subject to your use of our service, your privacy preferences, and your account settings choices.
Personal Information
We may process the following categories of personal iInformation about you.
Categories of personal information
Purpose of processing
legal basis
Retention Period
Account Information (Personal Details):
Information you provide to us such as, your name; postal address; telephone and/or mobile number; email address; employer; login details, including username and password; interests; public social media handles or profile(s); and photograph posted by you and other users.
To provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
__________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
App Data.
Data and metrics around account usage.
Maintain and improve service standards
___________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Audio, Video, and Other Electronic Data:
audio, electronic, visual, or similar information such as photographs, video submissions, call recordings and contents of your media library.
Promote user expression through our services and to conduct contests and rewards.
___________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Consent Records:
records of any consents you may have given, together with the date and time, means of consent and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Comply with applicable laws and regulations and users’ choices.
___________
Legal Requirement
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Customer Records:
electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, signature, address, telephone number, or any financial information. We may also collect Personal Data information about you through your communications with our customer support team.
NOTE: Please ensure that no sensitive personal data is submitted in connection with your requests for support (for example, health information, political or religious beliefs, information about minors, etc.).
To maintain service standards and provide users with the ability to communicate efficiently and effectively with our company.
____________
Legitimate Interest
Customer records will be kept in accordance with applicable laws.
Demographic Information:
We may collect gender; age/date of birth; nationality; salutation; job title, company information, education, work experience and other professional information; language preferences.
Enable customer expression, maintain and improve service standards, and marketing with consent.
____________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Location Information:
We collect your IP address from which we can derive imprecise location information, for example, at the city or zip code level, of a user’s computer or device. We may also have this type of location information if you provide it to us during sign up or in your profile, project page, or contributions.
Maintain service standards, provide relevant content and marketing with consent.
____________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Profile Information and User Contributions:
For certain Services, you may choose to create a public profile, a project page or a profile page, or create your own contributions.All contents of these pages and contributions are processed, including any views and opinions included by you.
Enable customer expression, and provide  use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
____________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Transaction Information:
information on how you interact with the Services, including records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered  such as the coupons you view and redeem, the gift cards you purchase or sell via our Services, the cash back offers that you claim, including copies of receipts that you submit; financial information related to your transactions, information about you as needed to administer your participation in our rewards programs; payment information, including payment card number, expiration date, and CVN; other information about how you use our Services, email, or searches for and interactions with e-commerce opportunities, such as how you interact with our merchants, business partners, and service providers, including, in some cases and where your settings permit, the items you purchase from those merchants.
Completion of transaction, providing full use of our services as agreed in the ToU, and marketing with consent.
_____________
Performance of a Contract
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Device Information and Device ID:
Device ID, which is a distinctive number associated with a smartphone or similar handheld device.  As well as, device information, including Device type, operating system and software information, and settings.
Maintain and improve the quality of services
____________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Advertising Identifiers:
A user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a device (e.g., iOS uses the Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and Android uses Google Advertising ID).
Marketing
_________
Consent
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Connectivity Data:
We may collect WiFi connection or service set identifier (“SSID”), mobile or desktop access, and IP verification.
Maintain and improve the quality of services
____________
Legitimate Interest
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Cookies
: Information collected through the use of cookies, eTags, Javascript, pixel tags, device ID tracking, anonymous identifiers and other technologies, including information collected using such methods and technologies about (i) your visits to, and interaction and engagement with, the Services, Subject to your privacy choices and settings, content and ads on third party websites, applications, platforms and other media channels (“
Channels
”), and (ii) your interaction with emails including the content and ads therein (collectively, “
Online Data
”).
Marketing
_________
Consent
In compliance with the Cookie Policy
Engagement Data:
Information about (i) your visits to, and interaction and engagement with the services, content and ads on third party websites, applications, platforms and other media channels (“
Channels
”), and (ii) your interaction with emails including the content and ads therein (collectively, “
Online Data
”), which are collected through the use of cookies and cookie like technologies.
Marketing
____________
Consent
In compliance with the Cookie Policy
4. Sensitive Personal Information
We do not seek to collect or process sensitive personal information, such as, race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, or sex life. Where users choose to disclose sensitive personal information, we do not use the sensitive information for any additional purpose without consent, unless required to comply with laws, or prevent crimes.
5. Direct Marketing
We may use the contact details you provided us to reach out to you with information regarding services that may be of interest to you, for example, upcoming promotions. You may unsubscribe or opt out of SMS messages at any time at no cost.
6. Behavioral Advertising
Email Marketing and third parties, subject to your privacy choices and settings, may collect data about your behavior while using our services in order to provide you with more relevant interest-based advertising on other websites and applications, as well as our partners’ platforms and media channels.
7. Cookies
We may collect information about you through the use of cookies and similar technologies on our sites and apps, or your devices. In compliance with your privacy choices and settings, we also may permit our third-party service providers to perform various analytics functions and to provide you with more relevant or interest-based advertisements using cookies.
Some third parties may choose to use their own cookies for the purposes of collecting information relating to the viewing of their advertising. To learn more about how we use cookies, and to manage your preferences, please see our
Cookie Policy
.  This policy, and our Cookie Policy, are only intended to cover the use of cookies as they relate to Email Marketing businesses.
8. Information We Share with Third Parties
Ziff Davis Companies:
Email Marketing is owned by Ziff Davis Inc. We share your information with other businesses owned by Ziff Davis, Inc. (“Ziff Davis Companies”) to assist us in the operation of our services, improve them, and further develop them.
We also share information with other Ziff Davis Companies for the purposes of targeted advertising. If you would like to opt out of the sale or sharing of your data with other Ziff Davis Companies, you can do so via our
Privacy Portal
.
Other Third Parties:
We may also share your personal information with the following:
Relevant third party provider, where our services use third party advertising, plugins or content, subject to your privacy choices and settings, and our ToU;
Merchants, business partners, or advertisers where you consented and chose to participate in offers, contests, or other activities;
Third party Processors (such as analytic providers; data centers; etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements and limitations;
Legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Any party as directed by a law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights;
Law enforcement for the purposes of prevention, detection, or investigation of criminal offenses and any legal proceedings associated with them; and
In the case of a full or partial acquisition, relevant third parties. A list of sub-processors is available upon request.
9. International Transfers of Information
We may transfer your information to recipients in other countries. Email Marketing participates in the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Framework and the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. Where we transfer information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to a recipient outside the EEA that is not in an adequate jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses.
Because of the international nature of our business, we may need to transfer your information within the Ziff Davis Companies, and to third parties as noted above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer your information to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located. We remain liable under the DPF Principles if any third parties that we transfer your personal information to process it in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Email Marketing and its associated affiliates and subsidiaries complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Email Marketing has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Email Marketing has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
We are committed to staying current with developments related to the Data Privacy Framework and may update our transfer mechanisms and safeguards as necessary to remain compliant. Any updates will be reflected in this Privacy Policy.
If you are a European individual with a privacy related complaint, concern or question about Ziff Davis, Inc.’s privacy practices, please contact us through our
Privacy Portal
. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website, European individuals may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Where we transfer your personal information from the EEA to recipients located outside the EEA who are not in a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for information, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses. You may request a copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses using our
Privacy Portal
. Please note that when you transfer any personal information directly to an entity established outside the EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your information. We will nevertheless process your information, from the point at which we receive the data, in accordance with the provisions of this policy.
Enforcement Authority
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Complaints Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Email Marketing commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Ziff Davis at
privacy@icontact.com
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Email Marketing commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.  For further information please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
.
Under certain conditions, a binding arbitration option may be available to you in order to address complaints not resolved by any other means. For further information, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles at:
www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Email Marketing commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
For a list of our subsidiaries and affiliates who also adhere to the DPF Principles, please click
here
.
Our privacy practices described in this Policy comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (“APEC”) Cross Border Privacy Rules System. To learn more about this program, please click
here
.
10. Data Security and Breach Handling
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal information against unlawful destruction, loss alteration, misuse, or unauthorized access while in our possession. All parties we contract with must agree to provide reasonable data security measures for the customer information we share with them, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
If we learn of a security breach that affects our users, we may send an email or other direct communication to you, or post a blog to notify the public on our Help and Support Security Center. If you have any reason to believe that your data with us has been compromised (for example, there has been unauthorized access to your account), please contact us at
privacy@icontact.com
.
11. Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this policy, and in accordance with applicable laws. For more details on how long data is retained see the table in Section 3.
12. Your Rights With Respect to Your Personal Information
Many privacy regulations afford consumers a number of specific rights. If you are a resident of the EU (under GDPR), UK (under the UK GDPR), Brazil (under the LGPD), several U.S. States, including California (CCPA), Virginia (under VCDPA), Colorado (under the CPA), and Connecticut (under the CTDPA), or another jurisdiction with similar privacy requirements, you have certain rights which may include those listed below.
Your rights:
Right to Withdraw Consent: Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal information by IeL, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to Know:
You have a right to know what personal information we collect, process, and share or sell. This policy is meant to provide transparency with regard to your data. If you have additional questions, you can email us at
privacy@icontact.com
.
Right of Access
: You can request a copy of the personal information we have collected about you from us.
Right to Delete/Erase
: You can request us to delete all the information we have collected about you. It is important to note that by exercising your right to deletion you may lose access to your account and any purchases, points or features associated with it. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use some or all of your information to provide you services, please contact us via the details provided in Section 14.
Right to Request Rectification
: If you find that any of your information that we are processing is inaccurate, you can contact us to have your information corrected. In response, we will cancel or remove your information but may retain and use copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. For certain requests, we may require additional information.
Right to Opt-out of the Sale or Sharing for Targeted Ads (CA):
Under some circumstances we may sell or share the personal data you provide to us to provide ads to you that align with your interests. If you would prefer not to have your data sold or shared, you can opt-out of selling or sharing by submitting a request via
Privacy Portal
or by emailing
privacy@icontact.com
. We may ask for additional information to verify your request.
Right to Object to the Processing
: You can object to our processing of your personal information via our
Privacy Portal
, under certain circumstances. By objecting to processing, you may not be able to access some or all of our services. This right is limited to personal data processed for commercial purposes.
Right to Object to the Use of Sensitive Personal Information
: You have the right to object to our use of your sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information is information about your health, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, political opinions or philosophical beliefs. You should always be mindful about the personal information you share online, especially when it is sensitive in nature.
Right to Object to Automated Processing:
You have a right to object to the processing of your data for the purposes of automated decision making about you.
Right to not be Discriminated Against:
You have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights.
Right to Complain (EU, UK, Switzerland): Should you wish to raise a complaint about the collection or use of your information, you have the right to do so without prejudice to any other rights you may have. You may lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Right to an Authorized Agent (CA): If you would like to make a request on behalf of a California consumer who is a current or former customer, please provide an email from the email address we have on file for the customer authorizing the request. You may also make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on behalf of a California consumer if you provide (1) a signed, written permission from the consumer to act on your behalf, and the consumer verifies their own identity directly with us; or (2) proof that the consumer has provided you with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf.
In order to make privacy requests please visit our
Privacy Portal
and fill out the form. You can also email us at
privacy@icontact.com
. Our contact information can be found in the “Contact Details” section below.
You may be required to verify your identity before we can give effect to these rights. If you are making a request on behalf of a user, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer.
13. How to Change Your Preferences
You can change your preferences at any time. Below is a list of some of the actions you can take.
Your Newsletter and Email Subscriptions
. You can opt out or unsubscribe to a newsletter or other email list at any time by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters or emails you receive. Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect. On some Services, member service-related communications are an integral part of the service to which you subscribe and you may continue to receive emails as part of that particular portion of the services, even if you opt out of the newsletters or email list. In these cases, you cancel your account to cease communication. Also note that if you have provided more than one email address to us, you may continue to be contacted unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided, or delete your accounts.
Opting Out of Tracking
. Currently, our Services do not recognize browser do-not-track signals. However, you may manage how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting its privacy and security settings. Browsers are different, so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You can also opt-out of being targeted by certain third party advertising companies.
California Residents
. In accordance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we may collect Personal Information about your online activities when you use our services. California’s “Shine the Light” law permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain certain information about any Personal Information disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request or if you wish for us to refrain from gathering your Personal Information, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact details in Section 14.
14. Contact Details
You can submit privacy related inquiries to our
Privacy Portal
.
For any additional questions, you can contact us by emailing:
iContact:
support@icontact.com
Correspondence:
Ziff Davis
Attention: Legal Department
114 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor
New York, NY 10011
We have registered our DPO with the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, we encourage you to contact our DPO at the following email address
dpo@ziffdavis.com
or at the following address:
Ziff Davis
Attention: Legal Department
Unit. 3.1, Woodford Business Park
Santry, Dublin 17
Ireland
15. Children
These services are not intended for use by children, especially those under 18. We reserve the right to remove a user’s account at any time, when necessary, if we discover that a user is under the required age limit for the service. If you have reason to believe we have collected personal information from someone under 18, please report it to us so we can take appropriate steps to rectify this.
16. California Consumer Rights Metrics
Pursuant to the California privacy regulations, our consumer rights metrics can be found on our
Regulatory Information Site
.
17. How this Privacy Policy May Change
This policy may be amended or updated from time to time at our discretion. Any updates will be effective at the time of publication, unless specified otherwise. Your continued use of our services after the publication of a policy update constitutes your consent to the changes. We will notify you prior to making policy updates that materially change the way we treat your personal data, and will not use your data in a materially different manner without your consent.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
878
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting I Accept enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject All or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage  .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:
Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
More Options
Reject All
I Accept
Sub-policy 2
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.
Sub-policy 3
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connect
Platform Agreement
Account Agreement
Products and Programmes
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe Customer Portal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Radar
Stripe Rewards
Stripe Verifications
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal Purchase Terms
Terminal Reseller Terms
Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Treasury - Connected Accounts
Stripe Treasury - Platforms
Stripe Vault and Forward
Financial Services Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Payment Method Terms
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Data Privacy Framework
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Licences
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Learn more
.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services,
Learn More
, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.sendowl.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 17, 2024
At SendOwl, we respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the personal information that we gather on the subdomains and websites on sendowl.com (the “Sites”) or through your use of our products and services. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy before submitting any personal data to us through our Sites. By continuing to use our Sites, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Concept Den Ltd. doing business as SendOwl will be the data controller of your personal data if you are a merchant using SendOwl to deliver products (“Merchant”) or a promoter of a Merchant’s product (“Affiliate”). Conversely, SendOwl will be the data processor if you are a customer to a SendOwl Merchant (“End Customer”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the way we process Merchants’ End Customer information in our role as a service provider to our Merchants. Our Data Processing Addendum, which describes how we process and safeguard Merchants’ End Customer information as a service provider to our Merchants, is available upon request by emailing
dpa-requests@sendowl.com
.
If you are an End Customer to one of our Merchants, please contact your Merchant directly for information regarding how your Merchant uses and shares your personal information gathered from our services.
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
How We Share Information
How Do We Respond to ‘Do Not Track’ Signals?
Cookies
Your Rights
Legal Bases for Processing
Retention and Withdrawal
Data Transfer
Children‘s Privacy
Change of Control
Data Security
Updates
Contact Us
Information We Collect
Information We Automatically Collect
. For all visitors to our site, we collect aggregated information on pages viewed including IP address, timestamps, logins. This information may be collected via several technologies, including cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs, canvas fingerprinting and other means. You can control cookies in your browser to enable or disable them. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Information You or Your Merchant Gives Us
. For our Merchants, we collect registration information including name, email address, telephone number; billing information including address; and information required to sell goods.
For End Customers who buy a digital product from a Merchant that is delivered by SendOwl, we collect information relating to any transactions recorded by us or returned by the payment gateway including name, email address, billing and shipping address.
We use payment processors for payment, analytics, and other business services. Payment processors collect identifying information about the devices that connect to its services. Payment processors use this information to operate and improve the services they provide to us, including for fraud detection. You can learn more about Stripe, our main payment processor, and read its privacy policy at
www.stripe.com/privacy
.
Information We Collect From Third Parties
. If you access our Sites through third parties (e.g., Facebook or Google), or if you share content from our Sites to a third party social media service, the third party service will send us certain information about you if the third party service and your account settings allow such sharing. The information we receive will depend on the policies and your account settings with the third party service.
How We Use Information
The data recorded is used for the following purposes:
to respond to your enquiry, ask a question, contact you about your request or other reasons related to offering and improving our services;
provide checkout capabilities on our site;
to enable us to communicate with you and sellers;
send you our monthly newsletter if you have signed up;
To analyze Sites usage and improve the services offered;
For market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems;
To share your website visitor activity, through website cookies, with third-party marketing partners to market our services on our Sites and other websites that you may visit;
for buyers who buy something that is delivered by SendOwl we collect data so we can provide them with access to their purchase;
to protect against, identify and help prevent fraud, unauthorized activity, claims and other liabilities; and
to fulfil our legal and financial obligations.
How We Share Information
We use third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary equipment required to run the service and may share data with them accordingly in order to provide the services you have requested. Specifically: Cloudflare, Amazon Web Service, Rackspace, MailGun, Google Analytics, FreeAgent, HelpScout, Stripe and MailChimp. We have contracts in place with our third-party vendors that require them to use personal data only as necessary to perform services on our behalf and to implement appropriate security measures as required by law.
We may be required to disclose your data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements. We may be under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements, to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the protect the rights, property, or safety of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
How Do We Respond to ‘Do Not Track’ Signals?
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. Cookies may use your IP address, timestamps, logins. Information collected from cookies is used by us to evaluate the effectiveness of our website, analyse trends, and administer our website. This allows us to determine such things as which parts of our website are most visited and difficulties our visitors may experience in accessing our website. To learn more, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
When you visit or log in to our website, cookies and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with other personal information they or others have about you, including by association with your email or home address. We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email or home addresses. You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting
https://app.retention.com/optout
.
Google Analytics.
We may use Google Analytics. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Please refer to Google’s
Privacy Policy
for more information. You may also choose to download the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
.
You may wish to restrict the use of cookies. Please be aware that some of the features of our website may not function correctly if you disable cookies. Most modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the options or preferences menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links for commonly used browsers may be helpful:
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
Personalized Advertising
. We may also use targeted advertising cookies, such as Google Ads, to deliver tailored advertising on our Sites and other websites that you may visit. You can learn more about how to control advertising cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out
link
, the DAA’s Consumer Opt-Out
link
for browsers, or the DAA’s opt-out
link
for mobile devices. Please note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications and may make the ads you see less relevant to your
Your Privacy Rights
If you would like to unsubscribe from receiving our newsletter, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link included in our email or contact us as indicated below.
Exercising Your Privacy Rights
. We have listed the privacy rights for several jurisdictions below, but we understand you may have additional rights in your jurisdiction. You may contact us directly at any time about exercising your data protection rights. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
EEA or UK Individuals’ Rights
If you are from the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to the processing of your personal data for reasons relating to your particular situation.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request to export the personal data that we process based on our contract with you or your consent and transfer it to another company (if technically feasible).
Withdraw any consent you have previously provided to us.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us using the details in the
Contact Us
section.
If you are not happy with our response, you can contact the ICO in the UK, or other data protection regulator in your country. Important note: if you are a customer who has been delivered a product via SendOwl you will need to contact the Merchant regarding your data rights. SendOwl acts as a data processor and it is the Merchant who must complete your data subject requests as your purchase contract is with them, not us.
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. State Residents
Certain state laws require that we detail the categories of personal information that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for our business purposes:
Identifiers;
Personal information under
California Civil Code section 1798.80
;
Commercial information;
Internet activity information; and
Inferences drawn from any of the above information categories.
Several jurisdictions grant state residents certain rights, including the right to access specific types of personal information, the right to correct inaccurate personal information, the right to learn how we process personal information, the right to know whether and how we disclose or sell personal information, the right to opt out of any sale of personal information, the right to request deletion of personal information in certain circumstances, the right to limit our use of your sensitive personal information, and the right not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights.
To make such a request, please contact us using the contact details listed in the
Contact Us
section below.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
. Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information.
We do not sell your email address, shopping cart data, or other marketing information to third parties. However, under some U.S state laws, some sharing of personal information necessary to provide you with personalized ads may be considered a “sale,” even if no money is exchanged, such as our use of cookies and similar technologies. You may learn more about how to opt out of such personalized ads through our
Cookie Policy
.
Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information
. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than providing our goods and services to you, or as otherwise permitted under applicable law.
Third Party Marketing
. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Automated Processing & Profiling.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Verification Process for Exercising Rights.
To protect your privacy, we verify privacy rights requests to ensure that only you (or your authorized agent) can exercise rights pertaining to your personal information. As part of our verification process, we may request you submit additional information. If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a state resident, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this privacy policy and provide us with a copy of the consumer's written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Appeal Process.
If we do not decide to act in response to your request to exercise a right, we will provide a timely response detailing the reasons for not taking the action and, depending on your jurisdiction, any rights that you may have to appeal our decision. This may include, where required by law, instructions on how to contact your local Attorney General or Department of Justice for further review.
After confirming that the SendOwl website recognizes and respects
Global Privacy Control
's opt-out signals, add the following to the "How Do We Respond to 'Do Not Track' Signals?" section:
California and certain other U.S. state residents may opt out of tracking technologies by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). To download and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal, click here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs
. If you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use. Your request to opt-out of sale/sharing will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us.
Legal Bases for Processing
Billing information is recorded as it is necessary to comply with our contractual obligations when providing our service to Merchants and our Merchants’ End Customers.
We process information about our visitors for the legitimate business interests of developing our site to ensure a better experience for our visitors. We also obtain registration information based on the legitimate interest of business administration. When processing your personal data for our legitimate interests, we take appropriate measures to ensure that the interests we pursue are balanced with your interests, rights and freedoms.
With your consent, we may use your personal data to send you marketing materials, except as otherwise permitted by applicable law. You may also provide consent where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
We may process data in compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatory retention periods. We may also collect your personal data to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements, as described above in
How We Share Information
.
Retention and Withdrawal
We retain information from or about you for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. When the information is no longer necessary for these purposes, we delete it or keep it in a form that does not identify you, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Data Transfer
We may transfer your personal data to recipients in countries other than the country in which the personal data originally was collected. Those countries may not offer the same level of protection to your personal data. When we transfer your personal data to recipients outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we will comply with applicable legal requirements by providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal data, including by (i) entering into the European Commission’s EU Standard Contractual Clauses with the data recipients, (ii) verifying that the recipient has implemented Binding Corporate Rules, or (iii) any other appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law for any personal information transferred internationally.
To obtain a copy of our Data Protection Addendum with Standard Contractual Clauses incorporated, please email
dpa-requests@sendowl.com
.
Children’s Privacy
The Sites are not directed at individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided in the
Contact Us
section below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information.
Change of Control
Personal information may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale, acquisition, merger, reorganization or other change in control. If we sell, merge or transfer any part of the business, part of the sale may include your personal information.
Data Security
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. However, no website, application, or transmission can guarantee security. Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personal information obtained through the Sites, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Updates
This policy may be periodically updated. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version. Please review carefully before submitting personal data to our site. The date the policy was last updated is indicated at the top of this page.
Contact Us
You can contact us at
support@sendowl.com
if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy.
Sub-policy 5
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en:
Google Payments Privacy Notice
Last modified: 4 March 2025
The
Google Privacy Policy
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google products and services. If you are under the age of 18, you can find additional resources in the
Google Teen Privacy Guide
and the
Google Payments privacy guide for children
.
Google Payments is offered to Google Account holders, and your use of it is subject to the Google Privacy Policy. In addition, this Privacy Notice describes Google privacy practices that are specific to Google Payments.
Your use of Google Payments is governed by the Google Payments Terms of Service, which describes in more detail the services covered by this Privacy Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Google Payments Terms of Service.
The Google Payments Privacy Notice applies to services offered by Google LLC or its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Google Payment Corp. ('GPC'). Consult the Google Payments Terms of Service made available to you within the service to learn which subsidiary is offering the service.
For users based in Brazil, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC and, to the extent required under Brazilian law, it may be Google Brasil Pagamentos Ltda
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the European Economic Area (excluding the UK), the data controller responsible for your information is Google Ireland Limited
For users based in the European Economic Area, excluding the UK, and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Ireland Limited
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the UK, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC
For users based in the UK and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Limited
Information we collect
In addition to the information listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we may also collect the following:
Registration information
When you sign up for Google Payments, you are creating a Google payments profile that is associated with your Google Account. Depending on the Google Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Google Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide information, such as:
Credit or debit card number and card expiry date
Bank account number and expiry date
Address
Phone number
Date of birth
National insurance number or taxpayer identification number (or other government-issued identification numbers)
For sellers or businesses specifically, your business category and certain information about your sales or transaction volume
In some cases, we may also ask you to send us additional information or to answer additional questions to help verify your information or identity. Finally, if you register a carrier or operator billing account, we will ask you to provide us with certain information about your carrier or operator account.
Your registration information is stored in association with your Google Account, and your registration of a payment method will be stored on Google's servers. Certain types of data may also be stored on your mobile device.
Information obtained from third parties
We may obtain information about you from third parties, including third-party verification services. This includes:
Information arising from Google Payments transactions at merchant locations
Information regarding your use of payment methods and your accounts issued by third parties that are linked to Google Payments
The identity of your card issuer or financial institution
Feature and benefit information related to your payment method
Information regarding access to balances held in your Google payments profile
Information from a carrier or operator in connection with carrier or operator billing
Consumer reports, as the term 'consumer reports' is defined by the US Fair Credit Reporting Act
Information about your transactions with third parties (like merchants and payment service providers), which will be used for fraud risk modeling and to provide fraud risk scores and other fraud prevention services to third parties
Also, for sellers, we may obtain information about you and your business from a credit bureau or a business information service.
Transaction information
When you use Google Payments to conduct a transaction, we may collect information about the transaction, including:
The date, time and amount of the transaction
The merchant's location and description
A description provided by the seller of the goods or services purchased
Any photo that you choose to associate with the transaction
The names and email addresses of the seller and buyer (or sender and recipient)
The type of payment method used
Your description of the reason for the transaction and the offer associated with the transaction, if any
How we use the information we collect
In addition to the uses listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we use the information you provide to us, Google Payment Corp. (GPC), or another of our subsidiaries, as well as information about you from third parties, in order to:
Provide you with Google Payments for customer service purposes
Prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including to help prevent fraud, phishing or other misconduct
Assist third parties in the provision of products or services that you request from them
Review your Google payments profile to determine whether you continue to meet the terms of the service
Make decisions about your future Google Payments transactions
Build and train fraud risk models with your historic and current information, and produce fraud risk scores and assessments that are shared with third parties solely for their fraud or abuse prevention purposes
Provide you with information about your payment method’s features and benefits to help you better identify your payment method when using Google Payments
Fulfill other legitimate business needs related to the Google Payments transactions initiated by you
We may retain the information that you provide for the duration of your use of Google Payments, and for an additional period as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Information we share
We will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google in the following circumstances:
As permitted under the
Google Privacy Policy
As permitted by law
As necessary to process your transaction and maintain your account, including to provide security improvements, protect your account against fraud, and for other everyday business purposes
To complete your requested registration for a service provided by a third party
To inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used to make payments through that merchant's site or app. You can choose to turn off this setting
To share fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments with third parties that use Google’s risk score and fraud prevention services, in order to protect your transactions with third parties from fraud and abuse
To help ensure your payment method is secure and valid, and to provide you with relevant information about your payment method's features and benefits, we may share your personal information with your payment method issuer, payment network, processors, and their affiliates
Examples of when information may be shared:
When you make a purchase or transaction using Google Payments, we make certain personal information about you available to the company or individual that you purchase from or transact with. This includes sharing your personal information with the developer from whom you purchase when you use Google Payments to make a purchase on Google Play
When you make a purchase through a website or app with Google Pay, we might share your ZIP code or postcode and information about your payment method so that the merchant can calculate tax, shipping, and other details related to the cost of your order (such as delivery costs and other price information), and identify whether the merchant can accept that form of payment from you as well as benefits or restrictions for particular forms of payment for your purchase
When you add a third-party payment method to your Google payments profile, we may exchange certain personal information with the third-party payment provider so we can both provide the service to you. The information may include your name, profile image, email, Internet protocol (IP) address, billing address, phone number, device information, location, and Google Account activity information
When you visit a participating merchant site or app, the merchant can check whether you have a Google payments profile with an eligible payment method that can be used to make a purchase through the merchant's site or app, in order to reduce the likelihood that you will see unusable features on sites or apps
When you transact with a third party (like merchants and payment service providers), we may send fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments related to your payment transaction to these third parties, solely for their own fraud or abuse prevention purposes
The information we collect, including information obtained from third parties, may be shared with our affiliates, meaning other companies owned and controlled by Google LLC. Our affiliates, which can be financial and non-financial entities, will use such information for purposes as disclosed in this Privacy Notice and the Google Privacy Policy, including for their everyday business purposes.
We provide you with the right to opt out of certain sharing between GPC and its affiliates, if applicable. Specifically, you may choose to opt out of:
Sharing between GPC and its affiliates of information about your creditworthiness for their everyday business purposes; and/or
Our affiliates marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we collect and share with them. This information includes your account history with us
You may also choose to opt out of Google LLC or its affiliates informing a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used for payment through that merchant's site or app.
If you choose to opt out, your choice will be effective until you tell us to change your choice.
If you do not want us to share personal information about your creditworthiness between GPC and its affiliates, or if you do not want our affiliates to use your personal information collected by us and shared with them to market to you, or if you do not want Google LLC or its affiliates to inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile, please indicate your preference by logging in to your account, and going to your
Google Payments privacy settings
to update your privacy preferences.
We will not share your personal information with anyone outside of GPC or with our affiliates except as described in this Privacy Notice or the Google Privacy Policy. Google Payments is a product offered to Google Account holders. Data that you provide to Google LLC for the purpose of signing up for a Google Account is not affected by the opt-out provisions in this Privacy Notice.
Keeping your information secure
For more information about our security practices, please see the main
Google Privacy Policy
.
The security of your Google payments profile depends on you keeping your account password(s), PINs, and other access information for the Service confidential:
If you share your Google Account information with a third party, they will have access to your Google payments profile and your personal information
It is your responsibility to control access to your mobile device and the Google Payments application on your device, including keeping your password(s) and/or PIN confidential and not sharing it with anyone
It is also your responsibility to alert Google or the relevant partner if you believe that the security of the information in the Google Payments application has been compromised
Any information that you provide directly to a third-party merchant, website or application is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of merchants or other third parties with whom you choose to share your personal information directly. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party with whom you choose to share your personal information directly.
© 2025 Google –
Google Home
Google Terms of Service
Previous Privacy Notices
Sub-policy 6
https://www.worldpay.com/uk/privacy-policy:
English (US)
Careers
Sign In
Products
Take
Make
Manage
Do more
Online
Accept payments online
In store
Accept payments in person
Omnichannel
Accept payments across channels
Embedded
Embedded payments for software platforms
Payouts
Disburse funds all over the world
Optimize
Enhance your payments and authorization rates
Protect
Safeguard your payments
Understand
Analyze your payments data to improve performance
Loyalty and gift
Additional offerings for your customers
Embedded Finance
Embedded Finance technology for software companies
Who we serve
By business type
By industry
By partner type
Small business
Helping SMBs thrive and grow
Enterprise
Delivering on a massive scale to big businesses
Software platforms
Embedded solutions for software companies
Marketplaces
Where sellers get paid and make payouts
Crypto
Digital content and subscriptions
Field services for software platforms
Financial services
Gaming
Practice management for software platforms
Public sector
Restaurants
Retail
Software platforms
Travel and airlines
Financial institutions
Empower your bank customers with cutting-edge payment solutions
Independent sales organizations
Growing ISO revenue through innovative solutions and dedicated service
Software platforms
Embedded solutions for software companies
Customer stories
Read how our customers have solved their most pressing problems with Worldpay products
Insights
Insights
Articles
Read our insights about payments-related topics
Guides
Learn from our industry expertise
Customer stories
Discover how Worldpay helps all types of businesses
Resources
For customers
For developers
Support
Get the help you need
Account login
Find your login link
Developer Hub
Startup, SMB, software company, or large enterprise – we’ve got you covered with developer resources.
About
Company
About us
Details about Worldpay as a company
Executive team
See who is shaping Worldpay strategically
Careers
As a Worldpayer, you own your career
Newsroom
Get up to date on recent Worldpay news
Legal
Your hub for all of our legal documentation
Contact us
404 - Page Not Found
The page you were looking for could not be found.
Back to Home
Sub-policy 7
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Powrót do strony głównej
Informacje dotyczące zasad ochrony danych w usługach PayPal
1. Najważniejsze informacje
2. Rola firmy PayPal jako administratora danych
3. Użytkownicy nieposiadający konta
4. Kategorie Danych osobowych, które firma PayPal gromadzi na temat Użytkownika
5. Jakie Dane osobowe są wykorzystywane i na jakiej podstawie prawnej
6. Czy i dlaczego firma PayPal udostępnia Dane osobowe
7. Jak długo firma PayPal przechowuje Dane osobowe Użytkownika
8. Przekazywanie Danych osobowych za granicę
9. W jaki sposób firma PayPal używa plików cookie i technologii służących do śledzenia
10. Prawa Użytkownika do ochrony danych
11. Szczegółowe informacje na temat automatycznego podejmowania decyzji i profilowania
12. Dlaczego firma PayPal udostępnia Dane osobowe Użytkownika biurom informacji kredytowej
13. W jaki sposób firma PayPal chroni Dane osobowe Użytkownika
14. Czy dzieci mogą korzystać z usług firmy PayPal
15. Aktualizacje niniejszych Informacji dotyczących zasad ochrony danych
16. Informacja dla Użytkowników z EOG i Wielkiej Brytanii dotycząca przepisów prawa bankowego
17. Definicje
18. Dane kontaktowe firmy PayPal
Pobierz PDF do wydrukowania
Informacje dotyczące zasad ochrony danych w usługach PayPal
Ostatnia aktualizacja 15 kwietnia 2024
W razie jakichkolwiek pytań na temat niniejszych Informacji dotyczących zasad ochrony danych lub ogólnych pytań dotyczących Danych osobowych prosimy o kontakt z firmą PayPal. Dane Użytkownika będą wykorzystywane w celu świadczenia Usług zgodnie z niniejszymi Informacjami dotyczącymi zasad ochrony danych i odpowiednią
Umową z Użytkownikiem usługi PayPal
.
1. Najważniejsze informacje
Niniejsze Informacje dotyczące zasad ochrony danych mają na celu dostarczenie wystarczających informacji na temat wykorzystywania przez firmę PayPal Danych osobowych Użytkownika, gdy odwiedza on witrynę internetową firmy PayPal, korzysta z jej usług (łącznie
„Usługi”)
lub rejestruje się w tym celu. Firma PayPal zachęca Użytkowników do zapoznania się z niniejszymi Informacjami dotyczącymi zasad ochrony danych i korzystania z nich, ponieważ pomoże to im w podejmowaniu świadomych decyzji.
Niektóre terminy pisane wielką literą, które nie zostały zdefiniowane w Informacjach, objaśniono w punkcie 17 (
„Definicje
”) na końcu niniejszego dokumentu.
2. Rola firmy PayPal jako administratora danych
W Europejskim Obszarze Gospodarczym (EOG) administratorem Danych osobowych, które są gromadzone i przetwarzane po ich uzyskaniu w związku z odwiedzaniem przez Użytkownika strony internetowej firmy PayPal, procesem rejestracji i aplikacji oraz dalszym korzystaniem z usług jest firma
PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A
.
Wszelkie określenia takie, jak „my”, „nasze/nasz/nasza”, „nas”, „
PayPal
” lub „
firma PayPal
” zawarte w niniejszych Informacjach dotyczących zasad ochrony danych oznaczają firmę PayPal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. i grupę przedsiębiorstw, które pozostają pod jej bezpośrednią lub pośrednią kontrolą, kontrolują ją lub znajdują się we wspólnym posiadaniu.
Niektóre podmioty zewnętrzne, którym firma PayPal udostępnia Dane osobowe, są niezależnymi administratorami danych. Oznacza to, że firma PayPal nie decyduje w tym przypadku o sposobie przetwarzania udostępnianych przez nią danych. Dotyczy to urzędów, biur informacji kredytowej, centrów autoryzacyjnych i innych instytucji finansowych. Gdy dane Użytkownika są udostępniane niezależnym administratorom danych, zastosowanie mają ich zasady dotyczące danych. Firma PayPal zachęca do zapoznania się z ich Zasadami zachowania poufności i poznania swoich praw do ochrony danych przed wejściem z nimi w interakcję.
Więcej informacji na temat ochrony Danych osobowych Użytkownika przekazywanych poza EOG, Wielką Brytanię i Szwajcarię można znaleźć w punkcie 8 („
Przekazywanie Danych osobowych za granicę
”).
3. Użytkownicy nieposiadający konta
Dostęp do Usług mogą uzyskiwać osoby nieposiadające konta lub profilu PayPal. Firma PayPal będzie zbierać Dane osobowe Użytkownika nawet wówczas, gdy Użytkownik nie posiada konta PayPal, na przykład gdy korzysta z Usług bez konta PayPal, korzysta z Usług płatniczych nieoznaczonych marką (np. Braintree) lub otrzymuje płatność za pośrednictwem Usług PayPal od posiadaczy kont („Odbiorca”). Firma PayPal używa terminu „Użytkownik” w odniesieniu do posiadaczy kont i osób niebędących posiadaczami kont. Jeśli Użytkownik nie jest posiadaczem konta, jego Dane osobowe będą wykorzystywane w celu świadczenia Usług zgodnie z niniejszymi Informacjami dotyczącymi zasad ochrony danych i odpowiednią
Umową z Użytkownikiem usługi PayPal
.
4. Kategorie Danych osobowych, które firma PayPal gromadzi na temat Użytkownika
Firma PayPal zbiera następujące kategorie informacji o Użytkowniku w celu świadczenia Usług, ciągłego poprawiania komfortu korzystania z nich przez Użytkownika, zarządzania i ulepszania swojej działalności. Rodzaje Danych osobowych, które firma PayPal zbiera na temat Użytkownika, opisano poniżej.
Kategorie Danych osobowych
zbieranych od Użytkownika
, w tym w wyniku jego interakcji z firmą PayPal i korzystania z Usług:
Dane rejestracyjne i kontaktowe
. W zależności od wybranych przez Użytkownika Usług firma PayPal będzie gromadzić imię i nazwisko Użytkownika, adres pocztowy, adres e-mail, informacje o dochodzie, numer telefonu, numer identyfikacji podatkowej, Informacje o płatnościach, zawód, zatrudnienie lub dane firmy oraz inne informacje niezbędne do założenia konta i korzystania z Usług PayPal.
Dane identyfikacyjne i informacje o podpisie
. W zależności od wybranych przez Użytkownika Usług firma PayPal będzie zbierać informacje w celu weryfikacji imienia i nazwiska, adresu, adresu e-mail, numeru telefonu, dokumentu tożsamości wydanego przez organ administracji państwowej, wieku i danych biometrycznych, a także w celu utworzenia i złożenia podpisu elektronicznego Użytkownika.
Informacje o płatnościach
. Informacje takie, jak kwota wysyłana lub żądana, instrument płatniczy, karta, konto finansowe lub konto finansowania płatności używane w związku z Usługami, w tym nazwa wystawcy, typ karty, kod kraju, numer rachunku płatniczego, kod CVV, nazwa użytkownika i numer IBAN.
Informacje o zaimportowanych kontaktach
. Jeśli Użytkownik zdecyduje się na zaimportowanie list kontaktów, firma PayPal będzie gromadzić wprowadzane lub importowane Informacje o kontaktach, takie jak imię i nazwisko, adres, numer telefonu, zdjęcia, adres e-mail lub nazwy użytkowników powiązane z kontaktami, które Użytkownik importuje lub wprowadza ręcznie.
Informacje w profilu konta
.Informacje wprowadzane przez Użytkownika, takie jak nazwa użytkownika, adres e-mail, numer telefonu komórkowego, zdjęcie profilowe, preferowany język lub opis osobisty, które mogą obejmować wrażliwe Dane osobowe ujawniające przekonania religijne, poglądy polityczne lub filozoficzne, niepełnosprawność, orientację seksualną, a także dane biometryczne. Użytkownik może w każdej chwili zmienić ustawienia swojego profilu na prywatne.
Informacje, które Użytkownik podaje podczas kontaktu z firmą PayPal
. Informacje, które Użytkownik ujawnia, gdy odpowiada na ankiety lub kontaktuje się z zespołami obsługi klienta firmy PayPal, takie jak Usługi, z których korzystał, nagrane rozmowy, rozmowy na czacie z firmą PayPal, korespondencja e-mail z firmą PayPal, status konta, historia spłat czy identyfikacja głosowa. Może to obejmować informacje o innych osobach, jeśli Użytkownik zdecyduje się je udostępnić.
Informacje o urządzeniu
. Informacje o urządzeniu oznaczają dane, które można automatycznie zbierać z dowolnego urządzenia używanego do uzyskiwania dostępu do Witryny lub Usług. Takie informacje mogą obejmować m.in. rodzaj urządzenia, informacje o połączeniach sieciowych urządzenia, nazwę urządzenia, jego adres IP, informacje o przeglądarce internetowej i połączeniu internetowym, których Użytkownik używa do uzyskiwania dostępu do Witryny lub Usług, Informacje geolokalizacyjne, informacje o aplikacjach pobranych na urządzenie oraz dane biometryczne.
Wywnioskowane dane
.Firma PayPal może wyciągać wnioski na podstawie transakcji i Danych osobowych Użytkownika, gdy korzysta on z Usług. Jest to konieczne na przykład w celu zapewnienia bezpieczeństwa konta Użytkownika i ochrony Użytkownika przed oszustwami, gdy korzysta on z Usług. Firma PayPal może wyciągać wnioski, które odzwierciedlają wzorce zachowań i osobiste preferencje, nawyki przeglądania i zakupów oraz zdolność kredytową Użytkownika.
Kategorie Danych osobowych
zbieranych od podmiotów zewnętrznych
, w tym od dostawców weryfikujących tożsamość, brokerów danych, dostawców pomagających firmie PayPal w wykrywaniu oszustw, banku Użytkownika, handlowców lub platform podmiotów zewnętrznych, które Użytkownik odwiedza, korzystając z Usług PayPal:
Informacje z powiązanych kont podmiotów zewnętrznych
. Jeśli Użytkownik zdecyduje się powiązać konto niefinansowe lub finansowe, takie jak osobisty adres e-mail, media społecznościowe lub konto bankowe bądź kredytowe, firma PayPal będzie zbierać informacje zgodne z ujawnionym celem, dla którego zostało ono powiązane. Na przykład, jeśli Użytkownik zdecyduje się na udział w
otwartej bankowości
, firma PayPal będzie zbierać dane uwierzytelniające konta, salda kont, transakcje na koncie i informacje o jego sytuacji finansowej z powiązanych kont. W każdej chwili Użytkownik może zmienić zdanie na temat korzystania z tej funkcji i odłączyć powiązane konta.
Informacje z biur informacji kredytowej
. Jeśli jest to dozwolone przez prawo, firma PayPal gromadzi informacje związane z kredytem, takie jak zaległe i historyczne zadłużenie, historia spłat, poprzednie pozytywne decyzje kredytowe, aktualny stosunek pracy oraz relacje z innymi instytucjami finansowymi w ramach korzystania przez Użytkownika z Usług.
Informacje o transakcjach
. Informacje o szczegółach zamówień i zakupów, takie jak opis przedmiotu, ilość, cena, waluta, adres wysyłkowy, informacje o koszyku online, informacje o sprzedającym i kupującym oraz Informacje o płatnościach. Obejmuje to informacje uzyskane na podstawie transakcji, w przypadku których Użytkownik korzysta z Usług bez konta PayPal (np. realizuje transakcje jako gość).
Informacje związane z wymogami prawnymi
. Zgodnie z obowiązującym prawem (np. przepisami dotyczącymi zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy) może to obejmować informacje z zewnętrznych list sankcji, takie jak imię i nazwisko, data urodzenia, miejsce urodzenia, zatrudnienie i powód, dla którego dana osoba znajduje się na danej liście.
Aplikacje innych firm
. Informacje od innych osób związane z korzystaniem przez Użytkownika z aplikacji innych firm, takich jak sklep z aplikacjami Apple App Store, sklep Google Play czy serwisów społecznościowych, takie jak imię i nazwisko, identyfikator w sieci społecznościowej, Informacje o lokalizacji, adres e-mail, identyfikator urządzenia, identyfikator przeglądarki i zdjęcie profilowe. Korzystanie z aplikacji innych firm podlega zasadom zachowania poufności informacji i warunkom korzystania z usługi obowiązującym w przypadku takich aplikacji.
Kategorie Danych osobowych zbieranych automatycznie na temat Użytkownika, w tym związane z uzyskiwaniem przez niego dostępu do witryny internetowej lub aplikacji mobilnej firmy PayPal, z wykorzystaniem plików cookie i podobnych technologii śledzenia oraz urządzeń Użytkownika:
Dane techniczne dotyczące użytkowania
. Informacje o czasie odpowiedzi stron internetowych, błędach pobierania oraz dacie i godzinie skorzystania z usługi, takie jak adres IP, statystyki dotyczące sposobu ładowania lub przeglądania stron, witryny odwiedzone przed przejściem do Witryn oraz inne informacje o użytkowaniu i przeglądaniu zebrane za pomocą plików cookie („
Dane techniczne dotyczące użytkowania
”).
Informacje z urządzenia Użytkownika
. Informacje o ustawieniach języka, adresie IP, identyfikatorze przeglądarki, identyfikatorze urządzenia, preferencjach dotyczących plików cookie, strefie czasowej, systemie operacyjnym, platformie, rozdzielczości ekranu i podobne informacje o ustawieniach urządzenia oraz dane zebrane za pomocą plików cookie lub innych technologii śledzenia.
Informacje o lokalizacji
. Informacje uzyskane na podstawie geolokalizacji opartej na protokole IP, takie jak dane dotyczące szerokości i długości geograficznej, oraz informacje z Globalnego Systemu Pozycjonowania (GPS), jeśli Użytkownik udzieli firmie PayPal zgody na uzyskiwanie dostępu do tych danych w ustawieniach urządzenia.
Wywnioskowane dane
. Firma PayPal może wyciągać wnioski w celu utworzenia profilu, który odzwierciedla wzorce zachowań i osobiste preferencje, takie jak płeć, dochód, nawyki przeglądania i zakupów oraz zdolność kredytową Użytkownika.
5. Jakie Dane osobowe są wykorzystywane i na jakiej podstawie prawnej
Firma PayPal może
przetwarzać
Dane osobowe Użytkownika z różnych powodów dozwolonych na mocy przepisów o ochronie danych obowiązujących w Unii Europejskiej (UE), Wielkiej Brytanii i Szwajcarii oraz zgodnie z poniższymi podstawami prawnymi:
Firma PayPal gromadzi następujące Dane osobowe, które uważa za
niezbędne do wypełnienia swoich zobowiązań przedumownych i umownych
wobec Użytkownika i bez których nie będzie mógł on korzystać z Usług.
Niezbędne kategorie Danych osobowych obejmują:
Dane rejestracyjne i kontaktowe
Dane identyfikacyjne i informacje o podpisie
Informacje o płatnościach
Informacje związane z wymogami prawnymi
Informacje, które Użytkownik podaje podczas kontaktu z firmą PayPal
Informacje o transakcjach
Śledzenie przesyłek
Dane osobowe specyficzne dla usługi
Informacje z biur informacji kredytowej i instytucji finansowych
Informacje z powiązanych kont finansowych
Informacje dotyczące korzystania przez Użytkownika z Usług
Dane techniczne dotyczące użytkowania
Informacje o urządzeniu
Dane dotyczące lokalizacji
Działania te są wykonywane m.in. w następujących celach
:
Świadczenie Usług, wykonywanie odpowiednich umów zawartych z Użytkownikiem i zarządzanie w inny sposób relacjami biznesowymi z Użytkownikiem.
Zarządzanie płatnościami za produkty i relacjami z klientami.
Ocena zdolności kredytowej Użytkownika w związku z jego wnioskiem, potwierdzanie jego tożsamości i danych kontaktowych oraz ochrona jego i innych osób przed oszustwami.
Potwierdzanie tożsamości Użytkownika, również za pomocą podpisu elektronicznego, oraz weryfikacja danych osobowych i kontaktowych Użytkownika.
Udowadnianie, że transakcje zostały zrealizowane.
Ustalanie, wykonywanie lub obrona roszczeń prawnych lub procedur windykacyjnych.
Zachowanie zgodności z procedurami wewnętrznymi.
Ocena, jakie opcje płatności i usługi można zaoferować Użytkownikowi, na przykład przez przeprowadzanie wewnętrznych i zewnętrznych ocen zdolności kredytowej.
Analiza klientów, zarządzanie Usługami, prowadzenie działań wewnętrznych, w tym rozwiązywanie problemów, analiza danych, testowanie, badania i cele statystyczne.
Komunikowanie się z Użytkownikiem w związku z Usługami PayPal.
Zachowanie zgodności z obowiązującymi przepisami prawa UE i państw członkowskich, takimi jak przepisy dotyczące zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy i rachunkowości oraz zasady wydane przez wyznaczone przez PayPal banki i odpowiednie sieci kart płatniczych.
Firma PayPal ma uzasadniony interes polegający na zapewnianiu bezpieczeństwa swoich usług finansowych oraz dalszym oferowaniu innowacyjnych i interesujących dla Użytkownika usług. Firma PayPal robi to, gdy
prawo Użytkownika do nieprzetwarzania danych w tym celu nie przeważa uzasadnionych interesów firmy PayPal
.
Działania te są wykonywane m.in. w następujących celach:
Zapewnianie prezentowania treści w sposób najbardziej dogodny dla Użytkownika i jego urządzenia.
Zapobieganie niewłaściwemu korzystaniu z Usług firmy PayPal w ramach jej starań o zapewnianie bezpieczeństwa platformy.
Ustalanie, czy Użytkownik kwalifikuje się do korzystania z Usług, do których może być uprawniony lub które mogą go zainteresować, na przykład poprzez przeprowadzanie wewnętrznych ocen zdolności kredytowej, a także komunikowanie się z Użytkownikiem w sprawie tych Usług.
Przeprowadzanie analiz ryzyka, zapobieganie oszustwom i zarządzanie ryzykiem.
Udoskonalanie Usług świadczonych przez firmę PayPal i ogólne cele związane z rozwojem działalności, takie jak udoskonalanie modeli ryzyka w celu zminimalizowania liczby oszustw, opracowywanie nowych produktów i funkcji oraz odkrywanie nowych możliwości biznesowych.
Aktualizowanie Konta Użytkownika i informacji finansowych.
Analiza marketingowa, produktów i klientów, w tym przeprowadzanie testów, na przykład w celu ulepszania asortymentu produktów i optymalizacji oferty dla klientów.
Zachowanie zgodności z obowiązującymi przepisami prawa, takimi jak przepisy dotyczące zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy i rachunkowości, wymogi regulacyjne dotyczące adekwatności kapitałowej oraz zasady określone przez wyznaczone banki i odpowiednie sieci kart płatniczych. Oznacza to przetwarzanie Danych osobowych na potrzeby wymogów procedury Poznaj swojego klienta („KYC”), w celu zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy, finansowaniu terroryzmu i oszustwom, wykrywania ich oraz prowadzenia w ich sprawie dochodzeń. Firma PayPal przeprowadza ponadto kontrolę sankcji, składa sprawozdania organom podatkowym, policji, organom ścigania i organom nadzorczym, w przypadku gdy nie jest do tego zobowiązana na mocy prawa UE i prawa państwa członkowskiego, ale gdy w dobrej wierze uzna, że udostępnienie informacji jest niezbędne do zachowania zgodności z obowiązującym prawem.
Umożliwianie Użytkownikowi udziału w konkursach i wydarzeniach oraz korzystania z ofert.
Wykonywanie obowiązków w zakresie zarządzania ryzykiem finansowym, takich jak jakość spłaty kredytów i wiarygodność kredytowa, ryzyko ubezpieczeniowe i zgodność z wymogami adekwatności kapitałowej wynikającymi z obowiązujących przepisów prawa.
Przetwarzanie informacji o kontaktach w celu ułatwienia ich znajdowania i łączenia oraz poprawy dokładności płatności.
Przekazując firmie PayPal informacje o swoich kontaktach, Użytkownik oświadcza, że ma pozwolenie na przekazanie tych informacji PayPal w celach opisanych w niniejszych Informacjach dotyczących zasad ochrony danych.
Dostarczanie Użytkownikowi informacji, wiadomości i materiałów marketingowych dotyczących Usług, w tym w przypadku, gdy firma PayPal współpracuje z innymi podmiotami w celu oferowania podobnych usług.
Powiązanie informacji o Użytkowniku w celu identyfikacji korzystania przez Użytkownika z Usług bez konta PayPal (np. korzystanie z Płatności bez posiadania konta PayPal) lub Usług płatniczych nieoznaczonych marką (np. Braintree) oraz w celu powiązania takich transakcji z kontem Użytkownika, jeśli Użytkownik ma takie konto lub założy je później.
Zapamiętywanie preferencji Użytkownika do zastosowania, gdy będzie on korzystał z Usług następnym razem, takich jak preferowana metoda płatności czy otrzymywanie paragonów cyfrowych pocztą elektroniczną czy w wiadomości SMS podczas realizacji transakcji.
Zgodnie z prawem UE i państw członkowskich firma PayPal ma prawny obowiązek prowadzenia określonych działań związanych z przetwarzaniem danych.
Działania te są wykonywane, gdy jest to konieczne do przestrzegania obowiązujących przepisów
.
Działania te są wykonywane m.in. w następujących celach:
Świadczenie Usług i dostarczanie produktów PayPal.
Potwierdzanie tożsamości Użytkownika, również w związku z podpisem elektronicznym, oraz weryfikacja danych osobowych i kontaktowych Użytkownika.
Ustalanie, wykonywanie lub obrona roszczeń prawnych lub procedur windykacyjnych.
Zapobieganie niewłaściwemu korzystaniu z Usług firmy PayPal w ramach jej starań o zapewnianie bezpieczeństwa platformy.
Przeprowadzanie analiz ryzyka, zapobieganie oszustwom i zarządzanie ryzykiem.
Zachowanie zgodności z obowiązującymi przepisami prawa, takimi jak przepisy dotyczące zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy i księgowości, wymogi regulacyjne dotyczące adekwatności kapitałowej oraz zasady określone przez wyznaczone banki i odpowiednie sieci kart płatniczych. Oznacza to przetwarzanie Danych osobowych na potrzeby wymogów procedury Poznaj swojego klienta (KYC), w celu zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy, finansowaniu terroryzmu i oszustwom, wykrywania ich oraz prowadzenia w ich sprawie dochodzeń. Prowadzenie identyfikacji podmiotów objętych sankcjami, raportowanie do urzędów skarbowych, policji, organów ścigania i organów nadzorczych.
Polegamy na wyraźnej i dobrowolnej zgodzie Użytkownika
na przetwarzanie jego Danych osobowych w celu umożliwienia mu korzystania z pewnych funkcji, które chociaż nie są konieczne do używania Usług, mogą go zainteresować. Do funkcji tych należą synchronizacja listy kontaktów z kontem, podawanie danych biometrycznych, kierowane kampanie reklamowe czy łączenie z platformami zewnętrznymi. Użytkownik może zmienić zdanie na temat korzystania z tych funkcji w dowolnym momencie i zaznaczyć to w ustawieniach konta. Należy pamiętać, że wycofanie zgody nie wpływa na zgodność z prawem żadnego przetwarzania danych, które miało miejsce przed jej wycofaniem. Więcej informacji o prawie do wycofania zgody można znaleźć w punkcie 10 („
Prawa Użytkownika do ochrony danych
”).
6. Czy i dlaczego firma PayPal udostępnia Dane osobowe
Firma PayPal będzie udostępniać Dane osobowe Użytkownika podmiotom zewnętrznym, jeśli będzie to zgodne z prawem.
Te podmioty zewnętrzne obejmują:
Inne spółki PayPal
w celu świadczenia Usług i w celu realizacji uzasadnionych interesów firmy PayPal związanych z prowadzeniem działalności. Interesy te zostały opisane w punkcie 5 („
Jakie Dane osobowe są wykorzystywane i na jakiej podstawie prawnej
”)
. Spółka PayPal, która otrzyma Dane osobowe, będzie je przetwarzać zgodnie z niniejszymi Informacjami dotyczącymi zasad ochrony danych.
Władzom
, w zakresie, w jakim firma PayPal jest prawnie do tego zobowiązana. Do takich organów należą organy podatkowe, organy policji, organy ścigania i organy nadzorcze w odpowiednich krajach. Firma PayPal może być ponadto zobowiązana do przekazywania właściwym organom informacji na temat korzystania przez Użytkownika z jej Usług, na przykład organom fiskalnym lub podatkowym. Dane te mogą obejmować imię i nazwisko Użytkownika, adres oraz informacje dotyczące transakcji kartą przetwarzanych przez firmę PayPal w imieniu Użytkownika i za pośrednictwem Usług firmy PayPal. Podstawą prawną wypełniania obowiązków w zakresie ujawniania informacji wynikających z prawa UE i państw członkowskich jest obowiązek prawny, a w przypadku działania na mocy prawa spoza UE i prawa państwa członkowskiego — uzasadniony interes firmy PayPal w przestrzeganiu odpowiednich przepisów prawa w celu zapobiegania nielegalnym zachowaniom.
Innym instytucjom finansowym i sieciom kart
, na przykład w celu umożliwienia przetwarzania płatności, wspólnego oferowania produktów lub dodawania kart do portfela elektronicznego. Podstawą prawną ujawnienia danych jest wykonywanie umowy z Użytkownikiem. Podmioty te mogą również uzyskiwać dostęp do Danych osobowych Użytkownika w innych uzasadnionych celach, takich jak weryfikacja tożsamości, zapobieganie oszustwom i zarządzanie ryzykiem. Podstawą prawną tego przetwarzania jest uzasadniony interes firmy PayPal i jej partnerów w zakresie zapobiegania nieuczciwym i niezgodnym z prawem zachowaniom.
Agencjom zajmującym się zapobieganiem oszustwom i weryfikacją tożsamości
, na przykład w celu pomocy w wykrywaniu działań wskazujących na oszustwo. Podstawą prawną tego przetwarzania jest uzasadniony interes firmy PayPal i jej partnerów w zakresie zapobiegania nieuczciwym i niezgodnym z prawem zachowaniom.
Firmom windykacyjnym
, na przykład w celu windykacji niespłaconych zaległych długów za pośrednictwem podmiotu zewnętrznego, takiego jak firma windykacyjna. Odbywa się to na podstawie uzasadnionego interesu firmy PayPal polegającego na prowadzeniu działalności i odzyskiwaniu należności. Należy pamiętać, że przetwarzanie Danych osobowych, które Użytkownik bezpośrednio udostępnia tym podmiotom, podlega ich zasadom zachowania poufności. Ponadto podmioty te mogą zgłaszać niespłacone długi do biur informacji kredytowej, co może mieć wpływ na zdolność kredytową lub zdolność do zabezpieczania przyszłych kredytów.
Dostawcom usług
, którzy działają na zlecenie firmy PayPal i w jej imieniu, aby mogli świadczyć usługi, które firma PayPal im zleca, takie jak marketing, rozwój IT, utrzymanie systemów, hosting i wsparcie oraz obsługa klienta. Podstawą prawną tego przetwarzania jest wykonywanie zobowiązań umownych firmy PayPal wobec Użytkownika.
Innym Użytkownikom zgodnie z ustawieniami konta Użytkownika
. Użytkownik może wyświetlać lub udostępniać innym Użytkownikom określone informacje, takie jak zdjęcie profilowe, imię i nazwisko, nazwę użytkownika lub miejscowość zgodnie z ustawieniami konta. Podstawą prawną takiego przetwarzania jest zgoda Użytkownika. Ustawienia profilu można zmienić w dowolnym momencie i bezpłatnie.
Instytucjom finansowym w związku z udziałem Użytkownika w otwartej bankowości
, na przykład gdy inicjuje on połączenie Konta z innym bankiem, rachunkiem karty lub agregatorem. Jest to konieczne, aby sprawdzić, czy Użytkownik posiada wystarczające środki, lub potwierdzić własność jego rachunku. Jeśli Użytkownik zdecyduje się powiązać swoje Konto, podstawą prawną uzyskiwania dostępu do danych jego konta jest wykonywanie zobowiązań umownych firmy PayPal wobec Użytkownika.
Partnerom i handlowcom, ich usługodawcom i innym podmiotom uczestniczącym w transakcjach
. Na przykład gdy Użytkownik korzysta z Usług w celu inicjowania zakupów online, płacenia innym Użytkownikom lub zwracania towarów, firma PayPal może udostępniać informacje o Użytkowniku i jego Koncie innym podmiotom uczestniczącym w przetwarzaniu transakcji Użytkownika. Podstawą prawną takiego przetwarzania są uzasadnione interesy firmy PayPal oraz wykonywanie zobowiązań umownych wobec Użytkownika. Należy pamiętać, że Dane osobowe udostępniane partnerom i handlowcom (lub ich dostawcom usług) uczestniczącym w transakcji podlegają zasadom zachowania poufności i procedurom tych partnerów i handlowców.
Podmiotom zewnętrznym, które są niezależnymi administratorami danych
, na przykład gdy firma PayPal udostępnia Dane osobowe biurom informacji kredytowej, centrom autoryzacyjnym i innym instytucjom finansowym lub gdy używa ich w przypadku zabezpieczeń, aby uniemożliwić botom dostęp do jej Usług.
Należy pamiętać, że przetwarzanie Danych osobowych, które Użytkownik udostępnia tym podmiotom bezpośrednio, podlega ich zasadom zachowania poufności
. Na przykład podczas uzyskiwania dostępu do naszej aplikacji mobilnej firma PayPal stosuje funkcję reCAPTCHA firmy Google, aby zapobiegać niewłaściwemu korzystaniu z Usług. Przetwarzania Danych osobowych, które Użytkownik udostępnia firmie Google, podlega jej
Polityce prywatności
i
Warunkom korzystania z usług
. Więcej informacji na temat biur informacji kredytowej, z którymi firma PayPal współpracuje w celu oceny zdolności kredytowej Użytkownika, można znaleźć w punkcie 12 („
Informacje na temat biur informacji kredytowej
”).
Kupującym lub w związku z przeniesieniem własności przedsiębiorstwa
, na przykład w przypadku sprzedaży firmy lub aktywów firma PayPal może udostępnić Dane osobowe Użytkownika nabywcy tej firmy lub aktywów. Jeśli firma PayPal lub znaczna część aktywów PayPal zostanie nabyta przez podmiot zewnętrzny, Dane osobowe mogą również zostać udostępnione nabywcy. Firma PayPal ma uzasadniony interes polegający na możliwości przeprowadzania takich transakcji.
7. Jak długo firma PayPal przechowuje Dane osobowe Użytkownika
Firma PayPal przechowuje Dane osobowe tak długo, jak jest to konieczne lub dozwolone w kontekście celu, dla którego zostały zgromadzone, i zgodnie z obowiązującym prawem.
Kryteria stosowane do określenia okresu przechowywania danych są następujące:
Dane osobowe wykorzystywane do utrzymywania bieżącej relacji między Użytkownikiem a firmą PayPal są przechowywane przez okres trwania relacji plus 10 lat.
Dane osobowe zgromadzone w związku z obowiązkiem prawnym, któremu firma PayPal podlega, są przechowywane według prawa właściwego, na przykład zgodnie z obowiązującymi przepisami prawa upadłościowego i zobowiązaniami w zakresie zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy.
Firma PayPal przechowuje Dane osobowe przez najkrótszy niezbędny czas, jeśli jest to wskazane w świetle postępowań sądowych, dochodzeń, audytów i praktyk w zakresie zgodności z przepisami lub w celu ochrony przed roszczeniami prawnymi.
8. Przekazywanie Danych osobowych za granicę
Firma PayPal działa w wielu krajach i może (wraz ze swoimi usługodawcami) przekazywać dane Użytkownika poza kraj, w którym on mieszka, i przetwarzać je poza takim krajem. Firma PayPal korzysta z usług zewnętrznych dostawców w celu przetwarzania i przechowywania informacji użytkownika w Stanach Zjednoczonych i innych krajach. Ustawodawstwo obowiązujące w takich krajach nie zawsze zapewnia równoważny poziom ochrony poufności danych. Aby chronić Dane osobowe Użytkownika, firma PayPal podjęła określone działania zgodnie z obowiązującymi w UE i Wielkiej Brytanii przepisami prawa dotyczącymi ochrony danych osobowych. W przypadku przekazywania Danych osobowych w obrębie spółek PayPal firma PayPal stosuje się do Wiążących zasad firmowych zatwierdzonych przez stosowne organy nadzoru (dostępnych
tutaj
). Inne przypadki przekazywania danych opierają się na standardowych klauzulach umownych zatwierdzonych przez Komisję Europejską, co ma zapewnić wysoki standard ochrony informacji i poszanowanie prawa do prywatności.
9. W jaki sposób firma PayPal używa plików cookie i technologii służących do śledzenia
Gdy Użytkownik wchodzi w interakcję z Usługami firmy PayPal, otwiera wiadomości e-mail, które mu ona wysyła, lub odwiedza witrynę internetową podmiotu zewnętrznego, dla którego firma PayPal świadczy Usługi, firma PayPal i jej partnerzy używają plików cookie i innych technologii śledzenia, takich jak znaczniki pikselowe, sygnalizatory WWW i widżety (łącznie „
Pliki cookie
”), aby rozpoznawać Użytkownika, dostosowywać interfejs i treści online, w tym wyświetlać mu reklamy oparte na zainteresowaniach, przeprowadzać analizy, ograniczać ryzyko i zapobiegać potencjalnym oszustwom oraz budować zaufanie i zapewniać bezpieczeństwo w Witrynach i Usługach firmy PayPal. Niektóre aspekty i funkcje Usług i Witryn firmy PayPal wymagają użycia Plików cookie. Jeśli Użytkownik wyłączy lub zablokuje określone Pliki cookie, korzystanie przez niego z Witryn i Usług może być ograniczone lub niemożliwe.
Firma PayPal używa Plików cookie do zbierania informacji o urządzeniu, informacji o aktywności w Internecie i wyciągania wniosków, jak opisano powyżej.
Pliki cookie pomagają firmie PayPal wykonywać następujące czynności:
Zapamiętywać informacje Użytkownika, tak aby nie musiał ich ponownie wprowadzać.
Śledzić i analizować sposób, w jaki Użytkownik korzysta z usług online i wiadomości e-mail firmy PayPal oraz w jaki sposób wchodzi z nimi w interakcję.
Dostosowywać usługi online firmy PayPal do preferencji Użytkownika.
Mierzyć, jak użyteczne i skuteczne są dla Użytkownika usługi i komunikacja firmy PayPal.
W inny sposób zarządzać produktami i usługami oraz je ulepszać.
DNT (Do Not Track — nie śledź) to opcjonalne ustawienie przeglądarki, które pozwala określić preferencje dotyczące śledzenia Użytkownika przez reklamodawców i inne podmioty zewnętrzne. Obecnie Witryny firmy PayPal nie są zaprojektowane pod kątem reagowania na sygnały DNT lub podobne mechanizmy przeglądarek.
Więcej informacji na temat sposobu, w jaki firma PayPal używa Plików cookie, można znaleźć w
Oświadczeniu dotyczącym plików cookie i narzędzi do śledzenia
.
10. Prawa Użytkownika do ochrony danych
Zgodnie z obowiązującymi przepisami o ochronie danych Użytkownik ma określone prawa do kontrolowania gromadzenia i wykorzystywania jego Danych osobowych przez firmę PayPal. Prawa Użytkownika obejmują:
Dostęp do Danych, prawo do ich sprostowania, usunięcia, wyrażenia sprzeciwu wobec ich gromadzenia, do ograniczenia ich wykorzystywania oraz do przenoszalności.
Firma PayPal zdaje sobie sprawę, jak ważna dla Użytkownika jest możliwość kontrolowania wykorzystywania jego Danych osobowych, i zapewnia kilka sposobów korzystania z prawa dostępu (prawa do informacji), sprostowania (poprawienia lub aktualizacji), usunięcia (wymazania), sprzeciwu, przenoszenia (przekazywania) oraz ograniczenia przetwarzania danych w całości lub w części.
Jeśli Użytkownik ma Konto, może skorzystać ze swoich praw do ochrony danych, przechodząc do punktu „Dane i ochrona danych” w Ustawieniach konta w aplikacji PayPal. Nawet jeśli Użytkownik nie ma Konta (na przykład korzysta z usługi Płatności bez posiadania konta PayPal), może złożyć wniosek o uzyskanie dostępu do danych, ich modyfikację, korektę lub usunięcie w odniesieniu do transakcji dokonywanych za pomocą usługi Płatności bez posiadania konta PayPal. Użytkownik może przesłać wniosek dotyczący informacji innej osoby, jeśli jest jej upoważnionym przedstawicielem, kontaktując się z firmą PayPal. Należy pamiętać, że firma PayPal może poprosić Użytkownika o podanie dodatkowych informacji w celu przeprowadzenia weryfikacji.
Prawo do wyrażenia sprzeciwu wobec automatycznego podejmowania decyzji i profilowania
Jeśli Użytkownik nie zostanie zaakceptowany w ramach procedury automatycznego podejmowania decyzji opisanej poniżej, nie będzie mieć dostępu do usług firmy PayPal, takich jak nasze formy płatności. Firma PayPal stosuje kilka mechanizmów zabezpieczeń, aby zapewnić, że podejmowane decyzje są właściwe. Mechanizmy te obejmują bieżące przeglądy modeli decyzyjnych i próby losowe w indywidualnych przypadkach. Jeśli Użytkownik ma jakiekolwiek obawy co do podjętej decyzji, może
się skontaktować z firmą PayPal
, aby mogła ona ustalić, czy procedura została wykonana prawidłowo.
Użytkownik ma prawo sprzeciwić się decyzji podjętej automatycznie, która wiąże się z konsekwencjami prawnymi, lub decyzjom, które w inny sposób mogą znacząco wpłynąć na niego (wraz z odpowiednim profilowaniem),
kontaktując się z firmą PayPal
. W takim przypadku firma PayPal zweryfikuje decyzję, biorąc pod uwagę istotne dodatkowe okoliczności.
Zgody
Co do zasady, jeśli firma PayPal wykorzystuje Dane osobowe Użytkownika za jego zgodą, ma on prawo wycofać swoją zgodę w dowolnym momencie. Nie będzie to miało wpływu na zgodność z prawem przetwarzania, którego dokonano na podstawie uprzednio wyrażonej zgody przed jej wycofaniem.
Wycofanie zgody nie będzie miało wpływu na zgodność z prawem przetwarzania, którego firma PayPal dokonała przed wycofaniem zgody, ani na przetwarzanie Danych osobowych Użytkownika prowadzone w oparciu o zgodną z prawem podstawę przetwarzania inną niż zgoda.
Prawo do wyrażenia sprzeciwu wobec marketingu bezpośredniego
Jeśli firma PayPal wykorzystuje Dane osobowe Użytkownika do celów marketingu bezpośredniego, zawsze może on zmodyfikować wyrażone zgody i sprzeciwić się otrzymywaniu wiadomości marketingu bezpośredniego w przyszłości, korzystając z łącza rezygnacji z subskrypcji w komunikacji elektronicznej lub w ustawieniach konta.
Prawo do wyrażenia sprzeciwu wobec przetwarzania danych na podstawie uzasadnionego interesu
Jeśli firma PayPal wykorzystuje Dane osobowe Użytkownika do realizacji swoich uzasadnionych interesów lub interesów podmiotu zewnętrznego, Użytkownik ma prawo sprzeciwić się wykorzystywaniu przez firmę PayPal danych do tego celu. Patrz punkt 5 („
Jakie Dane osobowe są wykorzystywane i na jakiej podstawie prawnej
”).
W jaki sposób można skorzystać ze swoich praw i jak można się skontaktować z firmą PayPal lub inspektoratem ochrony danych?
Jeśli z jakiegokolwiek powodu Użytkownik będzie mieć zastrzeżenia co do sposobu, w jaki firma PayPal przetwarza jego Dane osobowe, ma on prawo złożyć skargę do inspektoratu ochrony danych w swoim kraju.
Z Inspektorem Ochrony Danych w firmie PayPal można się skontaktować online lub pisząc na adres PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luksemburg.
Jeśli Użytkownik uważa, że jego prawa zostały naruszone, może ponadto dochodzić zadośćuczynienia w
sądzie lokalnym
.
Skargę można również złożyć do
głównego organu nadzorczego ds. ochrony danych firmy PayPal
— Krajowej Komisji ds. Ochrony Danych Wielkiego Księstwa Luksemburga (Luxemburg National Commission for Data Protection, CNPD), pocztą na adres Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luksemburg.
W sprawie wszelkich zapytań dotyczących ochrony danych w Wielkiej Brytanii można się kontaktować z Inspektorem Ochrony Danych w Wielkiej Brytanii, pisząc na adres Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
11. Szczegółowe informacje na temat automatycznego podejmowania decyzji i profilowania
„
Automatyczne podejmowanie decyzji
” to proces podejmowania decyzji za pomocą w pełni zautomatyzowanych metod bez udziału człowieka. W niektórych przypadkach decyzje te
mogą mieć prawny lub podobnie znaczący
wpływ na Użytkownika jako osobę fizyczną. „
Profilowanie
” oznacza analizę osobowości, zachowania, zainteresowań i nawyków danej osoby w celu tworzenia prognoz lub podejmowania decyzji na jej temat. Tam, gdzie zezwala na to prawo UE lub prawo państwa członkowskiego lub gdy jest to konieczne do zawarcia lub wykonania umowy, firma PayPal może w niektórych przypadkach stosować proces automatycznego podejmowania decyzji lub profilowanie w związku z podejmowaniem decyzji. Przykładem zastosowania przez firmę PayPal automatycznego podejmowania decyzji jest ocena zdolności kredytowej w celu ustalenia, czy Użytkownik może korzystać z określonych produktów kredytowych.
Firma PayPal jest zdania, że podejmując takie decyzje automatycznie, jest bardziej obiektywna i zwiększa przejrzystość decyzji dotyczących oferowanych usług. Firma PayPal stosuje kilka mechanizmów zabezpieczeń, aby zapewnić, że podejmowane decyzje są właściwe. Mechanizmy te obejmują bieżące przeglądy modeli decyzyjnych i próby losowe w indywidualnych przypadkach. Użytkownik zawsze może poprosić o zastosowanie ręcznego procesu podejmowania decyzji, wyrazić swoją opinię lub zakwestionować podejmowanie decyzji wyłącznie na podstawie automatycznego przetwarzania, w tym profilowania, jeśli taka decyzja wywoływałaby
skutki prawne lub w inny sposób znacząco wpływała na Użytkownika
. Więcej informacji na temat możliwości wyrażenia sprzeciwu wobec takich decyzji można znaleźć w punkcie 10
(„Prawa Użytkownika do ochrony danych”).
Więcej informacji na temat korzystania przez firmę PayPal z procesu Automatycznego podejmowania decyzji i Profilowania można uzyskać
online
u
Inspektora Ochrony Danych firmy PayPal
.
12. Dlaczego firma PayPal udostępnia Dane osobowe Użytkownika biurom informacji kredytowej
Jeśli Użytkownik złożył wniosek o Usługi kredytowe firmy PayPal, w celu rozpatrzenia tego wniosku firma PayPal może przesłać Dane osobowe Użytkownika do biura informacji kredytowej, które przekaże firmie PayPal informacje o Użytkowniku, np. jego historię finansową. Jest to konieczne w celu oceny zdolności kredytowej i dopasowania produktu, sprawdzenia tożsamości, monitorowania i odzyskiwania długów oraz zapobiegania działalności przestępczej.
Podstawy prawne takiego przekazywania danych znajdują się w art. 6 ust. 1 lit. b (umowne) i art. 6 ust. 1 lit. f (uzasadniony interes) ogólnego rozporządzenia UE o ochronie danych („RODO UE”).
Firma PayPal będzie na bieżąco wymieniać informacje o Użytkowniku z biurami informacji kredytowej, w tym o rozliczonych przez Użytkownika rachunkach i długach, które nie zostały w pełni spłacone w terminie. Informacje te mogą być przekazywane przez biura informacji kredytowej innym organizacjom w celu przeprowadzania podobnych kontroli oraz ustalania miejsca pobytu Użytkownika i odzyskania należnych długów.
Dane Użytkownika zostaną ponadto powiązane z danymi wszelkich współwnioskodawców lub innych partnerów finansowych.
Jak dowiedzieć się więcej
Więcej informacji na temat biura informacji kredytowej, z którego usług firma PayPal korzysta w danym przypadku, można uzyskać u
Inspektora Ochrony Danych firmy PayPal
online
.
Listę biur informacji kredytowej, z których usług firma PayPal korzysta w Wielkiej Brytanii i EOG, można znaleźć
tutaj
. Wskazano tam także dane określonych biur informacji kredytowej w poszczególnych krajach wraz z łączem do informacji o ochronie danych, z których można się dowiedzieć, jak dane biuro będzie wykorzystywało i udostępniało Dane osobowe Użytkownika, w tym jak długo będzie przechowywało takie Dane. W sprawie jakichkolwiek pytań dotyczących usług biur informacji kredytowej, swojej zdolności kredytowej lub informacji przechowywanych na swój temat bądź jeśli Użytkownik chce skorzystać ze swoich praw do ochrony danych, Użytkownik może się bezpośrednio kontaktować z biurami informacji kredytowej działającymi w kraju, w którym mieszka.
13. W jaki sposób firma PayPal chroni Dane osobowe Użytkownika
Firma PayPal stosuje techniczne, fizyczne i administracyjne środki bezpieczeństwa, które mają zapewnić należytą ochronę Danych osobowych Użytkownika przed ich utratą, niewłaściwym użyciem, nieupoważnionym dostępem, ujawnieniem oraz zmianą. Wspomniane zabezpieczenia obejmują zapory, szyfrowanie danych, kontrole dostępu fizycznego do centrów danych oraz kontrole autoryzacji dostępu do informacji. Chociaż firma PayPal dokłada wszelkich starań, aby należycie zabezpieczać swoje systemy i Usługi, Użytkownik ponosi odpowiedzialność za zachowanie poufności swoich haseł oraz informacji podanych podczas rejestrowania Konta lub profilu, a także za zweryfikowanie, czy jego Dane osobowe przechowywane przez firmę PayPal są dokładne i aktualne. Firma PayPal nie ponosi odpowiedzialności za ochronę żadnych Danych osobowych udostępnionych podmiotom zewnętrznym na podstawie autoryzowanego przez Użytkownika powiązania kont.
14. Czy dzieci mogą korzystać z usług firmy PayPal
Firma PayPal nie zbiera świadomie informacji, w tym Danych osobowych, od dzieci poniżej 16 roku życia ani innych osób, które według prawa nie mogą korzystać z jej Witryn i Usług. Jeśli firma PayPal uzyska informacje o tym, że zbiera Dane osobowe od osoby, która nie jest uprawniona do korzystania z jej Usług, niezwłocznie usunie takie dane, chyba że na mocy prawa będzie zobowiązana do ich przechowywania.
Jeśli Użytkownik uważa, że firma PayPal omyłkowo lub nieumyślnie zebrała informacje od osoby, która nie jest uprawniona do korzystania z Usług, powinien się
skontaktować z firmą PayPal
.
15. Aktualizacje niniejszych Informacji dotyczących zasad ochrony danych
Firma PayPal od czasu do czasu modyfikuje niniejsze Informacje dotyczące zasad ochrony danych w celu odzwierciedlenia zmian w prowadzonej działalności, Usługach lub przepisach obowiązującego prawa. Jeśli zmieniona wersja wymaga powiadomienia zgodnie z obowiązującym prawem, firma PayPal powiadomi Użytkownika o tej zmianie z 30-dniowym wyprzedzeniem, umieszczając informację na stronie „
Aktualizacje zasad
” lub „
Informacje dotyczące zasad ochrony danych
” w swojej witrynie. W przeciwnym razie zmienione Informacje dotyczące zasad ochrony danych wejdą w życie z opublikowaną datą wejścia w życie.
16. Informacja dla Użytkowników z EOG i Wielkiej Brytanii dotycząca przepisów prawa bankowego
Zasadniczo prawo luksemburskie, któremu podlega obsługa danych Użytkownika przez firmę PayPal (dotyczące ochrony danych oraz tajemnicy bankowej), wymaga większej przejrzystości niż większość przepisów prawa obowiązujących w Unii Europejskiej. Dlatego — w odróżnieniu od większości dostawców usług internetowych i usług finansowych w Unii Europejskiej — firma PayPal wyszczególnia w swoich Informacjach dotyczących zasad ochrony danych wszystkich zewnętrznych dostawców usług i partnerów biznesowych, którym może ujawniać dane Użytkownika, wraz z celem ujawniania oraz rodzajem ujawnianych danych. Łącze do tych podmiotów zewnętrznych znajduje się
tutaj
. Akceptując niniejsze Informacje dotyczące zasad ochrony danych i utrzymując konto w systemie PayPal, Użytkownik wyraża zgodę na przekazywanie swoich danych tym podmiotom zewnętrznym w wymienionych celach.
Firma PayPal może w pierwszy dzień roboczy każdego kwartału (tj. w styczniu, kwietniu, lipcu i październiku) uaktualniać listę opisanych powyżej podmiotów zewnętrznych. Firma PayPal rozpocznie przekazywanie danych każdemu nowemu podmiotowi lub w nowych celach bądź nowych rodzajów danych opisanych w każdej aktualizacji dopiero po upływie 30 dni od daty opublikowania listy w niniejszych Informacjach dotyczących zasad ochrony danych. Co kwartał, w dni podane powyżej, należy zapoznać się ze zaktualizowaną listą w witrynie PayPal. Jeśli w ciągu 30 dni od daty opublikowania uaktualnionej listy podmiotów zewnętrznych Użytkownik nie wniesie sprzeciwu do zmian w ujawnianiu danych, będzie to oznaczało, że akceptuje zmiany na liście oraz w niniejszych Informacjach dotyczących zasad ochrony danych. Jeżeli Użytkownik nie wyraża zgody na wprowadzone zmiany, może zamknąć swoje konto i zaprzestać korzystania z usług PayPal.
W celu świadczenia Usług firmy PayPal może być konieczne przekazywanie niektórych zbieranych przez firmę PayPal informacji (jak określono w niniejszych Informacjach dotyczących zasad ochrony danych) innym przedsiębiorstwom powiązanym z firmą PayPal lub innym podmiotom, w tym wymienionym w tym punkcie jako dostawcy usług płatniczych, podmioty przetwarzające płatności lub posiadacze kont (bądź podmioty o podobnych zdolnościach). Użytkownik przyjmuje do wiadomości, że zgodnie z przepisami lokalnymi takie podmioty mogą podlegać przepisom, regulacjom, dochodzeniom, zapytaniom lub zamówieniom, które mogą wymagać ujawnienia informacji odpowiednim władzom danego kraju. Korzystanie przez Użytkownika z Usług firmy PayPal oznacza, że wyraża on zgodę na przekazywanie takich informacji na potrzeby świadczenia Usług firmy PayPal.
W szczególności Użytkownik zleca firmie PayPal i zgadza się na następujące działania związane ze swoimi informacjami:
a. Ujawnianie wymaganych informacji policji i innym organom ścigania, służbom odpowiedzialnym za bezpieczeństwo, uprawnionym instytucjom rządowym, międzyrządowym oraz ponadnarodowym, uprawnionym agencjom, wydziałom, organom regulacyjnym, organom lub organizacjom samoregulującym (w tym m.in. agencjom określonym w punkcie „Agencje” na liście Zewnętrznych dostawców usług, która znajduje się
tutaj
) oraz innym podmiotom zewnętrznym, w tym spółkom z grupy PayPal, (i) jeśli firma PayPal jest do tego zobligowana prawnie i spełnia warunki objęcia m.in. luksemburską ustawą z dnia 24 lipca 2015 r. dotyczącą amerykańskiej Ustawy o ujawnianiu informacji o rachunkach zagranicznych dla celów podatkowych („Ustawa FATCA”) oraz luksemburską Ustawą z dnia 18 grudnia 2015 r. o wspólnych normach sprawozdawczości w OECD („Ustawa CRS”); (ii) co do których firma PayPal ma podstawę wierzyć, że jest dla niej stosowne, by współpracować przy prowadzeniu dochodzenia dotyczącego oszustwa lub innej działalności nielegalnej albo potencjalnie nielegalnej lub (iii) przy prowadzeniu dochodzenia dotyczącego naruszenia Umowy z Użytkownikiem (w tym m.in. dotyczącego źródła finansowania płatności lub wystawcy karty kredytowej lub debetowej).
Jeśli Użytkownik podlega ustawie FATCA lub CRS, firma PayPal ma obowiązek poinformowania go o informacjach, które go dotyczą, a które firma PayPal może przekazywać różnym organom. Należy zapoznać się z informacjami na temat zobowiązań firmy PayPal wynikających z ustaw FATCA i CRS oraz tego, jak przepisy tych ustaw mogą dotyczyć Użytkownika, a także na temat informacji ujawnianych przez firmę PayPal.
Firma PayPal oraz inne organizacje, w tym strony, które akceptują system PayPal, mogą również udostępniać wymagane informacje (w tym między innymi informacje zebrane przez agencje ds. zwalczania przestępczości finansowej) oraz uzyskiwać dostęp do takich informacji i wykorzystywać je (w tym informacje z innych krajów), aby pomóc firmie PayPal i sobie w ocenie ryzyka i zarządzaniu nim (w tym, między innymi, aby zapobiegać oszustwom, praniu brudnych pieniędzy i finansowaniu działalności terrorystycznej). Aby uzyskać dodatkowe informacje na temat odpowiednich agencji ds. zwalczania przestępczości finansowej, należy się skontaktować z firmą PayPal. Aby uzyskać więcej informacji na temat tych Agencji, agencji ds. zwalczania przestępczości finansowej i innych podmiotów zewnętrznych, należy kliknąć
tutaj
.
b. Ujawnianie Informacji o koncie właścicielowi praw własności intelektualnej, jeżeli, powołując się na stosowne prawo kraju członkowskiego UE, zgłosi on roszczenie względem firmy PayPal o pozasądowe ujawnienie informacji ze względu na naruszenie jego praw własności intelektualnej, do którego została użyta Usługa PayPal (np. punkt 19, paragraf 2, podpunkt 3 niemieckiej Ustawy o znakach towarowych lub punkt 101, paragraf 2, podpunkt 3 niemieckiej Ustawy o prawach autorskich).
c. Ujawnianie wymaganych informacji, do którego firma PayPal jest zobowiązana w związku z wytycznymi stowarzyszeń kart kredytowych lub toczącym się postępowaniem cywilnym lub karnym.
d. Opublikowanie imienia i nazwiska Użytkownika oraz łącza PayPal w katalogu użytkowników usługi PayPal. Dzięki temu użytkownicy usługi PayPal wyszukujący imię i nazwisko, adres e-mail lub numer telefonu Użytkownika bądź część tych informacji otrzymają potwierdzenie danych Użytkownika. Ma to na celu zapewnienie użytkowników, że dokonują płatności na rzecz właściwego użytkownika. Tę funkcję można wyłączyć w ustawieniach profilu PayPal.
e. Jeśli Użytkownik jest handlowcem i korzysta z usług podmiotów zewnętrznych w celu uzyskiwania dostępu do Usług PayPal lub ich integracji, firma PayPal może ujawniać takiemu partnerowi niezbędne informacje w celu ułatwienia zawarcia i wywiązania się z takiej umowy (w tym między innymi informacje o statusie takiej integracji Usług PayPal, o tym, czy Użytkownik posiada aktywne konto PayPal, oraz o współpracy Użytkownika z innym partnerem integracji Usług PayPal).
f. Ujawnianie niezbędnych informacji podmiotom przetwarzającym płatności, audytorom, dostawcom usług obsługi klienta, biurom informacji kredytowej i agencjom ds. zwalczania przestępczości finansowej, dostawcom produktów finansowych, partnerom komercyjnym, firmom świadczącym usługi marketingowe i public relations, dostawcom usług operacyjnych, firmom należącym do grupy, agencjom, platformom handlowym i innym podmiotom zewnętrznym wymienionym
tutaj
. Celem takiego ujawniania jest umożliwienie firmie PayPal świadczenia Usług PayPal na rzecz Użytkownika. Na liście podmiotów zewnętrznych w odniesieniu do każdej kategorii firma PayPal podała również niewyczerpującą listę przykładowych podmiotów zewnętrznych (które mogą obejmować ich cesjonariuszy i następców prawnych), którym firma PayPal obecnie ujawnia Informacje o koncie Użytkownika lub wobec których może rozważać ujawnianie takich informacji, wraz z celem takiego ujawniania oraz faktycznie ujawnianymi informacjami. Z wyjątkiem sytuacji, w których zostało to wyraźnie określone, takie podmioty zewnętrzne na mocy obowiązującego prawa lub umowy nie mogą używać tych informacji w celach innych niż cele, dla których informacje te zostały ujawnione.
g. Ujawnianie wymaganych informacji przedstawicielowi prawnemu Użytkownika (pełnomocnikowi lub opiekunowi, którego wyznaczono dla Użytkownika).
h. Udostępnianie zagregowanych danych statystycznych partnerom biznesowym lub na potrzeby public relations. Firma PayPal może na przykład ujawnić, że określony procent użytkowników mieszka w Manchesterze. Takie zagregowane informacje nie są jednak powiązane z Danymi osobowymi.
i. Udostępnianie wymaganych Informacji o koncie niestowarzyszonym podmiotom zewnętrznym (wymienionym
tutaj
) w następujących celach:
Zapobieganie oszustwom i zarządzanie ryzykiem: aby pomóc w zapobieganiu oszustwom lub ocenie ryzyka i zarządzaniu nim.
Dział Obsługi Klienta: w celach świadczenia usług przez Dział Obsługi Klienta, w tym pomocy przy obsłudze konta Użytkownika lub rozstrzyganiu sporów (np. związanych z rozliczeniami lub transakcjami).
Wysyłka: w związku z wysyłką i powiązanymi usługami dotyczącymi zakupów zrealizowanych przy użyciu Usług PayPal.
Zgodność z prawem: aby pomóc w zachowaniu zgodności z wymogami weryfikacyjnymi wynikającymi z przepisów dotyczących zapobiegania praniu brudnych pieniędzy i finansowania działalności terrorystycznej.
Dostawcy usług: aby umożliwić dostawcom usług, na mocy umowy zawartej z firmą PayPal, obsługę działalności biznesowej firmy PayPal, np. w celu zapobiegania oszustwom, prowadzenia windykacji, realizacji działań marketingowych, obsługi klienta i świadczenia usług technologicznych. Zgodnie z umowami firmy PayPal tacy dostawcy usług korzystają z informacji Użytkownika wyłącznie w powiązaniu z usługami, które świadczą na rzecz firmy PayPal, a nie dla własnych korzyści.
17. Definicje
Informacje o urządzeniu oznaczają dane, które można automatycznie zbierać z dowolnego urządzenia używanego do uzyskiwania dostępu do Witryny lub Usług. Takie informacje mogą obejmować m.in. rodzaj urządzenia, informacje o połączeniach sieciowych urządzenia, nazwę urządzenia, jego adres IP, informacje o przeglądarce internetowej i połączeniu internetowym, których Użytkownik używa do uzyskiwania dostępu do Witryny lub Usług, Informacje geolokalizacyjne, informacje o aplikacjach pobranych na urządzenie oraz dane biometryczne.
Informacje geolokalizacyjne oznaczają informacje, które umożliwiają dokładne określenie lokalizacji Użytkownika, np. poprzez wykorzystanie współrzędnych geograficznych uzyskanych z systemu GPS lub ustawień urządzenia.
Informacje lokalizacyjne oznaczają informacje, które umożliwiają w miarę dokładne określenie przybliżonej lokalizacji Użytkownika, np. poprzez wykorzystanie współrzędnych geograficznych uzyskanych z systemu GPS lub metody triangulacji z wykorzystaniem sieci komórkowej lub Wi-Fi.
Partner oznacza handlowca lub firmę, z którymi Użytkownicy dokonują transakcji w celu uzyskania towarów lub usług.
Płatności bez posiadania konta PayPal zostały zdefiniowane w
Warunkach świadczenia usługi „Płatności bez posiadania konta PayPal”
.
Spółki PayPal to przedsiębiorstwa, które są własnością firmy PayPal i którymi ona zarządza oraz które przetwarzają Dane osobowe zgodnie ze swoimi warunkami świadczenia usług i zasadami zachowania poufności. Spółki PayPal to m.in. Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet oraz Braintree.
Dane osobowe to informacje, które mogą być powiązane ze zidentyfikowaną lub możliwą do bezpośredniego lub pośredniego zidentyfikowania osobą fizyczną. Mogą one obejmować m.in. imię i nazwisko, adres pocztowy (w tym adres rozliczeniowy i wysyłkowy), numer telefonu, adres e-mail, numer karty płatniczej, inne informacje finansowe dotyczące konta, numer konta, datę urodzenia, dane uwierzytelniające wystawione przez organ administracji państwowej (np. numer prawa jazdy, numer dowodu osobistego, numer paszportu) oraz dane biometryczne.
Przetwarzanie oznacza dowolną metodę lub dowolny sposób postępowania przez firmę PayPal z Danymi osobowymi lub ich zestawami, na przykład przy użyciu środków zautomatyzowanych, np. gromadzenie, nagrywanie, porządkowanie, organizowanie, przechowywanie, adaptowanie, modyfikowanie, odzyskiwanie, konsultowanie, wykorzystywanie, ujawnianie przez przekazywanie, rozpowszechnianie lub innego rodzaju udostępnianie, dostosowywanie lub łączenie, ograniczanie, usuwanie lub niszczenie Danych osobowych.
Usługi oznaczają wszelkie usługi płatnicze oznaczone marką lub Usługi płatnicze nieoznaczone marką PayPal, Płatności bez posiadania konta PayPal, produkty i usługi kredytowe, treści, funkcje, technologie lub funkcje oraz wszelkie powiązane witryny, aplikacje i usługi oferowane Użytkownikowi przez firmę PayPal. Korzystanie z Usług obejmuje korzystanie z Witryn firmy PayPal.
Witryny to witryny, aplikacje mobilne, oficjalne platformy społecznościowe lub inne zasoby online, za pośrednictwem których firma PayPal oferuje Usługi oraz które zostały wymienione lub do których zamieszczono łącza w Informacjach dotyczących zasad ochrony danych.
W przypadku Usług płatniczych nieoznaczonych marką Użytkownik wchodzi w interakcję z handlowcami, którzy korzystają z usług płatności kartą firmy PayPal nieoznaczonych marki PayPal, i dokonuje płatności na ich rzecz.
Użytkownikiem jest każda osoba, która jako konsument korzysta z Usług do użytku osobistego lub domowego. Na potrzeby niniejszych Informacji termin „Użytkownik” obejmuje określenia „Ty” i „Ciebie”.
18. Dane kontaktowe firmy PayPal
Z Inspektorem Ochrony Danych w firmie PayPal można się kontaktować
online
lub pisząc na adres PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luksemburg.
Jeśli Użytkownik
jest rezydentem Wielkiej Brytanii
, może się skontaktować z Inspektorem Ochrony Danych firmy PayPal pod adresem Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Aby skontaktować się z firmą PayPal w sprawie konta PayPal lub Usług, należy kliknąć
tutaj
.
Aby skontaktować się z firmą PayPal w sprawie konta lub Usług Xoom, należy kliknąć
tutaj
.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.coinbase.com/legal/privacy?locale=en:
Coinbase Global Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 26, 2024
.
We at Coinbase (the Coinbase entities listed in
Section 11 below
, referred to here as “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) respect and protect the privacy of those who explore our Services (“
Users
”) and Users who sign up for and access our Services (“
Customers
”) (together referred throughout this policy as “
you
” and “
your
”).
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share personal information when you explore, sign up for or access our
“Services”
, which include the services offered on our websites, including
coinbase.com
,
coinbase.com/exchange
,
coinbase.com/prime
,
coinbase.com/futures
,
coinbase.com/cloud
(each a “
Site
” and collectively the "
Sites
") or when you use the Coinbase mobile app, the Coinbase Card App, Coinbase Exchange, Coinbase Prime, Dapp Wallet, or Coinbase Custody application programming interface (“
API
”) or third party applications relying on such APIs (together, our “
Apps
”) and related services.
If you reside outside of the UK and the European Economic Area (the “
EEA
”), accessing and using our Services means that you accept this Privacy Policy and its terms.
It is important that you understand how we use your information. You should read this page in full, but below are the key highlights and some helpful links:
Our goal is to simplify your crypto experience. If you do not wish for your personal information to be collected, used, or disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy, or you are under 18 years of age, you should stop accessing our Services.
We collect and use your information in order to provide and improve our Services and your experience, protect the security and integrity of our platform, and meet our legal obligations.
To learn more, explore
Section 1. What Information We Collect
and
Section 2. How We Use Your Information
.
We share your information with other Coinbase companies, as well as trusted third parties and service providers, in order to offer our Services and fulfill legal requirements.
To learn more, explore
Section 3. How And Why We Share Your Information
.
We offer privacy tools for you to request access to or deletion of information we hold about you. You can use these tools by visiting your
Privacy Rights Dashboard
. Depending on where you live, you may also have other privacy rights under law.
If you have any questions, please contact us on our
Support Portal
or at dpo@coinbase.com. See
Section 9. How to Contact Us With Questions
for more information.
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following personal information and documentation:
Information You Provide to Us

Information Category
Description
Basic Customer Information
Name, Address, Date of birth, Nationality, Country of residence, Gender, Phone number, Email Address
Supplemental Identification Information
Utility bills (for your billing address), Photographs and/or videos, Government-issued identity document, e.g. passport, driver’s license, or state identification card, Social security number, Employment information (e.g. company name), Proof of residency, including visa information
Electronic Identification (“
EIDV
”) Information
Biometric information generated based on photos or videos you provide in order for us to verify your identity
Institutional Information (if you are an institutional Customer)
Employer Identification number (or comparable number issued by a government), Personal identification information for all material beneficial owners of your business
Financial Information
Bank account number, Payment card primary account number ("
PAN
"), Trading and investment experience, Tax identification number, Income/net assets/wealth verification statements
Wallet Information
When you sign up to use our Web3 browser, self-custody, or multi-coin crypto wallet, and connect it to your Coinbase account, we collect your Wallet address and information related to integrations that you select
Preferences
The digital asset(s) you choose to be paid in through our Direct Deposit service, Settings and preferences you select in the Coinbase app
Transaction Information
Information about the transactions made on our Services, such as the name of the sender, the name of the recipient, the amount, currency preferences, payment method, date, and/or timestamp
Additional information you submit to us
Communications:
Survey responses, information (including call recordings) provided to our Customer Support team or User Research team,
including communications with interfaces such as our chatbots.
Referral Information:
Your contacts’ phone or email addresses if you choose to invite friends to Coinbase (available only in certain countries outside the EEA)
Information Collected Automatically

Information Category
Description
App, browser, and device information
Information about the device, operating system, and browser you’re using
Other device characteristics or identifiers (e.g. plugins, the network you connect to)
IP address
Product Usage Information
Activity information:
Information about what you view or click on while visiting our Sites and Apps and how you use our Services
Diagnostic and Troubleshooting Information:
Information about how our Services are performing when you use them, i.e. service-related diagnostic and performance information, including timestamps, crash data, website performance logs, and error messages or reports
Information from cookies and similar technologies
See our
Cookies Policy
for more information
Information we obtain from Affiliates and third parties

Information Category
Description
Coinbase Group of Companies (“
Affiliates
”)
We may obtain information about you, such as Basic Customer Information, Transaction Information and Product Usage Information, from our Affiliates as a normal part of conducting business. For instance, if you link your various Coinbase accounts e.g. your Coinbase Wallet account or your Coinbase Commerce account, we may utilize your Wallet Information and Financial Information in order to convert cryptocurrency into fiat and allow you to make withdrawals into your bank account. For more information, please see
Section 3. How and Why We Share Your Information
Public Database Information
We obtain information about you from public databases, such as the United Nations Sanctions List, US ITA Consolidated Screening List, and the SEC EDGAR, including your name, address, email address, phone number, gender, national ID number and nationality/country of residence, date of birth, job role, public employment profile, listing on any sanctions lists maintained by public authorities, and other data as necessary
Blockchain Data
We may analyze public blockchain data, including timestamps of transactions or events, transaction IDs, digital signatures, transaction amounts, and wallet addresses
Information from our Marketing and Advertising Partners
We receive information such as your name and contact information from our marketing partners, including in some instances what marketing content you viewed or the  actions you take on our Sites
Information from Analytics Providers
We receive information about your Site usage, interactions, age group, and survey responses (including prior to account creation, in some cases)
Retail Merchant Information
If you use your Coinbase account to conduct a transaction with a third party merchant, the merchant may provide us with data about you, such as your name and contact details, and your transaction with that merchant
Research and In-App Survey Information
We use third party service providers to conduct in-app surveys to better understand our Customers’ experience and improve our Services. The information we receive from our research partners is pseudonymous
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your personal information to deliver, personalize, operate, improve, create, and develop our Services, to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient and customized experience as you use them, and for legal compliance, loss prevention, and anti-fraud purposes. Learn more about how we use your personal information and our legal basis for each such data use:
Data use necessary to perform our contract with you

We use certain information that is necessary to conclude and perform our
Customer Agreement
or other relevant contract(s) with you. We will need to terminate your account if we cannot process your personal information for such purposes.
Why and How We Use Your Information
Information Categories Used
To create and maintain your Coinbase account
In order to provide you with our Services, and to allow you to set up a customer account and profile.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information
To provide you with Consumer Services
In order to provide you with personalized Services to invest (such as buy or sell), save, earn, spend, stake, and borrow within your account, including hosting and maintaining your digital wallets, including your E-Money Wallet, Digital Currency Wallet, and Web3 Wallet (when you connect them to your Coinbase account)
and to provide you with
Verified by Coinbase
.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information, Institutional Information, Transaction Information, Wallet Information, Preferences, Blockchain Data, Product Usage Information, Additional information you submit to us (not including Referral Information, which we do not retain)
To provide you with Institutional Services
In order to provide Services to you, investors and institutions to allow investing, payment, asset listings, and account management.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information, Institutional Information, Additional information you submit to us, Wallet Information, Transaction Information
To provide you with Developer Services
In order to provide you with Coinbase Pay,  a payment feature that allows you to buy or transfer supported crypto on Coinbase to your wallet, and Direct Deposit, which allows you to get your salary paid in the cryptocurrency of your choice, asset controls, and connects merchants to Users or Customers to allow acceptance and provision of crypto payments.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information, Preferences
To provide you with Coinbase Cloud Services
In order to provide you with our Coinbase Cloud services, which offers tools, APIs and infrastructure for Web3 development and, staking services.
Basic Customer Information, Transaction Information, Wallet Information, Financial Information, Blockchain Data
To provide customer support
To address your request for support in the Apps, via the Sites or by email and to respond to customer care and other inquiries, including providing telephone-based premium customer support to Customers (who provide their telephone numbers), chat message support (including chatbots), and social support.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information (including Location Information), Communications
To send Service communications
To send you administrative or account-related communications about our Services, which can include security updates or transaction-related information, through email, telephone, or in-product/push notifications. You may not opt-out of receiving critical service communications, such as emails or mobile notifications sent for legal or security purposes.
Basic Customer Information, Product Usage Information, Communications, Transaction Information
To promote the safety, security and integrity of our Services
To verify accounts and related activity, find and address violations of our Customer
Agreement
or policies (including our
Prohibited & Conditional Use Policy
), investigate suspicious activity, detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behaviour, detect fraudulent behaviour and to maintain the integrity of our Services, including account takeover (“
ATO
”) prevention and support.
Basic Customer Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Supplemental Identification Information,  Institutional Information, Financial Information, Communications, Additional information you submit to us
Data use to comply with our legal obligations

Our Services are subject to laws and regulations requiring us to collect, use, and store your personal information in certain ways. If you do not provide the personal information required by law, we will have to close your account.
Why and How We Use Your Information
Information Categories Used
To verify your identity
We are generally required to collect various pieces of personal information to properly identify or verify your identity and comply with other specific anti-money laundering (“
AML
”) or sanctions laws/regulations (e.g. funds transfer rules).  Our verification processes also involve electronic identification through the comparison of your ‘selfie’ against your provided verification information.  All such information is securely maintained by Coinbase and its service providers, and is only disclosed where permitted by law.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, EIDV Information
To determine your legal eligibility for certain regulated products
When you use certain locally regulated products or engage in certain advanced trading activities, we may be required to carry out additional checks to ensure your suitability (e.g. under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation).
Basic Customer Information, Financial Information, Supplemental Identification Information
To comply with other legal and regulatory obligations
We may access, read, preserve, and disclose information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with law, legal obligations, regulations, law enforcement, governmental, and other legal requests, court orders, or for disclosure to tax authorities.
Examples of laws that may require us to collect, use or disclose your information:
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters:
where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, US federal and state consumer protection and privacy laws, subpoenas from any court with jurisdiction, and/or Singapore Criminal Procedure Code 2010).
Corporate and taxation matters:
obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, and the Internal Revenue Service code.
Regulatory matters
: to comply with our regulatory obligations, including  engaging with our regulators, such as (but not limited to) the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the National Futures Association, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Central Bank of Ireland,
the UK Financial Conduct Authority,
the German federal financial supervisory authority ("
BaFin
"), the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information , Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data
Data use for our Legitimate Interests

We rely on our legitimate interests or those of third parties (like our other Customers and in some cases, the general public) where they are not outweighed by your rights and freedoms. In the EEA and UK, you have the right to object to, and seek the restriction of, this processing. See
Section 7. Your Privacy Rights and Choices
for more information.
Why and How We Use Your Information
Legitimate Interests Relied On
Information Categories Used
To customize your experience with our Services and otherwise improve our Services
In order to perform core metrics, customize your experience with our Services and to generally improve our Services, we collect information about your online activity while you are using the Services (for example, when and how often pages on our Sites are visited, and our Services are used).
It is in our interest to understand how you interact with the Services in order to customize and/or improve our products and Services and enable accurate and reliable reporting.
Basic Customer Information, Product Usage Information, Transaction Information
To provide marketing communications to you
We use your information to send you targeted  marketing communications through email, mobile, in-app and push notifications or by SMS.
You may also see ads for our Services when you visit other apps and websites.
It is in our interest to promote Coinbase products and Services that you may be interested in.
Basic Customer Information, Institutional Information, Product Usage Information, Transaction Information, Information from our Marketing Partners
To provide you with promotions
We use your information to provide promotions, including sweepstakes offers or other incentives and rewards for using our Services.
It is in our interest and your interest to reward customer loyalty.
Basic Customer Information, Wallet Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Transaction Information
We preserve and share information with others, including law enforcement, civil litigants, and others who may issue legal requests
Where not otherwise required by law, and depending on the circumstances, we may preserve and share your information:
- in response to requests from third parties, such as civil litigants, law enforcement, and other government authorities, for example to assist authorities in the investigation of fraud;
- to promote the safety, security, and integrity of the Coinbase Service, network, our Customers, Users, employees, property and the public;
- when we seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation or other disputes, such as violations of our Customer Agreement and policies; and/or
- to respond to Customer/claimant requests or communications, reviewing Customer accounts and transactions for litigation disputes, and recording account details for litigation and settlement purposes.
It is in our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Services, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Coinbase personnel and property or the Service), our Customers or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; to defend our legal rights and resolve disputes; to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent and address fraud, abuse, spam and other bad experiences or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data
To promote safety, security and integrity
Outside of performing our contract with you, we may use and analyze your information  to protect the integrity of our Services. For example, we may use it to:
- log customer reports and patterns of suspicious behaviour to understand techniques being used by bad actors who may wish to interfere with the Services; and
- to identify and investigate patterns of suspicious behaviour or violations of our policies and Terms.
It is in our interest and the interests of our Users and Customers to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent and address fraud, abuse, spam and other bad experiences.
Any of the categories of information listed in
Section 1. What Information We Collect.
To research and innovate
We carry out surveys of your experience using the Services and the trading that you engage in to conduct and support research and innovation on topics related to our Services.
It is in our interest and our Customers’ interest to improve and iterate our Services through information obtained from these research surveys and interviews.
Basic Customer Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications, Research and In-App Survey Information
To provide customer support
To provide communications and customer support through our Customer Support team and User Research team, including communications with interfaces such as our chatbots.
It is in our interest and our Customers’ interest to provide customer support and improve our Services.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Additional Information you submit to us
Data use based on your consent

When we use your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on a go-forward basis (which will not affect our prior use of your data, based on your previously given consent). You may change your device-based or in-app settings anytime as described in
Section 7. Your Privacy Rights and Choices.
Why and How We Use Your Information
Information Categories Used
To enable device-based settings
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser, and device information
To provide marketing communications to you
To send you targeted marketing communications through email, mobile, in-app, and push notifications or by SMS.
You may also see ads for our Services when you visit other apps and websites
Basic Customer Information, Institutional Information, Product Usage Information, Transaction Information, Information from our Marketing Partners, Additional information You Provide to Us
Data use to protect your or others’ vital interests

Why and How We Use Your Information
Information Categories Used
Preserving, reviewing, and sharing information with law enforcement and others
We may preserve, review, and share information with law enforcement and others in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. For example, where there is a risk to the well-being or life of a Coinbase Customer.
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data
If you reside outside the United Kingdom or EEA, the legal bases on which we rely in your country may differ from those listed above.
3. HOW AND WHY WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We work with service providers, partners and other third parties to help us provide our Services, and as a result we need to share certain information with these third parties.  Here’s how:
Affiliates

Personal information that we process and collect may be transferred between companies, Services, and employees affiliated with us as a normal part of conducting business and offering our Services to you. See
Section 11. Our Relationship With You
for a list of our affiliated companies and Services.
Linked Third Party Websites

When you use third-party services (like when you connect your Coinbase account with your bank account) or websites that are linked through our Services, the providers of those services or products may receive information about you that Coinbase, you, or others share with them. Please note that when you use third-party services or Coinbase Affiliate Services which are not governed by this Privacy Policy, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products.
TRUST

TRUST is a global, secure, and industry-driven solution designed to comply with a requirement known as the Travel Rule while protecting your security and privacy. Coinbase and other custodial cryptocurrency exchanges and financial institutions share certain basic information about their customers when sending funds over a certain amount to another financial institution. To learn more, see
Travel Rule FinCEN Advisory
.
Professional advisors, industry partners, authorities and regulators

We share your information described in
Section 1. What Information We Collect
with our advisors, regulators, tax authorities, law enforcement, government agencies, and industry partners to:
- respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, court orders, legal process or government requests;
- comply with our reporting and information sharing obligations with industry partners, including other Virtual Asset Service Providers (“
VASPs
”) and regulatory authorities;
- detect, investigate, prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activity or security and technical issues; and
- protect the rights, property, and safety of our Customers, Coinbase and its Affiliates, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Asset Transfer or Company Acquisition

We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer information about our Customers in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, merged, reorganized, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control or similar event, your personal information could be one of the assets transferred to the acquiring party.
Third-Party Service Providers

We work with third-party service providers to help us provide our Services. When we share information with third-party service providers in this capacity, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms and only process as necessary for the purpose of the contract. We work with different types of third-party service providers, including:
Types of Third-Party Service Providers We Use
What Information We Share
Third-Party Electronic ID Verification Service Vendors
, including those that process biometric information
Vendors for tax reporting
Derivatives service providers
Retail merchants (to provide rewards/incentives)
Marketing and promotions providers (to promote our Services)
Telecommunications technology providers (to send you messages, including SMS messages)
CTF/AML service providers (for the purposes of transaction monitoring)
Data hosting service providers and payment vendors (for off-site data hosting)
Security service providers (for investigating fraud and security incidents)
Analytics providers (to understand how you use our Services)
Payment processing companies (to process transactions on our behalf)
Document repository services providers
Customer support vendors
Chatbots
Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, EIDV Information, Institutional Information, Usage Information, Transaction Information, Blockchain Data, Wallet Information, Additional information you submit to us
4. HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain your information as needed to provide our Services, comply with legal obligations, or protect our or others’ interests. While retention requirements vary by country, we maintain internal retention policies on the basis of how information needs to be used. This includes considerations such as when the information was collected or created, whether it is necessary in order to continue offering you our Services, whether we are required to hold the information to comply with our legal obligations, including AML/KYC compliance or other financial regulatory obligations, or information preservation requirements.
We also keep certain information where necessary to protect the safety, security and integrity of our Services, Customers, and Users. Our third-party electronic identity verification providers collect and retain biometric information for the period required for financial regulatory compliance or otherwise as required by applicable law. They retain this information for as long as set out in their
applicable notices/policies
.
In line with these considerations, we delete information that is no longer needed for the above purposes when you close your account, or when you request deletion of your information (which you can initiate through your
Privacy Rights Dashboard
).
5. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Sites and Services are not directed to persons under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly request or collect any information about persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide any personal information through the Sites or Services. If a User or Customer submitting personal information is suspected of being younger than 18 years of age, Coinbase will require the relevant Customer or User to close his or her account, and will take steps to delete the individual’s information as soon as possible.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
To facilitate our global operations, Coinbase, its Affiliates, third-party partners, and service providers may transfer, store, and process your personal information throughout the world, including Ireland, Germany, Singapore, the UK, the US, and the Philippines.
See here for more information
.
If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, we rely upon a variety of legal mechanisms to facilitate these transfers of your personal information (collectively, “
European Personal Data
”).
We rely primarily on the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses to facilitate the international and onward transfer of European Personal Data to third countries, including from our EU operating entities to Coinbase, Inc. in the United States. For a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses, please contact dpo@coinbase.com.
In addition, we may rely on certain exemptions provided for under data protection law for our international transfers. We also rely on
adequacy decisions
from the European Commission where available and exemptions provided for under data protection law. For example, because Coinbase operates and provides its Services globally, we need to share information with our Affiliates and to data centers outside the EEA in order to develop, offer, and improve our Services (Article 49(1)(b) GDPR). In addition, we may rely on certain exemptions for sharing personal information with law enforcement outside of the EEA in emergency situations (Article 49(1)(f) GDPR).
EU-US, UK-US, and Swiss-US  Data Privacy Framework
Coinbase complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (together referred to as the “Data Privacy Frameworks”) and the DPF Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Coinbase has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to:
the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF;
the UK-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-UK DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF; and
the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In the context of an onward transfer, Coinbase has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as a service provider, partner and/or other third party to help us provide our Services on our behalf (as described in Section 4 of this policy). Coinbase remains liable under the DPF if any such third party processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Coinbase can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Coinbase commits to resolve all DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the relevant Data Privacy Frameworks should first contact Coinbase at:
dpo@coinbase.com
For unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information in reliance on the Data Privacy Frameworks, Coinbase is a member of and relies upon the ICDR-AAA services for the Data Privacy Framework Program, see here
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
, which may involve, under certain conditions, binding arbitration.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Coinbase’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Depending on where you live, you may be able to exercise certain privacy rights related to your personal information. For any of your privacy rights and choices referenced below, requests relating to your personal information can be made by logging into your account and going to your
Privacy Rights Dashboard
or by submitting a request via our
Support Portal
or at
dpo@coinbase.com
. If any of the rights listed below are not provided under law for your operating entity or jurisdiction, Coinbase has absolute discretion in providing you with these rights.
Right to access and portability
:
You may request that we provide you a copy of your personal information held by us through your
Privacy Rights Dashboard
, or by submitting a request via our
Support Portal
.
Right to rectification
:
You may request us to rectify or update any of your personal information held by Coinbase that is incomplete or inaccurate by logging in to your account and clicking the Profile or My Account tab.
Right to deletion/erasure
:
You may request to erase your personal information, subject to applicable law. If you close your Coinbase Account, we will retain or delete information associated with your account as described in
Section 4. How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
.
Right to withdraw your consent
:
To the extent the processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. The lawfulness of Coinbase’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to object to or restrict processing
:
You may have the right to restrict or object to us using or transferring your personal information based on our legitimate interests, in the public interest, or for direct marketing. We may continue to process your personal information where permitted or required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Coinbase through your account settings or by submitting a request via our
Support Portal
.
Right to non-discrimination
: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights provided to you under law.
Right to lodge a complaint:
If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country or state. In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk. In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
If you reside in Australia or the Philippines, you may lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your personal information with the supervisory authority of your country. In Australia, the relevant data protection authority is the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, and complaints may be made through their website at
www.oaic.gov.au
. In the Philippines, the relevant data protection authority is the National Privacy Commission, email: complaints@privacy.gov.ph.
To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with your request and we may decline your request if we are unable to verify your identity.
Under certain US data privacy laws, as well as in Brazil, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf.
These rights are not absolute, and may be denied: (a) when granting access or assisting portability would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others; (b) to protect our rights and properties; (c) where the request is frivolous or vexatious; or (d) as otherwise permitted by law.
8. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR UNITED STATES RESIDENTS
If you are a
United States Resident
, you can learn more about how we use your information and your privacy rights by reviewing our
United States Privacy Notice
. Any terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended) (“
CCPA
”) have the same meaning when used in the US Privacy Notice.
9. HOW TO CONTACT US WITH QUESTIONS
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you have a complaint, please contact us on our
Support Portal
, at dpo@coinbase.com, or by writing to us at the address of your Coinbase service provider (provided in
Section 11. Our Relationship With You
below).
10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. We post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page and, where appropriate, we will provide you with reasonable notice of any material changes before they take effect or as otherwise required by law. The date the Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the top of this page.
We may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or information about how we collect or use your information in the context of specific Services; these in-product notices may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or may provide you with additional choices about how we use your information.
11. OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU
If you reside in the EEA or Switzerland, Coinbase Ireland Limited, Coinbase Europe Limited and Coinbase Germany GmbH act as joint controllers in respect of your personal information. Coinbase Ireland Limited is the joint controller with primary responsibility for your personal information, including with respect to providing you with information and responding to any requests you may make under the GDPR. Please see more about how you can  exercise your rights under the GDPR through our
Privacy Rights Dashboard
.
CONSUMER/INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES

NORTH AMERICA (UNITED STATES & CANADA)
Where You Reside
Services Provided
Your Coinbase Service Provider
Contact Address
United States
Digital Asset Services, Fiat Wallet services
Coinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C3548456
Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017
United States
Custodial Services
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) NYS License # 122506
Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC c/o C T Corporation System 28 Liberty Street New York, New York 10005
United States
Credit and Lending Services
Coinbase Credit, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976
Coinbase Credit, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017
United States
Futures Trading
Coinbase Financial Markets, Inc. Entity No.: 4742037
100 Pine Street, Suite 1250, San Francisco, CA 94111
Canada
Digital Asset Services, Fiat Wallet services
Coinbase Canada, Inc.
2600-1066 West Hastings Street; Vancouver BC  V6E3X1
APAC
Where You Reside
Services Provided
Your Coinbase Service Provider
Contact Address
Singapore
Digital Asset Services, Fiat Wallet Services
Coinbase Singapore Pte. Ltd. Unique Entity No.: 201935002N
One Marina Boulevard, #28-00, Singapore 018989
Australia
Digital Asset Services, Fiat Wallet Services
Coinbase Australia Pty Ltd; ACN 654 922 442
Coinbase Australia c/o TMF Corporate Services (Aust) Pty Limited, Suite 1 Level 11, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
Anywhere
Custodial Services
Coinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 657718
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, Ireland
Anywhere but Singapore, and New Zealand
Digital Asset Services
Coinbase Ascending Markets Kenya Limited
P.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, Kenya
New Zealand
Digital Asset Services, Fiat Wallet Services
Coinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475
CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, Ireland
The Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AF
EEA (European Economic Area)
Where You Reside
Services Provided
Your Coinbase Service Provider
Contact Address
EEA and the United Kingdom
Digital Asset Services
Coinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, Ireland
Germany
Digital Asset Services
Coinbase Germany GmbH. Company No: HRB 213709 B. BaFin-ID 10158674
Kurfürstendamm 22, 10719 Berlin, Germany
EEA
Fiat Wallet Services
Coinbase Ireland Limited. Company No: 630350 CBI Register No: C188493
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, Ireland
United Kingdom (and select non-EEA countries in Europe)
Fiat Wallet Services
CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635
The Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AF
EEA
Custodial Services
Coinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 657718
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, Ireland
OUTSIDE EU, US, UK, APAC
Where You Reside
Services Provided
Your Coinbase Service Provider
Contact Address
Anywhere but North America, APAC, EEA
Digital Asset Services
Coinbase Ascending Markets Kenya Limited
P.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, Kenya
OTHER
Where You Reside
Services Provided
Your Coinbase Service Provider
Contact Address
Anywhere but the USA
Digital Asset Services
Coinbase Bermuda Limited
Park Place, 55 Par La Ville Road, Hamilton, HM11 Bermuda
Anywhere but US, UK, APAC, EEA
Digital Asset Services
Coinbase Bermuda Services Limited
Park Place, 55 Par La Ville Road, Hamilton, HM11 Bermuda
Brazil
Digital Asset Services
Coinbase Brasil Ltda
City of Sao Paulo, State of Sao Paulo, at Alameda Santos, 2300, Suite 11 part, Cerqueira Cesar, ZIP Code 01418-200
DEVELOPER SERVICES

Where You Reside
Services Provided
Your Coinbase Service Provider
Contact Address
Anywhere
Coinbase Pay SDK, Exchange API , Rosetta, Prime API, Sign In with Coinbase
Coinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976
Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017
Anywhere
Wallet SDK and Commerce API
Toshi Holdings Pte. Ltd.
One Marina Boulevard, Postal 018989, Singapore
Anywhere but the United States
Delegate & Participate
Coinbase Cloud Pte. Ltd.
One Marina Boulevard, #28-00018989, Singapore
United States
Delegate & Participate
Coinbase Crypto Services, LLC
1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center City of Wilmington, DE 19801
Sub-policy 9
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.affiliatly.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy-statement.html:
Home
Terms of Use and Privacy Statement
Terms of Use and Privacy Statement
Ownership Policy
You own whatever data you input or generate. We own the programe code
Data and Loss
We are not responsible for any kind of user data and we are no responsible for any kind of loss for the user.
Usage
You will use the app fairly. If any problems occur we will try to fix them as soon as possible
This privacy statement applies to the website of:
Affiliatly.com
Property of Overcode LTD
overcodebg@gmail.com
str. Konstantin Ognyanovich 16, floor 2
Vratza
3000
BG
We respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document.
Of the information we do collect, we allow our visitors the following access to the information:
Access is given to contact information (such as email address or postal address).
Collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors:
Your email address is collected to allow us to send you information about your affiliates and notifications regarding your affiliate program.
We collect information for the following purpose(s):
Completing or supporting an activity.
Website and system administration.
Who has access to the information we collect?
Ourselves and/or our agents which utilize the information only for the purpose given.
How long is information kept?
Information is not retained for more than a brief period of time necessary to make use of it during the course of a single online interaction.
If you believe that our website has collected incorrect information or if you would like to dispute any information, please contact us using the address at the top of this page.
5bfe804d1975607cb053911f15c97a55
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website
More info
I agree
Sub-policy 11
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 12
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 13
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy:
Skip to main content
Sign in with Microsoft
Sign in or create an account.
Hello,
Select a different account.
You have multiple accounts
Choose the account you want to sign in with.
Applies To
Privacy
Microsoft Edge
Windows 10
The new Microsoft Edge
helps you browse, search, shop online, and more. Like all modern browsers, Microsoft Edge lets you collect and store specific data on your device, like cookies, and lets you send information to us, like browsing history, to make the experience as rich, fast, and personal as possible.
Whenever we collect data, we want to make sure it’s the right choice for you. Some people worry about their web browsing history being collected. That’s why we tell you what data is stored on your device or collected by us. We give you choices to control what data gets collected. For more information about privacy in Microsoft Edge, we recommend reviewing our
Privacy Statement
.
What data is collected or stored, and why
Microsoft uses diagnostic data to improve our products and services. We use this data to better understand how our products are performing and where improvements need to be made.
Microsoft Edge collects a set of required diagnostic data to keep Microsoft Edge secure, up to date and performing as expected. Microsoft believes in and practices information collection minimization. We strive to gather only the info we need, and to store it only for as long as it’s needed to provide a service or for analysis. In addition, you can control whether optional diagnostic data associated with your device is shared with Microsoft to solve product issues and help improve Microsoft products and services.
As you use features and services in Microsoft Edge, diagnostic data about how you use those features is sent to Microsoft. Microsoft Edge saves your browsing history—information about websites you visit—on your device. Depending on your settings, this browsing history is sent to Microsoft, which helps us find and fix problems and improve our products and services for all users. You can manage the collection of optional diagnostic data in the browser by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
and turning on or off
Help improve Microsoft products by sending optional diagnostic data about how you use the browser, websites you visit, and crash reports
. This includes data from testing new experiences. To finish making changes to this setting, restart Microsoft Edge.
Turning this setting on allows this optional diagnostic data to be shared with Microsoft from other applications using Microsoft Edge, such as a video streaming app that hosts the Microsoft Edge web platform to stream the video. The Microsoft Edge web platform will send info about how you use the web platform and sites you visit in the application to Microsoft.  This data collection is determined by your optional diagnostic data setting in Privacy, search, and services settings in Microsoft Edge.
On Windows 10, these settings are determined by your Windows diagnostic setting. To change your diagnostic data setting, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
.
As of
March 6th 2024,
Microsoft Edge diagnostic data is collected separately from Windows diagnostic data on Windows 10 (version 22H2 and newer) and Windows 11 (version 23H2 and newer) devices in the European Economic Area. For these Windows versions, and on all other platforms, you can change your settings in Microsoft Edge by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
. In some cases, your diagnostic data settings might be managed by your organization.
When you’re searching for something, Microsoft Edge can give suggestions about what you’re searching for. To turn on this feature, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
>
Address bar and search
, and turn on
Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters
. As you start to type, the info you enter in the address bar is sent to your default search provider to give you immediate search and website suggestions.
When you use InPrivate browsing or guest mode, Microsoft Edge collects some info about how you use the browser depending on your Windows diagnostic data setting or Microsoft Edge privacy settings, but automatic suggestions are turned off and info about websites you visit is not collected. Microsoft Edge will delete your browsing history, cookies, and site data, as well as passwords, addresses, and form data when you close all InPrivate windows. You can start a new InPrivate session by selecting
Settings and more
on a computer or
Tabs
on a mobile device.
Microsoft Edge also has features to help you and your content stay safe online. Windows Defender SmartScreen automatically blocks websites and content downloads that are reported to be malicious. Windows Defender SmartScreen checks the address of the webpage you're visiting against a list of webpage addresses stored on your device that Microsoft believes to be legitimate. Addresses that aren't on your device’s list and the addresses of files you're downloading will be sent to Microsoft and checked against a frequently updated list of webpages and downloads that have been reported to Microsoft as unsafe or suspicious.
To speed up tedious tasks like filling out forms and entering passwords, Microsoft Edge can save info to help. If you choose to use those features, Microsoft Edge stores the info on your device. If you’ve turned on sync for form fill like addresses or passwords, this info will be sent to the Microsoft cloud and stored with your Microsoft account to be synced across all your signed-in versions of Microsoft Edge. You can manage this data from
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
To integrate your browsing experience with other activities you do on your device, Microsoft Edge shares your browsing history with Microsoft Windows through its Indexer. This information is stored locally on the device. It includes URLs, a category in which the URL might be relevant, such as “most visited”, “recently visited”, or “recently closed”, and also a relative frequency or recency within each category. Websites you visit while in InPrivate mode will not be shared. This information is then available to other applications on the device, such as the start menu or taskbar.
You can manage this feature by selecting
Settings and
more
>
Settings
>
Profile
, and turning on or off
Share browsing data with other Windows features
. If turned off, any previously shared data will be deleted.
To protect some video and music content from being copied, some streaming websites store Digital Rights Management (DRM) data on your device, including a unique identifier (ID) and media licenses. When you go to one of these websites, it retrieves the DRM info to make sure you have permission to use the content.
Microsoft Edge also stores cookies, small files that are put on your device as you browse the web. Many websites use cookies to store info about your preferences and settings, like saving the items in your shopping cart so you don't have to add them each time you visit. Some websites also use cookies to collect info about your online activity to show you interest-based advertising. Microsoft Edge gives you options to clear cookies and block websites from saving cookies in the future.
Microsoft Edge will send Do Not Track requests to websites when the
Send Do Not Track requests
setting is turned on. Websites may still track your activities even when a Do Not Track request is sent, however.
How to clear data collected or stored by Microsoft Edge
To clear browsing info stored on your device, like saved passwords or cookies:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
Under
Clear browsing data,
select
Choose what to clear
.
Under
Time range
, choose a time range.
Select the check box next to each data type you’d like to clear, and then select
Clear now
.
If you’d like, you can select
Choose what to clear every time you close the browser
and choose which data types should be cleared.
Learn more about what gets deleted for each browser history item
.
To clear browsing history collected by Microsoft:
To see your browsing history associated with your account, sign in to your account at
account.microsoft.com
. In addition, you also have the option of clearing your browsing data that Microsoft has collected using the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
To delete your browsing history and other diagnostic data associated with your Windows 10 device, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
, and then select
Delete
under
Delete diagnostic data
.
To clear browsing history shared with other Microsoft features on the local device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
Select
Share browsing data with other Windows features
.
Toggle this setting to
off
.
To clear individual passwords stored by Microsoft Edge on your device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
, and then select
Passwords
.
Under
Saved passwords
, select
More actions
next to a website name, and then select
Delete
to clear the password saved for that site.
How to manage your privacy settings in Microsoft Edge
To change your level of tracking prevention, clear your browsing data, help improve Microsoft Edge, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
To choose if websites can ask for permission to use your location, camera, microphone, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Site permissions
.
To choose what types of data are synced across your devices, or to turn off syncing entirely, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
>
Sync
.
To learn more about privacy in Microsoft Edge, read the
Microsoft Edge privacy whitepaper
.
Yes
No
What affected your experience?
Any additional feedback? (Optional)
Submit feedback
By pressing submit, your feedback will be used to improve Microsoft products and services.
Your IT admin will be able to collect this data.
Privacy Statement.
×