Home
Application FAQ
The App
Stories
Get the App
Blogs
Press Release
Stories
Stories - City Sightseeing
Stories - Nature's Wonders
Stories - St. James Pilgrimage
Stories - You Make My Trip
Stories - Step On Earth
Stories - Loire Castles
Stories - WRC Rally de Portugal 2013
Stories - WRC Rally d'Italia 2013
Your web browser is currently configured to prevent JavaScript from running.
This website uses JavaScripts to perform many of its functions. You must re-configure your browser to allow JavaScript to run before you can fully use this website.
Please click [
here
] to see more information about how to enable JavaScript in your browser.
Legal Documents
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Trekea Mobile, Inc. Privacy Policy Statement
Effective: August 1st, 2012
trekea.com and LiveTrekker™ is operated by Trekea Mobile, Inc. ("we" and "us"). We understand and respect your concerns about the use of your personal information. The following denotes our privacy policies ("Privacy Policy"):
By using or accessing the trekea.com site or LiveTrekker™ (the "Products" or "Solutions") you agree to our privacy practices outlined here.
We will collect information about you when you transmit information via our website either directly or through using our products and solutions, by email, or when you otherwise use our website. By doing any of the foregoing, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is described below in more details. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not engage in any of these activities. In general, to continually improve the quality of our products and our website, we will store and use information about you, including information about where and when you browse on our website. We will not sell or disclose to un-affiliated third parties without your consent information that we collect about you, except that we may share non-personal, aggregate, or summary information regarding our users with un-affiliated third parties. Such information does not identify you individually, but is used to provide aggregate demographics or statistics.
Information collected about you and our use of such information
The following describes the types of personal and other information we may collect about you, and how we use and maintain that information:
Individual User Information
In general, you may visit our Site, use our Application LiveTrekker™, access the Product and Solution data you have purchased, or been explicitly authorized to access, and access Site information while not revealing any individual user information.
To the extent that you provide us with personal information during the creation of your profile such as your name, email address, or other information, Trekea Mobile, Inc. wishes to maintain accurate personal information. Where we collect personal information from you through our site, our goal is to provide a means of contacting Trekea Mobile, Inc. should you need to update or correct that information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your personal information to
info@trekea.com
with the keywords "CONTACT INFORMATION" in the subject; and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in your personal information that we hold as soon as practicable.
Note that you may choose whether or not to provide personal information to Trekea Mobile, Inc. If you choose not to provide the personal information requested, you can still visit trekea.com or use LiveTrekker™ but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services that involve our interaction with you.
Website Usage Information
Our website collects and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the trekea.com website. This aggregate information is collected site-wide and includes anonymous site statistics.
When you browse our website our system automatically collects information through the web server technology we employ such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and the order of these pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. This information is general in nature and is used to analyze trends, administer the website, improve the design of our website, track user movement, and otherwise enhance the services we provide.
Our website employs browser cookies to store users' preferences and record session information. This technology allows for the storage of user id and password, preferences, and the delivery of content (including third-party content) that is specific to your interests. You can turn off the "cookie" function through most standard browsers. However, some features of the trekea.com website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
When your information will be shared or disclosed
We will comply with any court orders or other legal processes for any of the information about you in our possession, and we may as well use such information to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims. We reserve the right to disclose information about you, including data on which pages you have visited, to third parties if we feel it is necessary to protect the security of our systems, site, business, users or others. This may include respecting requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law under the local laws in that jurisdiction, apply to users from that jurisdiction, and are consistent with generally accepted international standards. We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to protect ourselves and you. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities.
Publicly Displayed Information is Public. If you use a bulletin board or chat room on our website you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Trekea Mobile, Inc. is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
We will not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other third party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
Information about you in our possession may also be disclosed as part of any merger, investment, acquisition, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider. Trekea Mobile, Inc. does not guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions will comply with all terms of this Privacy Policy.
Data Security
Whenever Trekea Mobile, Inc. handles information acquired through our Products and Solutions, or that you enter on our website, regardless of where this occurs, we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Trekea Mobile, Inc. uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of the information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information during transmission to us, and to you, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems but we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. We keep your account information and content on a secure server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as passwords), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL) while it is being transmitted.
Your content and what you share with others
You explicitly acknowledge that once you share any of YOUR content with anyone else, YOUR content becomes by nature Public. And that from that point on, for that content, such content may be accessed by yet other parties with our without your knowledge as such other parties may share YOUR shared content again with someone else. Trekea mobile, Inc. disclaim any responsibility for control over such sequence of sharing.
Contacting you
Trekea Mobile, Inc. may contact you from time to time to provide feedback about the Products or Solutions or for service or product related announcements (via email, telephone, the support website or via electronic questionnaires).
Children's privacy
If you are under the age of 13, please do not use or access this Site or our Applications such as LiveTrekker™ in any way. We will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from such children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly delete such information from our databases.
Linked or referred websites
This website may contain links to other websites, or you may be otherwise referred to other websites, including websites unrelated to Trekea Mobile, Inc. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these linked websites. Each website should be checked for its own privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you. Trekea Mobile, Inc. may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. In the event that Trekea Mobile, Inc. merges with, or is acquired by another company, a change to this Privacy Policy may result. Significant Privacy Policy changes will be indicated on this Site via a notice remaining prominently for a minimum of 30 days.
Governing law
By choosing to visit this website or otherwise provide information to Trekea Mobile, Inc., you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, USA. You consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with our Site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware. If you are a User accessing trekea.com from any region with regulations or laws governing personal data collection, use and disclosure, that differ from United States laws/regulations, please note that through your continued use of the trekea.com site, which is governed by U.S. Law, this privacy notice, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
Update information / Suggestions
If you have suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an email to
legal@trekea.com
with the keywords "PRIVACY POLICY" in the subject.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.livetrekker.com/LiveTrekker/resources/content/english/static/livetrekker/main/missing_feature.html:
Information
This feature is missing because it requires JavaScript. To fully use our website please
enable JavaScript on your browser
and reload the website.