Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal data.  This policy tells you how we will collect and use your personal data, and what you should expect in respect of the personal information about you that we have collected.
We are
Geek Beach
Limited
(Registered in England & Wales with Company No: 7064158).  Our registered office is at Hardwick House, Prospect Place, Swindon, Wiltshire SN1 3LJ, United Kingdom.
The person with responsibility for our data protection compliance is our Data Protection Manager and he can be contacted via email at
hello@geekbeach.com
.
We are the data controller of the personal data that we keep and use, and we are therefore responsible for making sure that our systems, processes and people comply with the relevant data protection laws in respect of that personal data.
We will act in respect of personal data to comply with the six principles of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which are:
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency;
Purpose limitation;
Data minimisation;
Accuracy;
Storage limitation;
Integrity and confidentiality.
You have rights in respect of how your personal data can be processed; these include the right to request:
a copy of your personal data;
that inaccurate data is rectified; and
that your personal data is, in certain circumstances, erased or restricted.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner, which you can do by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) directly.  Full contact details, including a helpline number, can be found on the ICO website (
www.ico.org.uk
).  This website also has useful information on your rights and our obligations.  However, please raise any concerns or issues with us first so that we may deal with this as quickly as possible for you.
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
We collect and process data for the following reasons:
personal data collected and created in relation to our providing services; and
personal data relating to people who have asked to receive our newsletters and other information services or marketing materials; and
personal data relating to our people (which means those people working for our business, or providing services to us, or potentially working or providing services to us, including employees, consultants, temporary or casual workers and contractors).
All of our people are required to abide by our Privacy Policy when handling personal data, and are provided with appropriate data protection training.  Any breach of data protection will be taken seriously, and may result in disciplinary action.  Our Data Protection Manager will provide the advice and guidance to our people on data protection issues, as is required.
1. Providing our services
COLLECTION:
What data we collect
tracking information about your visit to our games, website and emails that we send out
information that you provide to us enquiring about our services
We do not collect sensitive or special categories of data.
How we collect it
We collect personal and business data in a number of ways
in our games
written correspondence
email
phone calls
web forms
meetings
social media
We also use software and automated ways of collecting information through the use of cookies and marketing platforms.
USE:
We will use the personal data in the provision of services, including for the necessary administration of the relationship with our customers, and to comply with requirements that we are required to undertake.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.  Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
analyse website data and visitor interactions
in performance of a contract (the agreement to provide services); and/or
compliance with a legal obligation; and/or
vital interests of the data subject; and/or
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We may also use your personal data in the following situations, which are likely to be less common:
where we need to protect your interests (or someone else’s interests);
where it is needed in the public interest or for official purposes.
Where we keep it:
Apple data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
Google data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
Amazon data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
Microsoft data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
Rackspace data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
Zendesk data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
MongoDB data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
Unity data centres (which could be outside the EEA);
our offices; and
our accountants.
DISCLOSURE:
We may share personal data with third parties as is necessary in the provision of our services, including to third party providers who deliver services to support the operation of our company.
In respect of all disclosures of personal data, we will only share the personal information which is necessary for the particular purpose for which it is provided, or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so, and we will ensure that the personal data is appropriately protected.
RETENTION PERIOD:
We will keep personal data only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.  Normally, our retention period for personal data collected for this purpose is a minimum of 6 years after the end of the period that we are providing services.
2. Our newsletters, other information services & marketing materials (“our Information”)
COLLECTION:
We will collect information such as name, email address, IP address (or similar unique identifiers) together with the additional information that you provide to us, for example when you register to play a game.
We may collect this information from you (whether directly or via automated means such as our games or website) or from third parties.
We will collect personal data in our database management system when you tell us that you wish to receive all or part of our Information, or otherwise give us your personal details.  You may at any time tell us that you wish to stop receiving our Information.
USE:
Personal data will be used to provide you with our Information that you ask for, or that we think are relevant to the preferences that you may have given to us.  We may analyse what areas of information are of interest to you so that we can better target the Information that we provide.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.  Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
with your consent; and/or
in performance of a contract (the agreement to provide services); and/or
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
DISCLOSURE:
We may share personal data with third parties in respect of the provision of our Information, including to third parties who provide services to us, including IT, website hosting, email delivery, and other services.   In respect of all disclosures of personal data, we will only share the personal information which is necessary for the particular purpose for which it is provided, or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so, and we will ensure that the personal data is appropriately protected.
RETENTION PERIOD:
We will keep personal data only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it.  Any personal data that we have from you solely for the purposes of your receiving our Information will not be used once you have asked us to stop providing these to you (except to the extent that it is necessary to stop you receiving the Information).
3. Our people
COLLECTION:
We will collect names, addresses, contact details, education and employment history, identity and other background checks (which may include appropriate criminal and financial checks and confirmation of the right to work in the UK), marital status and information on next of kin and dependents, financial information (such as bank details and NI numbers), date of birth, gender, a copy of your passport and driving licence, performance information and compensation history, recruitment information (including references), salary, benefits, pension and annual leave information, disciplinary and grievance information, photographs, information about your use of our information and communications systems and CCTV footage or other information obtained through electronic means.
We may collect and use special categories of personal data as required in the carrying out of obligations and exercising specific rights of us or the data subject in the field of employment.  This may include information relating to matters such as health, racial origin, religious belief and offences or alleged offences.
Personal data may be collected from you during the selection process (for example via your application form and CV) and during your employment (including holiday forms, expense claims, performance reviews, any disciplinary or grievance processes), or from third parties, including referees, health service providers, background check providers.
USE:
Personal data of our people will be used for HR administration and management, both in respect of the selection of people to work for us (including suitability, eligibility and/or fitness to work), and those who do work for us, to include learning and development, disciplinary and security (of people, offices and data) requirements, providing and liaising with benefits providers, business management and planning (including accounting and auditing), paying you and dealing with tax and NI deductions, assessing and deciding on salary reviews and compensation, conducting performance reviews and managing performance, dealing with legal disputes involving you or others, preventing fraud, monitoring your use of our information and communications systems, ensuring compliance with our policies, and equal opportunities monitoring.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.  Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
in performance of a contract with you; and/or
compliance with a legal obligation; and/or
vital interests of the data subject; and/or
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We may also use your personal data in the following situations, which are likely to be less common:
where we need to protect your interests (or someone else’s interests);
where it is needed in the public interest or for official purposes.
In respect of all disclosures of personal data, we will only share the personal information which is necessary for the particular purpose for which it is provided, or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so, and we will ensure that the personal data is appropriately protected.
In respect of special categories of personal data, we may process this in the following circumstances:
in limited circumstances with your explicit written consent; and/or
where we need to carry out our legal obligations and in line with our policies; and/or
where it is needed in the public interest (such as for equal opportunities monitoring or in relation to our occupational pension scheme), and in line with our policies; and/or
where it is needed to assess your working capacity on health grounds, subject to appropriate confidentiality safeguards.
Less commonly, we may process this type of information where it is needed in relation to legal claims or where it is needed to protect your (or someone else’s) interests and you are not capable of giving your consent, or where you have already made the information public.  We may also process such information about our people (or former people) in the course of our legitimate business activities with the appropriate safeguards.
The special categories of personal data may be used in the following ways:
in relation to leaves of absence, to comply with employment and other laws;
in relation to your physical or mental health, or disability status, to ensure your health and safety in the workplace and to assess your fitness to work, to monitor, manage and administer benefits and absences;
in relation to your race, national or ethnic origin, religious, philosophical or moral beliefs, or your sexual life or sexual orientation, to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting.
DISCLOSURE:
Personal data may be transferred to service providers who support the operation of our business (such as payroll service providers), to other third parties reasonably necessary in the conduct of our business (including insurers, professional advisors, regulators).  These third parties may be acting as processor, or controller of personal data in their own right.
In respect of all disclosures of personal data, we will only share the personal information which is necessary for the particular purpose for which it is provided, or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so, and we will ensure that the personal data is appropriately protected.
RETENTION PERIOD:
We will keep personal data only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.  We will normally keep personal data of applicants who we do not employ for six months after we receive it.
We will keep personal data of employees throughout your employment and normally for a minimum of six years after your employment ends.
4. Changes to your personal data
It is very important that the personal information that we hold about you is accurate and current.  Please tell us if your personal information changes during your relationship with us.
5. Data Security
We have put in place measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.  In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those of our people and other third parties who have a business need to know.  They will only process your personal data on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.  We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and the ICO of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
6. Where we store your personal data
We principally store data, both electronically and on file, at our offices, with archive storage for files locally.
Personal data may be transferred outside of the EEA by processors acting on our behalf.  For transfers to countries not considered adequate by the EC, we will ensure that personal data is adequately protected, as required by the GDPR.  This would include by use of the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EC to protect personal data.
Your rights
Under certain circumstances, you have the right by law to request:
access
to your personal data. This enables you to ask to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
correction
of the personal data that we hold about you.
erasure
of your personal data.
object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on our legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
restriction
of processing of your personal data.
transfer
of your personal data to another party.
7. Links from our website
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties that we permit to make such links.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  We recommend that you check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website, so please ensure that you are viewing the correct version.
Please contact us if you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy.