Privacy Policy
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Overview
2. Commitment to Privacy
3. Definitions used in this Policy
4. Data Protection Principles
5. Data Subject’s rights
6. What Data we gather about you and its use
7. Interactive areas
8. Information sharing
9. Modification and deletion of information
10. Security of Information
11. Third Party Advertisers, Links to other sites
12. Third parties with whom we share your data
13. Information about cookies
14. Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
15. Changes to statement
16. Enforcement, Contact and Grievance Redressal
17. Process for Handling User Requests Related Data
                    Rights
18. Employee Training on Data Protection
1.
Overview
This website (“Site”) and the Eros Now Services (as
                    defined under the
Terms of Use
) are managed by Eros Digital FZE (“Eros Now”). This
                    privacy policy will only be applicable, and the
                    obligations of Eros Now will only extend to, information
                    expressly collected by Eros Now from you, through this
                    Site or the Eros Now Services and shall not apply to any
                    information collected or otherwise made available to
                    Eros Now or any of its affiliates or licensors.
The Site and the Eros Now Services may contain links to
                    websites, forums or other content operated or maintained
                    by third parties. Eros Now is not responsible for the
                    privacy practices or policies of such third party web
                    sites and this privacy policy does not apply to those
                    websites or to any information collected otherwise by
                    any third party
You may further make information publicly available
                    while interacting with various user modifiable sections
                    of this Site including comments, reviews, profile
                    information or feedbacks. Eros Now is not responsible
                    for any such information and any use of such information
                    by any party.
2.
COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Eros Now takes your privacy seriously. To help you
                    better protect your privacy, and help you evaluate the
                    protection your information enjoys on our website, we
                    provide this statement explaining our online information
                    policies and practices, to assist you in the choices you
                    can make about the way your information is collected and
                    used. Please do read this policy, the Legal Disclaimer
                    and the
Terms of Use
carefully, before contributing any information to this
                    website.
3.
Definitions used in this
                    policy
Personal Data
– any information
                    relating to an identified or identifiable natural
                    person.
Processing
– any
                    operation or set of operations which is performed on
                    Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject or Data Principal
– a natural person whose Personal Data is being
                    processed.
Child
– a
                    natural person under 18 years of age.
4.
Data Protection
                    Principles
We undertake to follow the following data protection
                    principles:
Seeking your prior consent before we process your
                        personal information.
Processing is lawful, fair, and transparent. Our
                        processing activities have lawful grounds. We always
                        consider your rights before processing Personal
                        Data. We will provide you information regarding
                        processing upon request
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our processing
                        activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data
                        was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather
                        and process the minimal amount of Personal Data
                        required for any purpose
Processing is limited with a time period. We will
                        not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
                        On request we will rectify your Personal Data within
                        45 days of receipt of verifiable request
We will do our best to ensure the integrity,
                        security and confidentiality of personal data.
Our designated officer (contact details provided
                        vide link below) will address all concerns and
                        questions, raised by the Data Subject about the
                        processing of his/her Personal Data.
We will erase Data Subject’s personal data on
                        withdrawal of consent or when the purpose for
                        retention of the Personal Data, is no longer being
                        served, whichever is earlier
We retain Data Subject’s information only as long as
                        it would be necessary, subject to the laws
                        applicable. You understand that it may not be
                        possible to completely remove and delete all your
                        information from our database even if you choose to
                        opt out of our services.
We will not use Personal Data for political purposes
                        nor for advertising or marketing.
We will not discriminate against any Data Subject
                        due to withdrawal of consent for use of Personal
                        Data, in provision of our services if the services
                        can be offered as such without the requirement of
                        Personal Data.
We do not use Personal Data for consumer profiling
                        that could have any adverse effect on the consumer’s
                        access to finance, housing, insurance, healthcare or
                        employment opportunities.
We do not sell Personal Data, nor do we disclose
                        Personal Data for advertising and marketing.
5.
Data Subject’s
                    rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information – meaning you have the
                        right to know whether your Personal Data is being
                        processed; what data is gathered, from where it is
                        obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access – meaning you have the right
                        to access the data collected from/about you. This
                        includes your right to request and obtain a copy of
                        your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification – meaning you have the
                        right to request rectification of your Personal Data
                        that is inaccurate or incomplete
Right to erasure – meaning in certain
                        circumstances you can request for your Personal Data
                        to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing – meaning where
                        certain conditions apply, you have the right to
                        restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing – meaning in
                        certain cases you have the right to object to
                        Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the
                        case of direct marketing
Right to object to automated Processing –
                        meaning you have the right to object to automated
                        Processing, including profiling; and not to be
                        subject to a decision based solely on automated
                        Processing. This right you can exercise whenever
                        there is an outcome of the profiling that produces
                        legal effects concerning or significantly affecting
                        you.
Right to data portability – you have the right
                        to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable
                        format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer
                        from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint – in the event that
                        we refuse your request under the Rights to Access,
                        we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you
                        are not satisfied with the way your request has been
                        handled, please contact us
Right for the help of supervisory authority –
                        meaning you have the right for procuring the help of
                        a supervisory authority and the right for other
                        legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent – you have the right
                        to withdraw any given consent for Processing of your
                        Personal Data. However, it's important to note that
                        withdrawing consent can affect the functionality of
                        the service. For example, if a user withdraws
                        consent for data necessary to deliver specific
                        services, this may limit their ability to use those
                        services effectively
6.
What Data we gather
                    about you and its use
USER PROVIDED INFORMATION:
We may require you to provide certain Personal Data
                        as registration information (“Registration
                        Information”) for the use of several features of the
                        Eros Now Services and for access to several of our
                        Content (as defined under the Terms of Use), when
                        you visit certain Eros Now pages or the pages of
                        certain Eros Now partners and when you enter
                        promotions offered by Eros Now or certain of its
                        partners. All such Registration Information is
                        collected voluntarily and no other information is
                        collected other than those specifically provided by
                        you. This is to enable us to verify whether you are
                        entitled to access and use certain Content,
                        information, materials and services available
                        through our website and the Eros Now Services, or to
                        enable us to enhance your site visit, to assist you
                        with customer service or technical support issues,
                        or to otherwise support your customer relationship
                        with us. It is completely optional for you to
                        participate, submit any Registration Information, to
                        avail these features.
Where we collect such Registration Information, we
                        do so with the objective of providing our services
                        to you and for improving our website and the
                        services we offer. This information may assist us in
                        providing you with more effective customer service,
                        making this Site or services easier to use by
                        eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the
                        same information, performing research and analysis
                        aimed at improving our products, services and
                        technologies, and displaying content and advertising
                        that are customized to your interests and
                        preferences. Eros Now also uses the Registration
                        Information to customize the advertising and Content
                        you see, fulfill your requests for products and
                        services, improve our services, contact you, conduct
                        research, and provide anonymous reporting for
                        internal and external clients.
Eros Now may combine information about you that we
                        have with the information we obtain from data
                        aggregators, public databases, business partners or
                        other companies, which may include your interests,
                        purchasing behaviour and your activities online,
                        such as websites visited and advertisements viewed
We reserve the right to conduct research and perform
                        statistical analyses on Registration Information in
                        order to measure interest in and use of the various
                        areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such
                        information. We will release only aggregate data and
                        all Personal Data obtained from these analyses will
                        be kept confidential from concerned third parties
                        and at no time shall Personal Data be disclosed.
We also use your Registration Information to
                        communicate with you. We may send certain service
                        communications such as welcome letters, billing
                        reminders, information on technical service issues,
                        and security announcements. If you do not wish to
                        receive such communications, please email us at
                        support@erosnow.com to stop such communications.
                        Please allow at least 72 hours for the actual
                        cancellation to take effect. We shall not divulge
                        your email address to third parties, without your
                        prior consent.
If while using the Eros Now Services, you post
                        information online that is accessible to the public
                        including in any comment sections of our Site, Eros
                        Now shall not be responsible for any such
                        information and any use of such information by any
                        party including any unsolicited communications from
                        any third party.
For members in certain countries, you can connect
                        your Eros Now account to Facebook. If you choose to
                        connect, you'll be able to take advantage of various
                        social features we will be creating as part of the
                        Eros Now service, as well as features available on
                        Facebook. In addition, Eros Now may personalize and
                        otherwise seek to enhance your experience based on
                        your information from your Facebook account. By
                        connecting your Eros Now account to your Facebook
                        account, you acknowledge and agree that you are
                        consenting to the continuous release of information
                        about you to others, including to Facebook (in
                        accordance with your privacy settings on Facebook
                        and your account settings on Eros Now). If you do
                        not want information about you, including
                        information such as your viewing activity, to be
                        shared in this manner, do not use the Facebook
                        connect feature. Eros Now disclaims all warranties
                        in relation to and all liabilities arising from any
                        use of your personal information by Facebook or any
                        other third party.
COOKIES INFORMATION:
Eros Now automatically receives and records
                        information from your computer and browser,
                        including your IP address, software and hardware
                        attributes, the page(s) you request and receives
                        information via cookies, web beacons or other
                        technologies.
We may further automatically record such information
                        to track visits to our websites so that we may
                        compile statistics that show the numbers and
                        frequency of visitors to our website and its
                        individual pages; such statistics may include your
                        web request, internet protocol address, browser
                        type, browser language, and the date and time of
                        your request.
We may enhance or merge your information collected
                        from our website with data from third parties for
                        purposes of marketing products or services to you.
                        We may further, present links in a format that
                        enables us to keep track of whether these links have
                        been followed
We use following cookies for the different purposes:
Necessary cookies – hese cookies are
                                required for you to be able to use some
                                important features on our website, such as
                                logging in. These cookies don’t collect any
                                Personal Data.
Functionality cookies – these cookies
                                provide functionality that makes using our
                                service more convenient and makes providing
                                more personalized features possible. For
                                example, they might remember your name and
                                e-mail so you don’t have to re-enter this
                                information next time.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are
                                used to track the use and performance of our
                                website and services.
Advertising cookies – these cookies
                                are used to deliver advertisements that are
                                relevant to you and to your interests. In
                                addition, they are used to limit the number
                                of times you see an advertisement. They are
                                usually placed to the website by advertising
                                networks with the website operator’s
                                permission. These cookies remember that you
                                have visited a website and this information
                                is shared with other organizations such as
                                advertisers. Often targeting or advertising
                                cookies will be linked to site functionality
                                provided by the other organization.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via
                        your browser settings.
List of Cookies
COOKIE NAME
PURPOSE
appupsell
Mobile-web, assist to open in the mobile
                                    app
musicLangDialog
Assist to dislay language selection
                                    dialog
pritam-sub-duration
Purchase validity period
en
This information is required to allow a
                                    user to stay logged in to a web site
                                    without needing to submit their username
                                    and password for each page visited.
                                    Without this cookie, a user is unable to
                                    proceed to areas of the web site that
                                    require authenticated access.
showprospectpage
Assist to take new users to Welcome page
jtoken
Jadoo4 auto-login
PHPSESSID
PHP session management
_ga
This is a cookie used by Google
                                    Analytics to understand patterns of user
                                    activity on Erosnow platform - Used to
                                    distinguish users
_gat
Used to differentiate between the
                                    different tracking objects created in
                                    the session.- Google Analytics.
_gid
Google Analytics uses this cookie to
                                    store and update a unique value for each
                                    page visited.
_ig
Liftigniter - This is the randomly
                                    generated UUID we use to identify a
                                    unique user. It's also used by our A/B
                                    test slicing, and you can change this
                                    value from the client side with the
                                    function $p("setUserId", "example_id").
_igt
Liftigniter - Randomly generated string
                                    to identify a unique session a user is
                                    in.
fbm_*
This is a Facebook cookie that helps us
                                    determine which of our users have chosen
                                    to connect their erosnow account to
                                    their Facebook account.
fbsr_*
This is a Facebook cookie that helps
                                    users who choose to connect their
                                    erosnow account with their Facebook
                                    account through the log-in process.
TRANSACTION INFORMATION
If you become a registered user or if you conduct
                        transactions through the Site, we also collect and
                        maintain transactional information including without
                        limitation, credit card information, payment
                        amounts, billing information, transaction type
                        (“Transaction Information”). We may use Transaction
                        Information for the purpose of establishing and
                        verifying the identity of users, processing,
                        servicing or enforcing transactions and sending
                        related communications, and for providing support
                        services in relation to the transactions. We shall
                        not use Transaction Information for any purposes
                        other than as provided under this Privacy Policy
                        without your express consent.
7.
Interactive areas
Users may be permitted access to certain interactive
                    areas of the website such as user comments. You should
                    be aware that we do not monitor or have control over any
                    information voluntarily disclosed within these
                    interactive areas and shall not be responsible for any
                    malicious or inappropriate use of such information by
                    any third party. We do not guarantee the privacy of any
                    information voluntarily disclosed by you in these
                    interactive areas and you are required to evaluate for
                    yourself, the implications and potential risks of
                    disclosing any Personal Data in these interactive areas.
Eros Now obtains explicit consent from the Data Subject
                    during the signup process for the Eros Now platform.
                    This requirement applies to all Personal Data collected,
                    including but not limited to data captured prior to
                    August 11, 2023. Consent will be obtained in a clear,
                    concise, and transparent manner, accompanied by a
                    privacy notice detailing the purpose of processing.
Your continued use of the platform will be deemed as
                    your consent for Eros Now to collect such data. If you
                    do not wish to share this information, you can easily
                    discontinue your use of the services. Additionally, you
                    may contact us at
privacy@erosnow.com.
to request the erasure of your data or to restrict the
                    processing of your data, as outlined in the "Data
                    Subject's Rights" section of this Policy
8.
Information sharing
Unless we notify you otherwise, we will share your
                    information with companies or entities only in
                    circumstances where:
You have provided instructions or consent towards
                        such sharing;
Such information is being shared for the purpose of
                        processing personal information on our behalf. We
                        require that these parties agree to process such
                        information based on our instructions and in
                        compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other
                        appropriate confidentiality and security measures;
                        or
We have a good faith belief that access, use,
                        preservation or disclosure of such information is
                        reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable
                        law, regulation, legal process or enforceable
                        governmental or regulatory request, (b) enforce
                        applicable terms of use of the website, including
                        investigation of potential violations thereof, (c)
                        detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud,
                        security or technical issues, or (d) protect against
                        imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of
                        Eros Now, its users or the public as required or
                        permitted by law.
If Eros Now becomes involved in a merger,
                        acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of
                        its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of
                        any personal information involved in such
                        transactions and provide notice before personal
                        information is transferred and becomes subject to a
                        different privacy policy.
Unless prohibited by applicable laws, by using Eros
                        Now and submitting personal information to Eros Now,
                        you agree to permit the transfer of your personal
                        information to countries outside your country of
                        residence for storage, processing and other uses as
                        permitted under this Privacy Policy and applicable
                        law.
9.
Modification and
                    deletion of information
You can edit your Eros Now account information,
                        including your preferences. We reserve the right to
                        send you certain communications relating to the Eros
                        Now Services, such as service announcements,
                        administrative messages and other information, that
                        are considered part of your Eros Now account
You can delete your Eros Now account by sending an
                        email to: support@erosnow.com. Eros Now reserves the
                        right to decline requests that require
                        disproportionate technical effort, are impractical,
                        jeopardize the privacy of others, impede payment for
                        the service, interfere with the enhancement of the
                        service, or which is otherwise not required by
                        applicable law
In addition to your Eros Now account information, in
                        accordance with the provisions of the Information
                        Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and
                        Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or
                        Information) Rules, 2011, you have the right to
                        review the personal information that has been
                        collected from you and correct any inaccurate or
                        insufficient information. Should you wish to review
                        such information or provide any corrections to the
                        same, please email us at support@erosnow.com. You
                        also have the option to withdraw your consent given
                        to Eros Now to use such personal information, should
                        you wish to exercise this option, please email us at
                        support@erosnow.com. Do note however that, upon
                        withdrawal of your consent, your account will be
                        permanently deleted and you shall no longer have
                        access to any of the Eros Now products or services.
10.
Security of information
We believe that we have instituted appropriate
                        physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
                        safeguard and secure the Registration Information
                        and Transaction Information we collect. These
                        procedures include internal reviews of our data
                        collection, storage and processing practices and
                        other reasonable security measures which are at par
                        with the security measures that we use to protect
                        our own sensitive and confidential information. All
                        Transaction Information are stored on the secure
                        servers of a PCI Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
                        Level 1 compliant service provider.
We limit access to personal information about you to
                        employees who we believe, reasonably need to come
                        into contact with that information to provide
                        products or services to you or in ordinary course of
                        their jobs.
Eros Now shall conduct periodic Data Protection
                        Impact Assessments (DPIAs) for any processing
                        activities that are likely to result in a high risk
                        to the rights and freedoms of Data Principals.
The Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA) will
                        evaluate the necessity and proportionality of the
                        processing activities, identify and assess risks to
                        the rights of Data Principals, and outline measures
                        to mitigate those risks. Documentation of each DPIA
                        will be maintained to ensure ongoing compliance with
                        applicable Digital Personal Data Protection (DPDP)
                        laws.
11.
Third party
                    Advertisers, Links to Other Sites
We allow other companies, called third party ad servers
                    or ad networks, to serve advertisements within our
                    website. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use
                    technology to send, directly to your browser, the
                    advertisements and links that appear on our website.
                    They automatically receive your IP address when this
                    happens. They may also use other technologies (such as
                    cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the
                    effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize
                    the advertising content you see. We do not provide any
                    Personal Data to these third-party ad servers or ad
                    networks without your consent or except as part of a
                    specific program or feature for which you may request to
                    opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks
                    Us to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for
                    example, men aged 18-34) or audience segment (for
                    example, men aged 18-24 who have viewed certain channels
                    of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the
                    advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the
                    description of the audience they are trying to reach.
                    The advertiser may also use information regarding your
                    use of our website, such as the number of times you
                    viewed an ad (but not any Personal Data), to determine
                    which ads to deliver to you.
12.
Third parties with whom
                    we share your data
Xfinite may share your Data with third parties which may
                    be companies, agents or contractors ("Service
                    Providers") to perform services on our behalf or to
                    assist us with the provision of services to you. For
                    example, we engage Service Providers to provide
                    communications, security, infrastructure and IT
                    services, to customize, personalize and optimize our
                    service, to provide customer service, to analyze and
                    enhance data (including data about users' interactions
                    with our service), and to process and administer
                    consumer surveys. In the course of providing such
                    services, these Service Providers may have access to
                    your personal or other information. You should consult
                    the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad
                    servers or ad networks on their practices and for
                    instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Our
                    privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control
                    the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
13.
Information about
                    Cookies
For the purposes of use as described above, we may
                        use “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are
                        placed on your hard disk by a website server. We use
                        cookies to improve the quality of our service and
                        one of the primary purposes of cookies is to store
                        your preferences and other information on your
                        computer in order to save you time by eliminating
                        the need to repeatedly enter the same information.
Generally, cookies cannot be used to run programs or
                        deliver viruses to your computer and do not pose a
                        threat to a user’s computer. However, we cannot
                        control and nor shall we be responsible for any
                        malicious use of these cookies by any third parties.
                        You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
                        Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but
                        you can usually modify your browser setting to
                        decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to
                        decline cookies, some of the features offered by our
                        website may not be available in part or entirety. If
                        you choose to accept cookies, you also have the
                        ability to later delete cookies that you have
                        accepted. If you choose to delete cookies, any
                        settings and preferences controlled by those
                        cookies, including advertising preferences, will be
                        deleted and may need to be recreated.
14.
Our Commitment to
                    Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially
                    important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect
                    or maintain Personal Data or non-Personal Data on our
                    website from persons below 18 years of age, and no part
                    of our website is directed to persons below the age of
                    18 years. If you are under 18 years of age, then please
                    do not use or access our website at any time or in any
                    manner. If we learn that Personal Data of persons below
                    18 years of age has been collected on our website then
                    we will take appropriate steps to delete this
                    information. We do not target children with our
                    services. If you have questions about our Site or
                    Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact the Eros Now
                    Privacy Coordinator at
privacy@erosnow.com
15.
CHANGES TO STATEMENT
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from
                        time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy
                        changes on this page. You should routinely check our
                        website for changes to our privacy policy. If we
                        post an updated privacy policy on the Eros Now
                        website, on logging in you will be prompted to open
                        the URL containing the changed privacy policy. On
                        subsequent use of the Eros Now service, it would be
                        deemed that you agree to the terms of the updated
                        privacy policy. If you don’t agree with the new
                        Privacy Policy, please discontinue your access to
                        our Site and the Eros Now Services.
16.
ENFORCEMENT, CONTACT
                    AND GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy
                        Policy. If you have questions about this statement
                        or believe that we have not adhered to it, please
                        reach out to our grievance officer by contacting our
                        grievance officer Swati Nagada, at the email
grievance@erosnow.com
or
privacy@erosnow.com.
. When we receive formal written complaints, it is
                        Eros Now’s policy to contact the complaining user
                        regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate
                        with the appropriate regulatory authorities,
                        including local data protection authorities, to
                        resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of
                        personal data that cannot be resolved between Eros
                        Now and an individual.
Information governed by this Privacy Policy is
                        collected and stored by:
Eros Digital FZE
8th floor, Dedicated Desk # 08-112-007.
Offices 4, One Central, Dubai World Trade
                                Centre,
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Where any other agencies are engaged by Eros Now to
                        collect, store or process any information governed
                        by this Privacy Policy, the names and addresses of
                        such agencies shall be notified
Eros Now commits to responding to all complaints
                        within a timeframe that is compliant with applicable
                        laws and shall provide a rationale for any refusal
                        of access to Personal Data as per the Data
                        Principal's rights.
As a user of Eros Now you are entitled to reach out
                        to our grievance officer by contacting our grievance
                        officer Swati Nagada, at the email address:t
privacy@erosnow.com.
, for resolving the issues in relation to this
                        Privacy Policy or our privacy practices.
Eros Now commits to responding to all complaints
                        within a timeframe that is compliant with applicable
                        laws and shall provide a rationale for any refusal
                        of access to Personal Data as per the user's rights.
17.
PROCESS FOR HANDLING
                    USER REQUESTS RELATED DATA RIGHTS
Eros Now has implemented a clear and structured process
                    for addressing user requests regarding data rights,
                    including rectification, erasure, restriction, and
                    objection to data processing. This ensures compliance
                    with laws while protecting user privacy.
Submission of Requests
Users can submit requests to
grievance@erosnow.com
or
privacy@erosnow.com
.
Verification of Requestor Identity
To confirm the identity of the requestor:
Step-1:Validate account credentials (e.g.,
                                email ID or login).
Step-2:Send a one-time code to the
                                registered email or contact number.
Step-3:User confirms the request using the
                                provided code.
Acknowledge of Receipt
Upon request submission:
An acknowledgment email is sent within 2
                                working days, including:
Confirmation of receipt
Information on expected processing timeline
Processing the Request
Eros Now aims to respond to verified requests
                            within a reasonable timeframe, generally as
                            required by applicable laws. Specific timelines
                            may vary depending on local regulations. The
                            process is structured as follows:
Initial Processing by the Grievance Team:
                                The Grievance Team will address the request.
                                If the issue remains unresolved, it will be
                                escalated.
Escalation to the Compliance Team: If the
                                Grievance Team cannot resolve the issue, it
                                will be escalated to the Compliance Team for
                                further review and resolution.
Final Escalation to the Legal Team: If the
                                Compliance Team is unable to address the
                                request satisfactorily, it will be escalated
                                to the Legal Team, which will conclude the
                                matter within a reasonable timeframe
Response Period: Typically, within 30 days
                                of receiving a verified request, unless
                                additional information is needed, in
                                accordance with regulations (this period may
                                vary by jurisdiction).
Communication with Users
Users receive feedback regarding their requests:
Approval: Details regarding the action taken
                                and its impacts.
Denial: Reasons for denial, including legal
                                or policy references.
Users will be promptly informed of any extended
                        timelines needed for their requests.
Reminders for Users
Users should familiarize themselves with the
                                specific privacy rights available to them
                                under the applicable data protection laws
                                relevant to their jurisdiction.
18.
Employee Training on
                    Data Protection
Eros Now shall implement a comprehensive training
                    program to ensure that all employees are adequately
                    informed of their responsibilities under the applicable
                    Digital Personal Data Protection laws and relevant data
                    protection laws.
Training shall cover the importance of consent, the
                    rights of Data Principals, and the procedures for
                    handling Personal Data securely and responsibly. Regular
                    refresher courses shall be conducted to maintain an
                    ongoing culture of data protection awareness within the
                    organization.
By continuing to browse this site, you are consenting to the
                use of cookies for providing you optimum site performance,
                best user experience and tracking usage of our website to
                improve our product & services offerings. To find out
                more, please click on
Privacy Policy
.
I Understand