World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC Privacy Policy
Effective September 20, 2023
Introduction
World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC and its affiliates (“WWE”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through websites owned and operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”), through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “Apps”), through our social media pages and apps (collectively, our “Social Media Pages”), through offline interaction as well as through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, including the Websites, the Apps and our Social Media Pages, the “Services”).
Please note that this Privacy Policy contains capitalized words or phrases. These words and phrases are defined terms. Their definitions are found either in this Privacy Policy or in our
Terms and Conditions of Use
("Terms of Use"). To help you use this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, we have made some words, phrases and headings into hyperlinks. These words, phrases and headings have color highlighting.
If you have a privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@wwe.com
. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
If you are a resident of California or Virginia,
please be sure to review the section ‘Additional Information for California and Virginia Residents’ below for important information, as required by California and Virginia privacy laws, respectively, about the categories of Personal Information we collect and disclose, and your rights under applicable privacy laws.
If you are a resident of New Zealand,
please be sure to review the section ‘Additional Information for New Zealand Residents’ below for important information, as required by New Zealand privacy laws, about disclosure of your information outside of New Zealand and who to contact regarding any privacy concerns.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”),
please be sure to review the section ‘Additional Information for EEA/UK Residents’ below for important additional information, as required by EEA and UK privacy laws, about how we process your Personal Data.
Personal Information
"Personal Information" (or “Personal Data” for residents of the EEA and UK) is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including for example first and last name; ethnicity; business contact information; home or other physical address; an e-mail address or other online contact information; home or mobile telephone number; and credit, debit and other payment card numbers.
We collect, use and disclose these types of Personal Information to provide the requested Services to you, because we are legally required to do so, or for other reasons described in the section “Use of Personal Information” below. If you do not provide the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the requested Services.
Collection of Personal Information
WWE collects Personal Information from users of our Services in a number of ways, including:
Through the Services
.
We collect your Personal Information through the Services, e.g., when you:
Subscribe to our free newsletters, including updates, special offers and promotions;
Participate in contests and sweepstakes;
Register for accounts or profiles, including Single Sign-On;
Purchase merchandise, WWE Network subscriptions, and any other products or services;
Send e-mails via various links on our Services;
Contact us via our call center or live chat function (we may keep a recording or transcript of such communications for quality assurance purposes);
Watch videos through one of our streaming services on the WWE network
Use the Services, such as click links and place items placed in your shopping cart.
Offline
We collect Personal Information from you offline, e.g., when you attend one of our shows, place an order over the phone, or contact customer service.
From Other Sources
.
We may receive your Personal Information from other sources such as, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (including from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected) and from other third parties. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any third-party platform’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information that you choose to provide to that third party.
The use of any of the Services is entirely voluntary; however, if you do not provide the Personal Information requested, you might not be able to register or the Services may not be available for your use.
We work with third-party ticket sellers who administer ticket sales for WWE and may share certain information with us regarding the purchases you made. We also use a third-party payment service to process payments made through the Services. If you wish to make a payment through the Services, your Personal Information may be collected by the third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information.
If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
We and our service providers use Personal Information for legitimate business interests, including:
Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests.
To provide you with the Services you requests.
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, complete your transactions, and provide you with related customer service.
To send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies
We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you.
Providing you with our newsletter other marketing materials, surveys, and to facilitate social sharing.
To send you communications such as marketing communications, including through marketing on social media, email messages and other types of communications, that we believe may be of interest to you based on your information, preferences and interests, including how you use and interact with the Services and any content provided thereon.
To send you invites to participate in our surveys, in which we give you the opportunity to share your experiences back with us.
To facilitate social sharing functionality that you choose to use.
If you reside in the EEA or UK, we will engage in this activity with your consent (if you are a potential user), or because we have a legitimate interest in developing our business and our revenues by promoting the Services to users and potential users (if you are already a user).
Personalizing the Services.
To personalize your experience on the Services by presenting products and offers tailored to you based on your information, preferences and interests, including how you use and interact with the Services and any content provided thereon.
To allow you to use a single set of credentials to access the Services.
If you reside in the EEA or UK, we will provide personalized Services either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest in making our Services more attractive to you, which helps develop our business and our revenues by increasing the use of our Services.
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and other promotions.
We may administer your participation in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
Some of these activities have additional rules containing information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information.
We use this information to manage our contractual relationship with you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our business activities.
We engage in these activities because we have a legitimate interest in making our Services more attractive to you, which helps develop our business and our revenues by increasing the use of our Services.
Sharing of Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be shared:
With our affiliates (listed below) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information.
With our third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us.
These may include providers of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services.
With third parties, to permit them to send you marketing communications about their products and services.
This sharing will be consistent with your choices, and as permitted by (and in compliance with) laws of your jurisdiction (including laws requiring your consent to third party marketing uses of your Personal Information).
With third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions that you choose to enter.
This sharing will be consistent with your choices, and as permitted by (and in compliance with) laws of your jurisdiction (including laws requiring your consent to third party marketing uses of your Personal Information).
By you with other users and website visitors, on message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and content, including video (including, without limitation, our Social Media Pages).
Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become publicly available and may be available to other users and the general public.
With other third parties
We may also use and share your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of residence, to respond to requests from public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence, to cooperate with law enforcement, or for other legal reasons such as in connection with potential or actual litigation or dispute resolution; (b) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
In addition, we may use, disclose or transfer your Personal Information to a third party in the event of any potential or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Other Information
“Other Information”
is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. Other Information includes:
Browser and device information;
App usage data;
Certain information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies;
Location data;
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity; and
Information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals your specific identity.
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Policy.
Collection of Other Information
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Through your use of the App.
When you download and use the App, we and our service providers may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
Using cookies and other tracking technologies.
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags, scripts, and similar technologies are used by WWE, our affiliates and advertising partners and our partners who serve content on our Services. For more information about the tracking technologies we use read our
Cookie Policy
. To manage Flash cookies, please
click here
. We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies.
Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates. For more information about the pixel tags and similar tracking technologies we use read our
Cookie Policy
.
IP Address.
Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Approximate Location.
We may collect the approximate location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals. We may use your device’s location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content and so that we may serve you the correct version of the application. We may also share your device’s location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content about our Services and to study the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. In some instances, your consent may be required to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, and if you do not consent, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content. If you no longer wish to have location-based information collected for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by
clicking here
. If you are in the EU, please
click here
. If you no longer wish to have your location collected or used, you may opt-out (withdraw your consent) by turning this off at the device level.
Analytics.
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. Some countries in the European Union do not permit the use of Google Analytics. Therefore, Google Analytics has been disabled in those countries.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law, including when we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
Third Party Services
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you choose to disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
Third Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services.
You may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags). They may also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop. If you are in the EEA or UK, we will obtain your consent before allowing third parties to collect your information through our Services. To learn more about the information collected by this type of tracking, please review our
Cookie Policy
. If you would like more information about this practice in general, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, please visit
http://optout.aboutads.info/#
/ and
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/
.  You may download the AppChoices app at
www.aboutads.info/appchoices
to opt out in mobile apps.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below. To the maximum extent permitted by law, WWE will not be liable for any direct or indirect damage or loss if any third-party gains unauthorized access to your Personal Information.
Choices and Access
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from:
Receiving electronic marketing communications from us: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the e-mail communications you receive or contacting us at
privacy@wwe.com
;
Our sharing of your Personal Information with affiliates for their direct marketing purposes: If you would prefer that we not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with our affiliates for their direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by contacting us at
privacy@wwe.com
. If you reside in the EEA or UK, we do not share your Personal Information with affiliates except with your prior consent; and
Our sharing of your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes: If you would prefer that we not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by contacting us at
privacy@wwe.com
. If you reside in the EEA or UK, we do not share your Personal Information with such unaffiliated third parties except with your prior consent.
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. If you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out. Please note, deactivating an account is not the same as opting out from marketing. If you deactivate your account(s) with us and do not wish to continue receiving marketing messages, please opt-out as described above.
How you can access, change or suppress your Personal Information
You may correct, delete, or update some of the Personal Information associated with a particular account by
clicking here
. Other Personal Information may be corrected or updated by contacting us via:
privacy@wwe.com
. We will respond to your request within the timeframe required by law.
If you are a resident of California or Virginia,
you have specific rights in relation to your Personal Information. Please review the section ‘Additional Information for California and Virginia Residents’ below for more information.
If you are a resident of New Zealand,
you have specific rights in relation to your Personal Information. Please review the section ‘Additional Information for New Zealand Residents’ below for more information.
If you are a resident of the EEA or UK,
you have specific rights in relation to your personal information. Please review the section Additional Information for EEA and UK Residents below for more information.
Retention Period
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; or (iii) whether retention is legally advisable (for example, in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations so that we can preserve evidence to protect or defend our rights).
Children
WWE is committed to providing protection for the privacy of children who may visit our Services. We encourage parents to become familiar with the features of our Services and participate in the activities offered on our Services.
We do not knowingly solicit, collect, use or retain any Personal Information, for any purpose whatsoever (including internal or external marketing or promotional purposes), from visitors to these Services who are under the age of 13. In addition, we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to our attention.
If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information at one of our Services, we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services. We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children.
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfer
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. For users outside the EEA and UK: By using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.
If you are located in the EEA or the UK, your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States, which is not considered adequate by the European Commission and Information Commissioner’s Offices (ICO), respectively. We have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission and Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), to protect your Personal Data when it is transferred to the United States.
In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
Text Marketing Notifications
By subscribing to WWE text notifications in the United States, you agree to receive automated marketing text messages from us about our products and services at the phone number you provided when you subscribed, and that the messages may be sent via automatic telephone dialing system or other technology. Message frequency varies. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Reply STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE or QUIT to opt-out and HELP for customer support. For additional assistance, you may contact us at
smshelp@wwe.com
. You may receive an additional text message confirming your decision to opt-out. You understand and agree that attempting to opt-out by any means other than texting the opt-out commands above is not a reasonable means of opting out. Personal Information obtained from the SMS (for US residents) and long code (for residents of Canada) opt-ins will not be shared with third parties for their own marketing purposes. But WWE can share SMS opt-ins with third party service providers to market on WWE’s behalf.
Additional Information for California and Virginia Residents
This section of the Privacy Policy provides additional information solely for California and Virginia residents, as required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“CDPA”) and applies to Personal Information, whether collected online or offline. As used in this section of the Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California or Virginia resident or household.
Personal Information Not Covered by this California Section
This section does not address or apply to our handling of publicly available information made lawfully available by state or federal governments or other Personal Information that is subject to an exemption under Section 1798.145(c) — (f) of the CCPA and Section 59.1-571 of the CDPA.
This section also does not apply to Personal Information we collect about California job applicants, independent contractors, or current or former full-time, part-time and temporary employees and staff, officers, directors or owners of WWE, and use solely in that context. If you apply for a job through our recruitment site, you should refer to our
Privacy & Information Security Practices for Candidates of WWE Careers Site notice
Categories of Personal Information that we Collect and Disclose
Our collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information will vary depending upon the circumstances and nature of our interactions or relationship with you. The table below sets out, generally, the categories of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA/CPRA, and the CDPA) that we collect and disclose to others for a business purpose. We collect these categories of Personal Information from the sources described in the ‘Collection of Personal Information’ section above and for the purposes described in the ‘Use of Personal Information’ section above.
Categories of personal information collected (see below for more details)
Do we collect?
Do we disclose for business purposes?
Name, contact info and other identifiers such as a real name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name.
Yes
Yes
Customer records such as paper and electronic customer records containing Personal Information, such as name, signature, telephone number, live chat records, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial or payment information (processed exclusively through a third-party payment processor), household information in the context of surveys.
Yes
Yes
Purchase history and tendencies such as commercial information including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
Yes
Yes
Usage data such as internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
Yes
Geolocation data such as your approximate location as derived from IP address / device ID in the context of serving locally relevant content, promotions and advertising.
Yes
Yes
Audio, video and other electronic data: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such as, photographs, videos submissions and call recordings.
Yes
Yes
Profiles and Inferences: such as inferences drawn from Personal Information to create a profile reflecting preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes.
Yes
Yes
Your CCPA/CPRA Rights and Choices (For California residents only)
The CCPA/CPRA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your rights under the CCPA/CPRA and explains how to exercise those rights. Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests:
Right to Delete: You have the right to request that we delete, and direct any service providers that have received that Personal Information to delete, the Personal Information that we have collected and retained, unless an exemption applies. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will delete (and, if applicable, direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exemption applies.
Right to Access: You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:
the categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
the categories of sources of Personal Information we collected about you;
our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling that Personal Information;
the categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed or shared that Personal Information;
the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected from you;
the categories of third parties with whom your Personal Information has been sold; and
the categories of Personal Information that we have sold (if any).
Right to Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information: You have the right to request that WWE cease the sale of your information to third parties, including the sharing of information for behavioral advertising.
Right to Correction/Rectification: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request correction of any inaccurate Personal Information. Upon verifying the validity of a verifiable correction request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct your Personal Information as directed, taking into account the nature and the purposes of maintaining your Personal Information.
Non-Discrimination: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA/CPRA. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights or impose unreasonable requirements on financial incentives offered to California consumers related to your Personal Information. We may offer different prices, rates, or quality of goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value of your Personal Information.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: You have the right to request that WWE limit its use of your Sensitive Personal Information (if collected) to that use which is necessary to provide you with the goods and/or services you requested.
Submitting Requests: You can submit your privacy request by:
Submitting a request online
here
Sending an email to
privacy@wwe.com
Calling us at 1-844-963-1817
We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA/CPRA on your behalf, but the agent must provide proof that the agent is authorized to make a request on your behalf.
We may ask you for additional information necessary to verify or process your request. Where applicable, we may ask for proof that an authorized agent is entitled to act on your behalf. We may also carry out checks, including with third party identity verification services, to verify your identity before taking any action with your Personal Information. We will endeavor to respond to your verifiable requests within 45 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 additional days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request receipt. Generally, California residents can exercise rights free of charge.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your request, you may also lodge a complaint with the California Privacy Protection Agency by visiting
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
or by emailing
info@cppa.ca.gov
.
Right for Minors to Remove Posted Content
Separate from the CCPA/CPRA, if you are a California resident and are aged under 18 and a registered user of the Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Services by writing to
privacy@wwe.com
. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
Your CDPA Rights and Choices (For Virginia residents only)
The Virginia CDPA provides Virginia residents with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your rights under the CDPA and explains how to exercise those rights. Subject to certain exceptions, Virginia residents have the right to make the following requests:
Right to Delete: You have the right to request that we delete, and direct any service providers that have received that Personal Information to delete, the Personal Information that we have collected and retained, unless an exemption applies. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will delete (and, if applicable, direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exemption applies.
Right to Access: You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:
the categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
the categories of sources of Personal Information we collected about you;
our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling that Personal Information;
the categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed or shared that Personal Information;
the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected from you;
the categories of third parties with whom your Personal Information has been sold; and
the categories of Personal Information that we have sold (if any).
Right to Correction/Rectification: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request correction of any inaccurate Personal Information. Upon verifying the validity of a verifiable correction request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct your Personal Information as directed, taking into account the nature and the purposes of maintaining your Personal Information.
Right to Object to Processing: You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Information at any time, where we are processing your Personal Information for targeted advertising or profiling.
Non-Discrimination: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CDPA. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights or impose unreasonable requirements on financial incentives offered to Virginia consumers related to your Personal Information. We may offer different prices, rates, or quality of goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value of your Personal Information.
Right to Appeal: If WWE denies your request to exercise any of your rights, or fails to respond within the timeframe outlined below, you have the right to appeal the decision. You may do so directly with WWE, or you may contact the Virginia Attorney General and submit your complaint
here
.
Submitting Requests: You can submit a privacy request by:
Submitting a request online
here
Sending an email to
privacy@wwe.com
Calling us at 1-844-963-1817
We will respond to verifiable requests received from Virginia residents as required by law. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CDPA on your behalf, but the agent must provide proof that the agent is authorized to make a request on your behalf.
We may ask you for additional information necessary to verify or process your request. Where applicable, we may ask for proof that an authorized agent is entitled to act on your behalf. We may also carry out checks, including with third party identity verification services, to verify your identity before taking any action with your Personal Information. We will endeavor to respond to your verifiable requests within 45 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 additional days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Generally, Virginia residents can exercise rights free of charge.
Additional Information for Individuals in the EEA or UK
Your Rights
You have certain rights under applicable data protection laws with regards to our processing of your Personal Data, as described below.
Access and Rectification. You have the right to access and receive a copy of your Personal Data and require us to rectify any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data.
Right to Erasure. You have the right to request that we erase all of your Personal Data where certain legal conditions are met, such as when your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, and we do not need to retain the data information in order to comply with an EEA or UK legal obligation.
You have the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances. For example, you can request we restrict our use of your Personal Data if you contest its accuracy, or if the processing of your Personal Data is determined to be unlawful but you do not want it erased.
To the extent the Personal Data you provide us is processed based on your consent or to perform a contract, you have the right to request that we provide you (or a third party at your direction) a copy of all or part of such Personal Data in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Withdrawal of Consent. To the extent that our processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time, for example by sending us an email to op-out of marketing messages. Withdrawing your consent will not, however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal, and will not affect the lawfulness of our continued processing that is based on any other lawful basis for processing your Personal Data.
Objection to processing – Legitimate interests. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data where we are relying on our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) to justify our processing, if you have grounds to object based on your particular situation. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your data that override your rights and freedoms.
Objection to processing – Marketing. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data at any time, for any reason or no reason, where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
If you are a resident of France, you have the right to issue directions regarding the disposal of your Personal Data upon your death.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Data you would like to have rectified, whether you would like to have your Personal Data erased, or otherwise let us know what restrictions you would like to place on our use of your Personal Data. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a rectification or erasure (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to rectify the Personal Data provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion). There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
Submitting Requests: If you are located in the EEA or UK, you may exercise any of these rights by:
Submitting a request online
here
Sending an email to
privacy@wwe.com
Calling us at 1+ (203) 674-6544, or
You may contact our dedicated Data Protection Officer by sending an email to
wwedpo@wwecorp.com
or calling (203) 674- 6544.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your request, you may also lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available here.
Additional Information for New Zealand Residents
We will only send you commercial electronic messages if we have your consent. As noted above, you can unsubscribe from marketing messages at any time, and instructions will be in the email we send to you.
As noted above under the heading, “Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfers”, you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to countries outside of New Zealand, which may have data protection rules that are different from New Zealand privacy laws. We will only transfer your Personal Information to a foreign entity where we believe that the recipient entity is required to protect the information in a way that, overall, provides comparable safeguards to those required by New Zealand privacy laws.
Your Personal Information will be held by World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC., 707 Washington Blvd, Stamford, CT 06901, USA and/or by one or more of WWE’s trusted data service providers. Under the Privacy Act you have the right to access your Personal Information that we hold about you, and to have that information corrected and/or updated. You may be able to update some of your WWE Account details online. To otherwise access, correct or update information we hold about you please submit your request here, or you may send us an email at
privacy@wwe.com
. We will rely on the information that you have provided us so please ensure that information is accurate and kept up-to-date. If you find that information we hold about you is incorrect, please contact us immediately and we will correct it. Our contact details are below.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
WWE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The
"Effective"
legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a prominent notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. If applicable, we will request you to expressly accept any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Contact Us
World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC, located at the address provided below, is the company responsible for the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to
privacy@wwe.com
.
You may also contact at us by postal mail or telephone at:
WWE Member Services
707 Washington Blvd
Stamford, CT 06901
(203) 352-8600
Affiliates
Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates, including TKO Group Holdings, Inc. and its Affiliates.
APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules System
The WWE’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of Personal Data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework
can be found here
.