Privacy policy
BACtrack Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 5, 2024
This privacy policy sets out how KHN Solutions LLC ("KHN"), doing business as BACtrack ("BACtrack"), uses and protects any information that you give BACtrack when you visit our website ("Website") or purchase and use our products, connected hardware products, software, mobile applications and services (collectively "the Products and Services"). This includes the BACtrack breathalyzers and accessories, BACtrack and BACtrack View mobile applications, and BACtrack View services. Your continued use of our website, software or Products and Services indicates your agreement to these policies.
BACtrack.com is not intended for use by minors under 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 16. BACtrack's Products and Services are not intended for use by minors under 18 and we do not knowingly market our Products and Services to persons under the age of 18.
1. Information We Collect
In the course of using our Website, Products and Services, you may provide, and we may collect certain personal information, including:
Categories of Personal Information
Types of Personal Information
Sources of Personal Information
Purpose of Personal Information
Identifiers
Name, phone number, email address, postal address, customer service correspondence, user ID number, images and videos associated with your use of the BACtrack View mobile application and subscription service, social media handles.
Directly from you when you are purchasing or registering for any Products and Services, registering for use of our developer tools, or contacting customer support.
Providing our Products and Services; communicating with you, including marketing new Products and Services; fulfilling orders and providing customer service; enhancing our Products and Services; meeting our legal, regulatory and compliance obligations.
Sensitive Personal Information
Your precise geolocation, information collected and analyzed concerning your health.
Directly from you when you are using our Products and Services.
Providing our Products and Services; enhancing our Products and Services; meeting our legal, regulatory and compliance obligations.
Biometric Information
For more information about BACtrack's collection of biometric information, please refer to our Biometric Notice here:
https://www.bactrack.com/pages/bactrack-view-biometrics-terms-app
Financial Information
Credit card, or other billing information.
Directly from you when you are purchasing or registering for any Products and Services, registering for use of our developer tools, or contacting customer support.
Providing our Products and Services; fulfilling orders; meeting our legal, regulatory and compliance obligations.
Internet / Other Electronic Network Activity
IP address, mobile device identifier, cookie identifier, account user-identifiers, browser, device identifiers, or device heuristics such as operating system, and web pages visited. Information associated with the use of our BACtrack Products and Services such as device status, logs of breathalyzer activity, and precise geo-location information when you use the BACtrack View mobile application.
Cookies, pixels, online tracking technologies.
Please see additional details below regarding our use of cookies and related technologies.
Providing our Products and Services; communicating with you, including marketing new Products and Services; fulfilling orders and providing customer service; enhancing our Products and Services.
Inferences/Profile Information
Product feedback or testimonials, and any associated interest-based activities.
Directly from you during interactions on our website, such as filling out surveys, forms or social media sharing.
Providing our Products and Services; communicating with you, including marketing new Products and Services; enhancing our Products and Services.
Additional information about cookies and related technologies
BACtrack and our service providers collect certain information about your visit to our website through a variety of technologies, including:
Cookies:
These are small text files that are saved by your browser when you access our Services. We and our service providers may use both cookies and pixel tags to identify that you've visited our website, remember your profile settings and report on your interactions. We may also use cookies to customize and improve our Services. Please see below for additional information on how cookies are used with advertising services and your choices.
Pixel tags
(a.k.a. clear gifs or Web Beacons): These help us better manage content on our Site by informing us what content is effective. These pixel tags gifs (or other tracking technology) may also be included in or associated with e-mails or other communications that you receive from us in order to help us track your response and interests, and to deliver you relevant content and services. We may tie the information gathered by pixel tags, cookies, or other tracking technology to personal information that you have provided us.
Our servers automatically record certain information about how you use our website. We use this information to administer the website and analyze this information to improve and enhance the Services by expanding the content, features, and function them to our users' needs and preferences.
We may use third-party advertising services to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other websites. Below is a list of the types of cookies we utilize, and how you can opt-out of their use:
Functional cookies:
These cookies help us maintain the website, and include service providers such as Google's Tag Manager.
Measurement cookies:
These cookies help us measure your activities and the performance of our website, including Google Analytics and PowerReviews. You may opt-out of Google Analytics by
clicking here
.
Advertising cookies:
These cookies are set by third parties we advertise with to make our ads more relevant to you. These include social media services such as Facebook, and display advertising services such as Google. We endeavor to exclusively work with advertising companies that participate in the industry opt-out service provided by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). If you would like to opt-out of these types of third party advertising cookies through the DAA,
click here
.
2. How We Use and Store Information
As outlined in the table above, we use information collected through our Website, Products and Services for the following purposes:
To fulfill your product or service purchases, which may include retaining your billing information for subscriptions or other purchases,
To respond to any customer support requests you may make,
To provide, administer and improve our website or support services,
To better understand your needs and interests,
To personalize your experience,
To provide product, service or other communications,
To provide you with further information and offers from BACtrack or complementary products or services,
To administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by BACtrack or our business partners, and
To comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes with users, enforce our agreements and protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity.
For website visitors from the UK or European Union, our legal basis for processing your personal data is:
Consent for the use of cookies and to send you email marketing when you subscribe through our dedicated email subscription form.
Performance as necessary to support a contract, including fulfilling product purchases, enabling the functionality of the website, providing customer support, and notifying you of account or important product updates.
Our legitimate interest to process the data, including to protect the security or integrity of the website, to carry out statistical or other relevant products or services which may be of interest.
In order to comply with a legal obligation.
Use of information for artificial intelligence (AI) purposes:
As we continue to enhance our Products and Services, we may use your data, with your consent where required by applicable laws, with certain AI models and features, including in machine learning models. This helps us to quickly analyze large data sets to learn more about our customers and their uses of the Products and Services.
3. When We May Share Information
We do not sell your personal information; however, we may share or transfer collected information for any of the previously described purposes in these instances:
To organizations affiliated with KHN Solutions LLC.
To Shopify, who provides credit card processing and shopping cart services. Click here to review
Shopify's privacy policy
.
With service providers who assist us with website functionality, facilitate communications, enable customer support and other services connected to this Website or our communications, but only to the extent necessary to support our products or provide these services.
With advertising services as noted above in our cookie use statement.
With your consent, including with others to whom you have connected your account.
When required by law enforcement or other legal/regulatory obligation.
To a buyer or a potential future buyer of KHN Solutions LLC or any BACtrack-related assets.
We may choose to aggregate or anonymize your information and share it with partners or others for market research or other business purposes.
Third-Party Links:
Our website may contain logos or links to other websites or services. The fact that we reference another website or service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party. We do not exercise control over any of the information you provide or are collected by, these third-party websites or services. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit and services that you use.
4. Exercising Your Choices or Rights
Depending on where you live, certain rights with respect to your personal information may be available to you (subject to applicable state law limitations). These may include:
Right to Know:
The right to request that we disclose information about our collection and use of your personal information about you, including:
Categories of personal information we collect,
Categories of sources for the personal information we collect,
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information,
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information, and
The specific personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Access and Portability:
The right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you and to obtain a copy of such personal information we have collected about you, and, where required by law, obtain a copy of such personal information in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.
Right to Delete:
The right to request we delete personal information provided to or obtained by us about you, subject to certain exceptions and to the extent required by law.
Right to Correct:
The right to request we correct inaccuracies in personal information, taking into account the nature and purposes of the processing of personal information.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information:
The right to request we limit our use and disclosure of sensitive personal information to certain purposes permitted by law and/or revoke consent to our processing of your sensitive personal information.
Right to Opt-Out:
The right to opt-out of certain types of processing of personal information, including:
To opt-out of the 'sale' of personal information or sharing or use of personal information for targeted advertising.
To opt-out of any processing of personal information for purposes of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Right to Contact Supervisory Authority
*Please note that not all rights above may be available to you.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise any of your applicable rights described above, please submit a request to us by either:
Emailing us at
privacy@bactrack.com
Calling us at
877.334.6876
Please note that you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your rights under applicable privacy laws.
Verifying Your Request
Only you, or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. Your request must be verifiable before we can fulfill such request.
Verifying your request will require you to provide sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or a person authorized to act on your behalf.
We will only use the personal information that you have provided in a verifiable request in order to verify your request. As stated above, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority.
Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on a request if such request is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded.
5. Information Retention
We retain personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which the information was collected, to provide our services, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with all applicable laws.
6. International Transfer
BACtrack is based in the United States, where we and our service providers store the majority of our Website and other collected information. If you are a visitor or customer from the UK or EU, please note that we use a variety of legal mechanisms to protect the integrity and security of your information when transferring it to the U.S., including requiring our data service providers to agree to Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission.
7. Information Security
The security of your information is important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
8. Changes To This Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or other communication methods. All other updates will be made through this website by means of posting an updated version of this Privacy Policy on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the data indicted in our posting of the new terms. In all of the above cases, your continued use of the website after any notice or posted modified Privacy Policy indicates acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
9. Contact Us
If you have additional questions with respect to customer-related data, you may reach us by email at support@bactrack.com. For all other privacy-related questions, please contact us at privacy@bactrack.com or by mail at:
KHN Solutions LLC,
300 Broadway, Suite 26
San Francisco, CA 94133
United States
If you are a visitor from the UK or EU and wish to exercise your data subject rights, please contact us at DPO@BACtrack.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.