Homepage
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
In accordance with the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), this Privacy Policy sets out what information we collect, how we use data and your options as a user of this website.
Automatic data storage
When you visit websites, including this one, certain information is automatically collected and stored. When you visit our website, our web server (the computer on which this website is stored) automatically saves certain data, namely the IP address of your device, the addresses of the subpages visited, details of your browser (for example Chrome, Firefox, Edge, ...) and the date and time.
Personal data
We only collect, process and use your personal data with your consent and for the purposes agreed with you, or if we have another legal basis for doing so in accordance with the GDPR. We comply with data protection and civil law provisions.
We only collect personal data that are required for processing the services offered on our website or that you have voluntarily provided.
Personal data are all data that contain specific information on personal and material circumstances, for example name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, age, gender and photos.
Use of data
We shall not use the data you provide for any purpose other than those covered by your consent or another provision in compliance with the GDPR. Personal data that you transfer to us electronically through this website, for example your e-mail address, together with the time of transfer and the IP address, shall only be used by us for the specified purpose, shall be kept securely and shall not be disclosed to third parties. We only use personal data for communication with those visitors who explicitly request contact and for processing the services offered on this website.
We shall not store data for longer than necessary to fulfil our contractual or statutory obligations. The e-mail addresses that we use for sending out the newsletter are stored for the duration of the newsletter subscription. In addition to these data, we also record information about your use of the newsletter (including but not limited to the open rate, the open rate for individual articles and the browser used). We use these data to find out about your interests and continuously adapt our website to the needs of our users. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter message.
Data security
We use appropriate organisational and technical measures to protect your personal data. These measures relate primarily to protection from unauthorised, unlawful and accidental access, processing, loss, use and manipulation.
Notwithstanding our efforts to maintain a high standard of protection at all times, we cannot rule out the possibility of the information that you provide over the Internet being viewed and used by other persons. In particular if you send us personal data by e-mail, i.e. using a service outside this website, we cannot guarantee that your data will be securely transferred and protected. We recommend never sending confidential data unencrypted by e-mail.
Please note that we are therefore unable to accept liability of any kind for the disclosure of information resulting from errors in data transfer and/or unauthorised access by third parties for which we are not responsible (for example hacker attacks on e-mail accounts or telephones or the interception of faxes).
Your rights
You have the right, at any time, to access the personal data stored concerning you, to information on its source and recipients and the purpose of data processing, and the right to rectification, to data portability, to object, to the restriction of processing and to the blocking or erasure of incorrect data or data that has been unlawfully processed.
Please notify us in the event of changes to your personal data.
You have the right to withdraw, at any time, consent previously given to the use of your personal data. Your request for access, erasure, rectification, objection and/or, if we can reasonably be expected to provide it, the transfer of data can be sent to info@piatnik.com.
If you believe that our processing of your data infringes applicable data protection legislation or that your data protection rights have been violated in any other way, you can lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. In Austria, the competent supervisory authority is the Austrian Data Protection Authority.
Notification of data breaches
We make every effort to ensure that any data breaches are detected as soon as possible and if necessary reported to you or the competent supervisory authority together with the categories of data affected.
Liability for links
Our website contains links to external third-party websites, over the content of which we have no control. We therefore cannot accept any liability for such third-party content. The provider or operator of linked websites is responsible for their content. The linked websites were reviewed for potential legal violations at the time of linking. No unlawful content was identifiable at the time of linking. However, we cannot reasonably be expected to permanently monitor the content of linked websites without concrete indications of an infringement. If we become aware of infringements, we will remove such links immediately.
TLS encryption with https
We use https for the secure transfer of data over the Internet. We are able to ensure the protection of confidential data with TLS (Transport Layer Security), an encryption protocol for secure data transfer over the Internet. A small padlock symbol at the top left of your browser and "https" as part of our Internet address indicate the use of this secure transfer system.
Hosting provider
Data are stored with XPAX GmbH,
xpax.at
. The server provides, maintains and protects the data.
Newsletter and Club Piatnik
If you sign up for our newsletter or register for Club Piatnik, you transfer the above personal data and grant us the right to contact you by e-mail. We use the data saved as part of registration for our newsletter only and do not disclose it to third parties. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter or Club Piatnik by following the link at the bottom of each newsletter. If you unsubscribe, we shall delete all data that was saved as part of registration.
Competitions
In the case of competitions, we use personal data to notify the winners. You will find detailed information in the terms and conditions for each competition. We shall only process your personal data for the purposes of sending you news and information on products or events with your express consent.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to save user-specific data. A cookie is a small data package that is exchanged between the web browser and web server but is only used by the web application. There are two types of cookies: first-party cookies are created by our website and third-party cookies by other websites (for example Google Analytics). We distinguish between three categories of cookie: essential cookies for ensuring fundamental website functions; functional cookies for ensuring website performance; and targeted cookies for improving the user experience. We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some cookies are stored on your end device until you delete them. They allow us to recognise your browser when you next visit our website. If you do not want this to happen, you can adjust your browser settings so that you are notified of the use of cookies and only allow them in individual cases. You can disable cookies or delete cookies that are already on your computer at any time. The precise procedure depends on your browser; we recommend that you do an Internet search for "delete cookies chrome" or "disable cookies chrome" if you use Chrome, or with the name of your browser instead of "chrome" as applicable, for example edge, firefox, safari, etc. If you prevent us from using cookies by disabling cookies in your browser settings, some functions and pages may not function as expected.
Google Analytics privacy policy
This website uses Google Analytics, a service of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA), for the statistical analysis of user data. Google Analytics uses targeted cookies. For more information on the terms of service and data protection, please see
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
and
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
Disabling data collection by Google Analytics
Website users can prevent Google Analytics from using their data by using a browser add-on that disables Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, dc.js). You can prevent any data created by the cookie and relating to your use of the website from being recorded and processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
.
Facebook privacy policy
This website uses functions from Facebook, a social media network operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland. You can check what functions (social plug-ins) are provided by Facebook here
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
Information may be transferred to Facebook as a result of your visit to our website. If you have a Facebook account, Facebook will be able to associate those data with your personal account. Please log out of Facebook if you do not wish this to happen. The data protection policy setting out what information Facebook collects and how it uses that information is available at
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
. Share buttons for the social network Facebook may be integrated into our website. These buttons can be identified by the Facebook logo and the words "Share on Facebook" / "Teilen auf Facebook". Using these buttons notifies Facebook that you have visited our website from your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Share" button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can share content on our website on your Facebook profile. If you do so, Facebook will be able to associate your visit to our website to your user account. Please note that we, the website provider, do not have access to the content of the data transferred or its use by Facebook. For more information, please refer to the Facebook privacy policy at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can contact us at:
Wiener Spielkartenfabrik Ferd. Piatnik & Söhne
Hütteldorferstraße 229-231
1140 Wien, Austria
Tel.: +43 1 914 41 51
Fax: + 43 1 911 14 45
E-mail: info@piatnik.com
www.piatnik.com
You can contact our Data Protection Officer:
Wiener Spielkartenfabrik Ferd. Piatnik & Söhne
ROBERT HAYES
Hütteldorferstraße 229-231,
1140 Wien, Austria
robert.hayes@piatnik.com
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Notice
Download PDF
We use Cookies.
In order to provide you the best possible service, we use cookies on our website. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.
Accept all cookies
Accept only mandatory cookies
More information
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies