Privacy Policy (Buyers Version)
Update date: Jul 28, 2022
Effective date: Aug 4, 2022
In case of any questions, opinions or suggestions about the Policy or personal information protection, please
            contact us in the following ways. Under normal circumstances, we will give a reply within 7 working days.
Email: buyerservice@made-in-china.com, app@made-in-china.com
Tel.: 86-25-6667 7777
Notes
Your trust is very important to us. We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you. We
            will take effective measures to protect the safety and controllability of your personal information in
            accordance with laws and regulations.
Focus Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we" or "Focus Tech", address: No. 7, Lijing Road,
            Jiangbei New Area, Nanjing, Jiangsu) pays attention to protecting users' personal information and personal
            privacy. This Privacy Policy contains the terms regarding personal information (hereinafter referred to as
            "Information") between us and Users (hereinafter referred to as "You") in relation to the use of the
            Made-in-China.com in different language versions and in different terminals (www. made-in-china.com for PC,
            m.made-in-china.com for touch screen).
Especially, the Policy does not apply to the services provided by any other third party for you that shall be
            subject to the privacy policy separately explained by it to you.
Before using our products or services, please read and understand the Policy carefully to help you understand
            how to protect your privacy right,
especially the clauses marked in italics/bold/underline in
                bold. You should start using our products or services after confirming that you fully understand and agree
                with the Policy.
Please focus on the important clauses hereof (possibly) closely related to
            your rights and interests that have been clearly marked to remind you. In case of any questions about the
            Policy, you can temporarily stop using our products or services and contact us through contact information
            published by us. Your use of the services provided by us means that you have agreed with our collection,
            processing, storage, use and protection of your personal information in accordance with the Policy.
This Privacy Policy will be translated into different language versions through translation
            software, including but not limited to English, Japanese, French, Spanish, etc.. Should there be any
            conflict between the different language versions, the
Chinese version
shall
            prevail.
The Policy will help you understand:
I. Collection and Use of
                Information
II. Use of Cookie and
                Similar Technologies
III. Sharing, Transfer,
                and Public Disclose of
                Information
IV. Protection of
                Information
V. Management of
                Information
VI. Processing of
                Minors' Information
VII. Global Transfer of
                Information
VIII. Update of the
                Policy
top
I. Collection and Use of Information
In order to improve the service quality and user experience, we will retain the information on your service
            use and related usage methods.
In light of different functions of products and different fields
                collected due to systems
, your information we will collect and save on your use of corresponding
            products is explained as follows:
(I) Personal information you actively provide in the process of providing you with products
                    and/or services
In order to realize business functions of Made-in-China.com, we need to collect your personal
                    information. The following will list in detail the personal information you voluntarily provide
                    during the product and/or service process to realize the basic business functions of
                    Made-in-China.com and the personal information that is collected for the realization of this
                    function. If you refuse to provide the personal information required for realizing a certain
                    function, you cannot use such function. Note: If you provide the personal information of another
                    person, please ensure that you have obtained the authorization from such person.
1. Member services: In order to register as a member and use
                        our member services,
the
                            member name and password to be used, and email address
must be provided to create a
                        platform account. If you only need to use browsing and search services, you are not required to
                        register as our member or provide the above information.
We mainly collect your email address, country, name, company name, mobile phone
                            number and sourcing products, type of company, annual purchase volume, purchase frequency
                            and other information.
We may manage subscriptions based on the combination of one
                            or more of the above options in order to provide you with page displays and recommend
                            personalized contents that better meet your needs.
2. Marketing activities: If you win a prize in a lottery or
                        coupon collection activity,
the winner's name, phone number, receiving address, and nickname
must also be
                        provided, so that we can contact you when distributing the prize,
but we will release
                            the information on the winner in an anonymized manner.
3. Advertisement push: In order to better provide you with
                        recommendation services, we may,
through methods including but not limited to system notifications, short messages, and
                            emails, reasonably send you commercial advertisements, the latest management and product
                            information on the platform, and other service notifications that registered users must be
                            informed of, or show you personalized third-party promotional information through the
                            system.
In case You do not wish to receive such information,
You can
                            unsubscribe through the corresponding unsubscribe function (or through the contact
                            information at the beginning of this article).
4. Customer services: When you contact us, we may
record
                            the conversation between you
                            and us and collect other necessary information required for solving the problem
in
                        order to
                        verify your identity and help you solve the problem.
5. Functions necessary for cloud exhibition-related services:
                        When you participate in an
                        online cloud exhibition via Made-in-China.com, we need to enable
camera and
                            microphone
                            permissions of the equipment used by you to complete the complete video recording and
                            accompanying functions in the recording process
, and ask for your consent in
                        the form
                        of a pop-up notification when enabling such permissions for the first time; if you refuse to
                        grant
                        camera and microphone permissions, the video recording cannot be completed.
In the
                            live
                            recording process, we will record and save all your dynamic and static images and show them
                            to
                            other users. Meanwhile, according to the corresponding national laws and regulations, we
                            will
                            monitor your video images in real time to ensure that your video contents comply with laws,
                            regulations, public order and good customs.
6. Picture/video/file access and upload functions: You can use
the tools for taking
                            pictures and videos to normally upload pictures or videos to the material library, and
                            quickly
                            select the function of annex to inquiry when replying to inquiries.
7. E-mail: You can chat with a supplier by email. We will
                        obtain
email receipt records
to meet
                        the instant communication reminder function.
8. Instant communication function: You can
chat with a
                        supplier through IM
on
                        pages for product browsing, bargaining, and supplier display.
We may obtain chat
                            records,
                            and send IM message reminders, etc.
(II) Personal information we actively collect and use in the
                process of providing you with
                products and/or services
During your use of our services, in order to identify the abnormal status of your account, understand
                    the
                    suitability of products, and provide you with page displays and search results that better meet your
                    needs, we may automatically collect the information on your use and store it as the web log,
                    including:
1. Equipment information: We will, based on your specific
                        operations during software
                        installation and/or use, receive and record the
information on the equipment used by you
                            (including but not limited to operating system version, MAC address, equipment environment,
                            CPU,
                            memory information and IP address), and the information on the location of the equipment
                            (including but not limited to GPS location authorized by you)
.
2. Service log information: When you use the products or
                        services provided by our website
                        or client, we will automatically collect the information on your use of our services and save it
                        as
                        the service log,
including but not limited to browsing, click to view, trading, follow
                            and
                            sharing, information publishing, and operation, time, and abnormal information in business
                            logs
.
Note: Separate equipment information or service log cannot be used to identify a
                            specific natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information
                            to
                            identify a specific natural person, or combine it with personal information, during the
                            combination, such non-personal information will be treated as personal information; unless
                            authorized by you or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will process such
                            non-personal information in an anonymous and unidentifiable manner.
(III) Personal information we obtain from a third
                party
We may collect and use your personal information from a third party (our partners) within the scope
                    of
                    your authorization. We guarantee that we will process your personal information in strict accordance
                    with the contract with the third party and the relevant laws and regulations. Meanwhile, you should
                    read
                    the third party's privacy policy and user agreement in detail.
If you refuse a third party's
                        collection,
                        use or transmission of your personal information in the provision of services, it may lead to your
                        disability to use the corresponding services of Made-in-China.com.
1. Third-party login: We may share your account information
                        (avatar, nickname, and other
                        information prompted on the page) with a third party with your consent, so that you can easily
register or log in with a third-party account (such as
                            Facebook/Linkedln/Twitter/Instagram/Google)
. In addition, we may obtain your
                        third-party account information from a third party based on your authorization and bind it to
                        your
                        platform account, so that you can directly log in and use our products and/or services through
                        the
                        third-party account. We will use your relevant information within the scope of your
                        authorization.
2. Follow and sharing: When you browse our website or client,
                        you can add to favorites the
                        products and/or services you are interested in, establish a follow relationship with the
                        merchants/brands/other members you are interested in, and share information with other third
                        parties
                        through functional components provided by us.
During your use of the above-mentioned
                            functions, we will collect the service log including your favorites, follow relationships,
                            and
                            sharing history to achieve the above-mentioned functions and other purposes we have clearly
                            notified you.
(IV) To realize the relevant business functions of
                Made-in-China.com, we will enable your
                equipment access permissions as follows:
When you use Made-in-China.com, for the purpose of providing you with services, we may
                    obtain
                    the following permissions from you. Of course, you can refuse to grant such permissions, or
                    disenable
                    such permissions for Made-in-China.com in settings of your phone. Disenabling such permissions will
                    not
                    affect your use of other functions of Made-in-China.com.
Your device access permissions we may enable for achieving the relevant business functions
                    are
                    listed one by one:
Business scene
Scene description
Permission
Lounge
Services related to participation in online cloud
                                exhibitions
Access to microphone
Access to camera
Inquiry
Publishing of demand information
Access to local pictures
Access to camera
(V) Other purposes
In order to provide you with services, improve our service quality and optimize your service
                    experience,
                    we will use your personal information in compliance with laws and regulations or under your
                    authorization
1. We may use your personal information to verify your
                        identity, to prevent, detect, and
                        investigate possible frauds or acts endangering security or violating laws or agreements with or
                        policies or rules of us or affiliates, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of you,
                        other
                        users, us or affiliates.
2. We will invite you to participate in surveys about our
                        products and services, to improve
                        your user experience and our service quality.
3. We may combine personal information and transaction
                        information from a certain service
                        with information obtained from other services for comprehensive statistics, analysis or
                        processing,
                        to provide you with more personalized services.
4. If the information you provide includes the
                        personal information of other
                        users,
                        you need to ensure that you have obtained legal authorization before providing such personal
                        information on Made-in-China.com.
If children's personal information is involved, you need to
                            obtain the consent of guardians corresponding to such children before publishing. Under the
                            foregoing circumstance, guardians have the right to contact us through the contact
                            information
                            set forth herein and require us to correct or delete the content involving children's
                            personal
                            information.
5. Other purposes approved or authorized by you.
(VI) Exceptions
According to the relevant laws and regulations, we can collect and use some necessary personal
                    information without your authorization or consent, if:
A. The personal information is related to our obligations
                        under laws and regulations;
B. The personal information is directly related to national
                        security and national defense
                        security;
C. The personal information is directly related to public
                        security, public health, and
                        major public interests;
D. The personal information is directly related to criminal
                        investigation, prosecution, and
                        trial, and execution of judgments;
E. The personal information is collected and used to protect
                        major legitimate rights and
                        interests of your or other individuals such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain
                        your
                        consent;
F. The personal information involved is disclosed to the
                        public by yourself;
G. The personal information is necessary according to the
                        long-term and cumulative contract
                        between you and us;
H. The personal information is collect from legally publicly
                        disclosed information, such as
                        legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
I. The personal information is necessary to maintain the safe
                        and stable operation of our
                        products and/or services, such as discovering and dealing with product or service failures;
J. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations
                        occur.
top
II. Use of Cookie and Similar Technologies
(I) Cookie
Our website incorporates the consent management tool from consentmanager AB ("consentmanager") available
                    at www.consentmanager.net, which is utilized to secure consent for the processing of data and the
                    use of cookies or similar technologies. Through "consentmanager", you have the option to provide your
                    consent for specific functionalities of our site, such as data analytics and personalized advertising.
                    "consentmanager" enables you to either grant or withhold consent for all features collectively,
                    or to consent to individual purposes or functionalities. Additionally, you retain the ability to modify
                    your preferences at any time subsequent to your initial selection.
The integration of "consentmanager" serves the primary purpose of empowering our website users to exercise
                    control over the aforementioned processes and to facilitate the modification of their consent choices
                    as they continue to engage with our site. During the operation of "consentmanager", personal data
                    and information from the device in use, such as device identifiers, are processed. Furthermore,
                    the information processed may be stored on your device as well.
With your consent, we also use our own and
third-party cookies
to analyze and improve our services. There may be two types of cookies used:
Essential Cookies: Also known as "necessary" or "strictly necessary" cookies, these are cookies required
                    for technical reasons, enabling our services to function correctly. Without these cookies,
                    the services would not be able to operate properly. We want you to understand these essential cookies and
                    why we use them. As we deploy these cookies solely to provide you with the requested services or information,
                    we do not need to obtain your consent to use them in our services.
Functional Cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our services,
                    manage your preferences, analyze how you use our services and provide a personalized experience,
                    or in a broader sense, to help us better understand how users engage with our services.
                    We believe that these cookies will improve your experience while using our services, but they are not essential.
                    Therefore, you have the option to disable the cookies listed below. However, please be aware that without these cookies,
                    some functionalities may not be available.
In order to ensure the normal operation of the website, provide you with an easier access experience,
                    and
                    recommend you contents that may be of interest to you, we will store on your computer or mobile
                    device
                    other local storages provided by Cookie, Flash Cookie or browsers (or associated applications) that
                    usually include identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters (hereinafter collectively
                    referred to as "Cookie"). With the help of Cookie, the website can store data such as your
                    preferences
                    or goods in your shopping cart.
If your browser or additional browser services permit, you can modify the acceptance of Cookie or
                    reject
                    our Cookie. For details, please refer to AboutCookies.org. However, if you do so, in some cases,
                    your
                    safe access to our website may be affected, and you may need to change settings every time when you
                    access our website.
(II) Similar technologies
In addition to Cookie, we will also use other similar technologies such as web beacons and
                    pixel tags on our website.
For example, an email we send to you may contain an address link to the content of our website; if
                    you click such link, we will track such click to help us understand your product or service
                    preferences, so that we can proactively improve customer service experience.
Web beacons are usually a kind of transparent images embedded in websites or emails. With the help of
                    pixel tags in emails, we can know whether emails have been opened.
If you do not want
                        your activities to be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our emailing list at any time.
top
III. Sharing, Transfer, and Public Disclose of Information
(I) Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual, except:
1. Sharing under statutory circumstances: We may share your
                        personal information externally
                        in accordance with laws and regulations, needs for litigation dispute resolution, or
                        requirements
                        stipulated by administrative or judicial organs in accordance with the law.
2. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your
                        explicit consent, we will share your
                        personal information with other parties.
3. Sharing in the case of your active choice: We will,
                        according to your choice, share with
                        the related product or service providers the information disclosed by yourself or we can obtain
                        from
                        other legal public channels, and the necessary information related to transactions in your
                        orders
                        through Made-in-China.com to fulfill your transaction and after-sales service needs.
4. Sharing with affiliates:
For our ease of providing
                        you with products and
                        services based
                        on your account, recommending information that may be of interest to you, identifying abnormal
                        member accounts, and protecting your personal and property safety from infringements, your
                        personal
                        information may be shared with our affiliates and/or their designated service
                        providers.
We
                        will
                        only share necessary personal information, subject to the purposes stated herein. If we share
                        your
                        sensitive personal information or any affiliate changes the purpose of using and processing
                        personal
                        information, we will again ask for your authorization and consent.
5. Sharing with authorized partners: In order to provide you
                        with more complete and
                        high-quality products and services, certain services of Made-in-China.com will be provided by
                        partners. Therefore,
we may entrust authorized partners to provide you with certain
                            services or
                            perform functions on behalf of us.
We will only share your information for the
                        legal,
                        legitimate,
                        necessary, specific and clear purposes stated herein. Authorized partners can only have access
                        to
                        the information required for their performance of duties and cannot use such information for any
                        other purpose.
For those involving children's personal information, we will not allow
                            any
                            sub-entrustment of partners.
Currently, our authorized partners include:
1) Providers of advertising monitoring, data
                                statistics, and data analysis
                                services
Unless with your permission, we will not share your personally identifiable
                                    information
                                    with partners providing advertising and analysis services. We will entrust such
                                    partners
                                    to process information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness, but will
                                    not
                                    provide your personally identifiable information, or we will process such
                                    information in
                                    an unidentifiable manner. Such partners may combine the above-mentioned information
                                    with
                                    other data they obtain legally to implement advertising services or decision-making
                                    suggestions entrusted by us.
2) Suppliers, service providers and other partners
We will send information to suppliers, service providers, and other partners that
                                    support
                                    our business, including those providing technical infrastructure services, software
                                    and
                                    hardware products and services, system products and services, analyzing how services
                                    are
                                    used, measuring the effectiveness of advertising and services, providing customer
                                    services and payment convenience, conducting academic research and surveys, and
                                    offering
                                    third-party products embedded in services of Made-in-China.com that are required for
                                    login through Made-in-China.com and use of authorized software.
We will take technical measures to process sensitive personal information, and
                                    realize
                                    disconnection from specific information such as identity, so as to make specific
                                    individuals unidentifiable.
If you refuse our partners' collection of
                                        personal
                                        information necessary to provide services in providing services, you may not be
                                        able
                                        to
                                        use the services of Made-in-China.com provided through such partners.
3) If you participate in a lottery or similar
                                advertising promotion, when
                                Made-in-China.com or related prize and product suppliers need to send the relevant
                                prizes
                                and products to you, as you are the recipient, your information (name, phone number
                                (including mobile phone number), and address) will be provided for express service
                                companies
                                such as overseas express UPS and DHL (subject to the information displayed on the
                                webpage)
                                or related suppliers.
4)When you complete your order on our website, we
                                will randomly invite you to rate and review on our products or services on third-party
                                review platforms. If you choose to participate, your information (email and order number)
                                will be provided to the third-party review platforms.
(II) Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual,
                    except:
1. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit
                        consent, we will transfer your
                        personal information to other parties.
2. In the case of merger, acquisition, asset transfer,
                        bankruptcy liquidation or
                        similar circumstances, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the
                        new
                        company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by the
                        Policy,
                        otherwise we will require such company or organization to ask you for authorization and consent
                        again.
(III) Public disclosure
Your personal information is an important part of services we provide for you. We will assume the
                    obligation to keep your information confidential in accordance with laws. We will publicly disclose
                    your
                    personal information only under the following circumstances:
1. After your explicit consent is obtained;
2. Disclosure based on laws: We may publicly disclose your
                        personal information under
                        mandatory requirements of laws, legal procedures, litigations, or competent government
                        authorities.
3. If we determine that you have violated laws and
                        regulations or seriously
                        violated the relevant agreements and rules of Made-in-China.com, or to protect the personal and
                        property safety of Made-in-China.com users or the public from infringements, we may disclose
                        your
                        personal information in accordance with laws and regulations or with your
                        consent.
4. In accordance with laws and reasonable business practices,
                        when we plan to merge with or be
                        acquired by other companies or conduct other capital market activities (including IPO and bond
                        issuance), and we need to accept due diligence from other entities under other circumstances, we
                        will provide your information for necessary entities, but we will require such entities to take
                        reasonable measures to keep your personal information confidential by signing confidentiality
                        agreements with them.
5. Made-in-China.com may disclose and share with third parties
                        with a cooperative relationship
                        the big data analysis information excluding identify contents upon statistical processing.
(IV) Examples involving the embedding of third-party codes and plug-ins to transmit personal
                    information are listed as follows:
In order to enable you to use the above-mentioned services and functions, plug-ins from
                    authorized partners or other similar applications will be embedded in our applications. When a third
                    party provides you with products and services, it may get the following permissions. Please
                    carefully
                    read and abide by the third party's user agreement and privacy policy.
Name of third-party organization
Purpose of collection and use
Scope of information collected
NetEase
Provide a new way of man-machine verification to
                                efficiently intercept machine actions
For more information, please visit:
https://dun.163.com/clause/privacy
Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Online audio and video communication, live
                                streaming;
Product video and company video storage;
For more information, please visit:
https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/301/11470
Google Ads
Release advertisements on Google search result page
                                online
For more information, please visit:
https://support.google.com/adspolicy/answer/54817?hl=zh-Hans
Youku
Synchronize product videos uploaded in the background
                                to
                                major platforms
For more information, please visit:
https://h5.m.youku.com/app/flsm.html
Microsoft
Synchronize product videos uploaded in the background
                                to
                                major platforms
For more information, please visit:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/zh-cn/privacystatement#mainhowtocontactusmodule
Version 2 Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Virus scanning for annexes to inquiries;
Virus scanning for instant chat message files
For more information, please visit:
http://www.eset.com.cn/about/privacy/
Ups
Provide logistics services for trading users
For more information, please visit:
https://www.ups.com/cn/zh/help-center/legal-terms-conditions/privacy-notice.page?
4PX
Provide logistics services for trading users
For more information, please visit:
https://www.4px.com/viewm/privacy.html
Sensors Network Science and Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
Big data analysis services
For more information, please visit:
https://www.sensorsdata.cn/terms/privacy.html
Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd.
Translation of IM chat messages
For more information, please visit:
https://xueshu.baidu.com/duty/yinsiquan-policy.html
Google Inc.
Translation of IM chat messages
For more information, please visit:
https://www.google.cn/policies/terms/archive/20070416/
SDL Software Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Inquiry translation
Automatic information translation of Multilingual-site supplier product company
For more information, please visit:
https://www.sdl-china.cn/cn/legal/privacy/
Transn IOL Technology Co., Ltd.
Artificial precision translation of multilingual-site
                                supplier product company
For more information, please visit:
http://www.transn.com/privacy-policy.html
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Users' offline payment, and system's online virtual account reconciliation
For more information, please visit:
http://www.cmbchina.com/personal/netbank/NetbankInfo.aspx?guid=ca085e03-b3f2-4ac8-8a35-3560e8276cb2
UnionPay International Co., Ltd.
Users' offline payment, and system's online virtual account reconciliation
For more information, please visit:
http://www.unionpayintl.com/cn/privacyNotice/
Beijing Networkbench Co., Ltd
Provides monitoring and analysis of Web front-end performance, and quickly locates Web front-end performance issues
For more information, please visit:
https://wukongdoc.tingyun.com/ty-doc/docs/doc/RUM/privacy/
Microsoft Clarity
Improve user experience
For more information, please visit:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
Some third-party plug-ins or similar applications that we embed may collect your personal
                    information. If
                    you use the services provided by such third parties in our services, you agree that they will
                    directly
                    collect and process your information. The embedment of third-party plug-ins may vary according to
                    individual services. For the details on the embedment of third-party plug-ins in a specific
                    individual
                    service, please visit the corresponding service page and check the specific terms and relevant pages
                    for
                    each individual service. You can also choose to contact us through contact channels set forth
                    herein. We
                    will give a reply within 7 working days.
The above third-party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third parties. Your
                    use of such third-party social media services or other services (including any information you
                    provide for such third parties) must be subject to such third parties' own service terms and
                    information protection statements (not the Policy). You need to carefully read such terms and
                    statements.
The Policy only applies to the personal information we collect, but does not
                        apply
                        to the services provided by or information usage rules of any third party. If
                        you find any risk in such third-party social media or other services, it is suggested that you
                        should terminate the relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests and
                        contact us in a timely manner.
top
IV. Protection of Information
(I) To protect your information security, we strive to adopt physical, electronic and administrative
                    security measures that meet industry standards to protect your personal information from
                    unauthorized
                    access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonable and
                    feasible
                    measures to ensure no collection of personal information that has nothing to do with the realization
                    of
                    service functions.
(II) Your information and data collected by Made-in-China.com may be
                stored and processed at the
                location
                of our company and/or our affiliates, or at the place of an entity that must know such information in
                our
                opinion. When you cancel your account, we will delete your personal information.
Unless otherwise required by laws and regulations, we will retain your personal information
                    only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose, and delete or anonymize your personal
                    information after the above retention period expires.
(III) The internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly suggest that you
                    should use a secure method and a complex password to help us ensure the security of your
                    account.
When using services of Made-in-China.com, you will inevitably disclose your personal information to
                    potential counterparties. Please properly protect your personal information and provide it to others
                    only when necessary. If you find any leakage of your personal information, especially leakage of
                    your
                    account or password, please contact our customer service personnel immediately so that we can take
                    corresponding measures.
Public information refers to any information that you voluntarily share publicly. Anyone can
                    view or
                    access such information during the use and non-use of Made-in-China.com. Please note that the
                    information you voluntarily share when using our services may involve personal information of you or
                    others or even sensitive personal information. Please consider more carefully whether to share or
                    even
                    publicly upload the relevant information during the use of our services.
The internet environment is not completely secure. We will do our best to ensure the security of any
                    information you send to us. If our physical, technical, administrative or protective facilities are
                    damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of
                    information
                    and damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear the corresponding legal
                    liability.
(IV) After the occurrence of an information security incident, we will, as required by laws and
                    regulations, promptly inform you of: basic information and possible impact of the security incident,
                    handling measures we have taken or will take, suggestions that you can independently prevent and
                    reduce
                    risks, and remedial measures for you. We will promptly inform you of the information related to the
                    incident by email, letter, telephone, and push notification. Where it is difficult to inform
                    information
                    entities one by one, we will issue an announcement in a reasonable and effective way.
Meanwhile, we will also proactively report the handling of information security incidents in
                    accordance
                    with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
top
V. Management of Information
We attach great importance to your attention to personal information, and do our best to protect your rights
            to
            inquire about, correct, and delete your personal information, cancel your account, and withdraw your
            consent, so
            that you have the full ability to protect your privacy and security.
You can access and manage your information in the following ways:
(I) Inquire about, correct and supplement your
                information
You have the right to inquire about, correct or supplement your information independently in the
                    following ways:
After clicking "Sign In" to log in on the member information page of Made-in-China.com, you can check
                    your personal information in Background>>Account of Made-in-China.com.
Note: Through the touch screen version of Made-in-China.com, you can only view your
                    information,
                    but cannot modify it. If you need to correct or supplement your information, please go to the PC
                    version
                    of Made-in-China.com.
You can check your personal information on the account information page on the main website of
                    Made-in-China.com, and click "Basic Info" or "Trade Info" to correct and/or supplement your personal
                    information.
(II) Delete your information
You can delete part of your information in the ways set forth in "(I) Inquire about, correct and
                    supplement your information".
You can request us to delete personal information if:
1. Our processing of personal information violates laws and
                        regulations;
2. We collect and use your personal information without your
                        explicit consent;
3. Our processing of personal information seriously violates the
                        agreement with you;
4. You no longer use our products or services, or you voluntarily
                        cancel your account;
5. We no longer provide you with products or services forever
                        .
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities who have obtained
                    your
                    personal information from us as many as possible, and require them to delete such information in a
                    timely manner (unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, or such entities have
                    independently
                    obtained your authorization).
After you delete or we assist you in deleting the relevant information, due to applicable
                    laws
                    and security technologies, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information
                    from
                    the backup system. We will safely store your personal information and isolate it from any further
                    processing until the backup can be cleared or such information can be anonymized.
(III) Cancel your account
You can contact Live Chat Service or you can ask for help through the contact information at the
                    beginning of this article, we will assist you in closing your account.
After you actively cancel your account, we will stop providing you with products or services,
                    and delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with the requirements of applicable
                    laws.
(IV) Constrain automatic decision making of the information
                system
In some business functions, we may make decisions only based on non-manual automatic decision-making
                    mechanisms such as the information system and algorithms. If such decisions significantly affect
                    your
                    legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation, and we will also
                    provide appropriate remedies.
(V) Respond to your requests above mentioned
To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in other ways.
                    We
                    may ask you to verify your identity before handling your request.
Generally, we will reply to you within 7 business days. If you are not satisfied, you may submit a
                    complaint through our live chat service,
Submit a Complaint
on PC (
please
                        click
) or by the contact information at the beginning of this article.
We may refuse
                        your requests involving the information that is not directly related to your identity or the
                        information duplicated for no reason, or requiring excessive technical means (for example,
                        developing a new system or fundamentally changing existing practices), or bringing risks to
                        legitimate rights and interests of others, or being unrealistic.
We will not be able to respond to your request if:
1. It is related to national security and national defense
                        security;
2. It is related to public safety, public health, and major
                        public interests;
3. It is related to criminal investigation, prosecution, and
                        trial, and execution of
                        judgments;
4. There is sufficient evidence to prove that the entity of
                        personal information has
                        subjective malice or abuses rights;
5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to
                        legitimate rights and interests of
                        you or other individuals or organizations;
6. Business secrets are involved.
top
VI. Processing of Minors' Information
Products, websites and services of Made-in-China.com are mainly for adults, so we neither target minors (the
            age
            of minors is determined by laws of your country and cultural practices of each country and region), nor
            deliberately collect personal information of minors. Meanwhile, we earnestly invite guardians to actively
            participate in and pay attention to activities, interests and hobbies of minors. Made-in-China.com will
            delete
            any discovered personal information of minors collected without the prior consent of their guardians.
top
VII. Global Transfer of Information
(1) Purpose of Cross-Border Data Transfer
We utilize global resources and servers to provide products or services. Cross-border data transfers occur as a necessary part of our core business processes to fulfill essential operational requirements.
(2) Scope and Destination of Personal Information in Cross-Border Transfers
The personal information involved in cross-border transfers includes: email, country of origin, name, gender, company name, phone number, delivery address, and nickname. Your personal information will be synchronized between our data centers in the United States, Germany, and China. This means your data will be transferred, stored, and processed on servers located in these countries. This transfer is essential to ensure the continuous and high-quality service we offer.
(3) Obtaining Your Consent
By registering and using our services, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to and stored in our data centers in the United States, Germany, and China. We will implement strict security measures to protect your data and ensure it is used solely for the legitimate purposes described in this policy. If you do not agree, you may choose "Disagree," which could impact our ability to provide services to you.
We will transfer your personal information to our data centers in the United States, Germany, and China based on your explicit consent.
(4) Risk Disclosure
Please be aware that data protection laws in other countries may differ from those in your home country, meaning that the level of protection for your personal information might vary. Despite our stringent security measures, there remains some risk associated with cross-border data transfers. We regularly assess and update our data protection practices to ensure that your personal information receives the highest level of protection even during cross-border transfers.
(5) Protection Measures
After collecting your information, we store your personal data in our self-operated data centers and encrypt it according to security control requirements before storing it. The data is then transmitted abroad via database synchronization, using the HTTPS protocol to ensure the security of the transmission channel.
During cross-border data transmission, a dedicated line is used. Real-time, bidirectional synchronization of data is achieved through an international dedicated line. As this is real-time synchronization at the database level, data flow remains consistent throughout its lifecycle, with updates at any point being immediately synchronized across all locations.
Only authorized company maintenance personnel can remotely access data stored in overseas data centers. We strictly monitor and audit all access activities.
top
VIII. Update of the Policy
In order to provide you with better services, our business may change from time to time, and the Policy will
            be
            adjusted accordingly. Without your explicit consent, we will not restrict your rights enjoyed in accordance
            with
            the Policy. We will issue any change in the Policy on this page.
For major change, we will provide more notable notices including
reminding you of relevant updates
            by sending an updated version on Made-in-China.com (in various language versions and in different versions
            terminals (www.made-in-china.com for PC and m.made-in-china.com for touch screen)) or otherwise. Please
            visit Made-in-China.com to keep abreast of the latest privacy policy. Under the aforementioned
            circumstances, if you continue to use our services, it means that you agree to accept and be bound by the
            revised Policy.
For the purpose of the Policy, major changes include but are not limited to:
1. Major changes in our service modes, such as the purpose of processing
                personal information, the
                type of personal information processed, and the way of using personal information;
2. Major changes in our control right and other aspects, such as changes
                in information controllers
                caused by mergers and acquisitions;
3. Changes in main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or
                public disclosure;
4. Major changes in your right to participate in the processing of
                personal information and the way of
                exercising such right;
5. Changes in our department responsible for personal information
                security, contact information and
                complaint channels;
6. Existence of high risks shown in the impact assessment report on
                personal information security.
If you disapprove such changes, you can choose to stop using services of Made-in-China.com; if you
            continue to use services of Made-in-China.com, it means that you have fully read, understood and agreed to
            be bound by the revised Policy.
We will also archive the old version of the Policy. If you need
            to check the old version, you can contact us through the above contact information.
In making any modification, we will put your satisfaction first. Finally, you are encouraged to check
            our privacy policy every time when you use services of Made-in-China.com.
top