ABCOM
Home
About
Contact
Policy
ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd.
Please read these terms and conditions prior to using the products and services offered by ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. By using the product, you agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions and privacy policy and terms of services (including without limitation all disclaimers, exclusion of warranties and limitations of liability contained therein). You also agree to be bound by Google's Terms of Service. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the products and services offered by ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd.
Privacy Policy:
We may collect the following information about your mobile device when you use the software.
Your hardware information
Unique ID of your device
Your Location
Access Accounts Permission
Read Phone State
This information will be kept private to ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. and will not be disclosed to third parties. We collect this information to provide you with location-based services and relevant advertisements. Advertisements are accepted when they conform to ethical standards. ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. does not verify the authenticity of an advertiser or the claims made in the Advertisements. ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of your relationship with the advertiser. Our Applications may consume bandwidth for showing advertisements which may be an image or video advertisements. To save the bandwidth it may store the video advertisement on mobile memory so that the video ad will not be downloaded frequently. We assume that you agree to Google’s Privacy Policy.
Some third-party service providers like Google Adword, Google Adsense, Google Admob, Double Click Ads, etc. will utilize the user information collected which is required for servicing the advertisement. Please review the advertisement policy document from Google provided at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads/ You may receive text messages (SMS) or notifications or emails from ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. containing new product information, updates, alerts. You agree that messages from ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd., received on your registered number will not constitute an unsolicited commercial communication irrespective of their having signed up to any "Do Not Call" / "Do Not Disturb" Registry.
Information security:
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption. ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. shall make no guarantees for the uninterrupted and continuous availability of the Products and/or Services or of any specific feature(s) of the Products and/or Services. The Products and/or Services are AS IS and are subject to the disclaimers of warranty and the limitations of liability as found in this agreement and which are subject to testing by the Users before entering into this agreement. ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. reserves the right to change or terminate the Products and/or the Services.
Customer Service:
ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. does not take the responsibility for providing any customer service related to software.
Changes to the Terms:
ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. may make changes to these Terms from time to time with or without prior notice. When these changes are made, any new terms will be made available to you at abcom.com/policy. You understand and agree that if you use the product and Services after the date on which these Terms have changed, ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. will treat your use as acceptance of the updated terms.
All the copyrights of this product are reserved with ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. Updated on 01 April. 2024. © 2024, ABCOM Information Systems Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
When you visit or interact with our sites, services or tools, we or our authorised service providers may use cookies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster and safer experience and for marketing purposes.