Mobile App Privacy Policy
Artifex Software Inc. (“Artifex”, “we”, “us” or “our”) values your privacy.  In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about users of our mobile applications including but not limited to SmartOffice, MuPDF, MuPDF Viewer, and MuPDF Mini (the “App”).
By downloading and using the App, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy.  Your use of our App and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and the affiliated End User License Agreement (“EULA”), including its applicable limitations on damages and provisions relating to the resolution of disputes to the extent permitted by law.
The Information We Collect About You
We collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of the App.
Information We Collect Directly from You.
You are not required to register with us or provide us any personal information when you download or use the App.  We may collect your name and contact information (such as your email address) if you contact us for support through Zendesk regarding the App. Please note that the App offers users the ability to create an in-App connection to an account that the user has with a third-party cloud account services, such as Google Drive, Box, Dropbox, or OneDrive (“Third-Party Services”). A permanent token is placed on the user’s mobile device to authorize such access to the Third-Party Service. However, we do not collect or process any of the documents, files, or other information that you may access on the Third-Party Service through the App.
Information We Collect Automatically.
We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our App through tracking technologies:  the type of mobile device you use with our App (including manufacture, model and system used, e.g. iPhone X running iOS X);  and the length of time you use our App.
Legal Bases for Processing
For persons located in the EEA (“EU Data Subjects”), we will process your personal information in accordance with the Regulations (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27April 2016, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).  For EU Data Subjects and where required for other data subjects by applicable law, we rely on a number of legal bases for processing your personal information.  The legal basis for our processing activities include processing personal information as necessary to comply with our contractual obligations, compliance with our legal obligations, protecting the safety of our employees, and other users, for our legitimate business interests, and pursuant to your consent.  The particular legal basis for the processing of your personal information is based upon the purpose for which such information was provided or collected.
For example, we use personal information as necessary for the performance of contracts with you, or in order to provide our App to you.  For example, we are not able to provide our App according to our EULA unless we are able to collect certain information regarding your mobile device.  We also rely on this same basis to transfer your personal information to third-party service providers that may assist us in providing the App to you.  This collection and processing of such personal information is based on Art. 6 para. 1(b) GDPR (necessary for the performance of a contract with you).
We may also process your personal information if we have received your consent or to respond to your communications or inquiries.  Please note that if we rely on consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us as set forth in the Contact Us section below, but such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal.  In addition, we may continue to use personal information if we have another legal basis to do so as described in this section, but we will inform you if that is the case.  This collection and processing of the personal information that is based on your consent is done in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1(a) GDPR.
We also process personal information for our legitimate interests, such as to improve our products and services.  For example, the legal basis for the processing of information we obtain through the use of tracking technologies is our legitimate interest in improving the performance of our App, and analyzing its use.  The legal basis for the transmission of information to third parties in case we become involved in a sale or transfer of assets, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution, or any other transaction is our legitimate interest in preparing and executing the applicable measure.  The legal basis for the transmission of information to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties is the compliance with a legal obligation.  The legal basis for the transmission of information to our legal counsel and other consultants in connection with actual or potential litigation is our legitimate interest in receiving consulting services.  This collection and processing of such personal information on grounds of legitimate interest is based on Art. 6 para. 1(f) GDPR.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:
To respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the App.
To better understand how users’ access and use our App, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our App and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
How We Share Your Information
We may share your information, including personal information, as follows:
Service Providers.
We may disclose the information we collect from you to third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
Business Transfers.
If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, or are in negotiations with respect to any such transaction, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company or entity.
In Response to Legal Process.
We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others.
We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Please note that except as noted above, we will not sell your personal information as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act or Nevada law, or share your personal information with any third party for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.
Third-Party Analytics.
We may use automated devices and applications, such as the Firebase product offered by Google, to track your use of our App.  For more information how Google uses such information see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our App.  We use these tools to help us improve the performance of our App and user experiences.  These entities may use tracking technologies to perform their services.  We do not share your personal information with these third parties.
Third-Party Services
Some of our Apps enable you to link to Third-Party Services to access your documents and files.  Any access to and use of such Third-Party Services are not governed by this Policy, but instead are governed by the privacy policies of those Third-Party Services.  We are not responsible for the information practices of such Third-Party Services.
Security of My Personal information
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your Google Drive, Box, Dropbox, or OneDrive  accounts that you may access through the App by, among other things, providing a robust password to access your mobile phone, signing off after using your phone, choosing a robust password for the App that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private.  We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Access to My Personal information
You may request access, modification, or deletion of personal information that you have submitted to us contacting us at
info@artifex.com
. We will use reasonable efforts to respond and comply with these requests to the extent required by law.
EU Data Subject Rights
Under GDPR, EU Data Subjects have the following rights:
You have the right to information as to whether or not and to which extent we process your personal information.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data based on Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) of the GDPR on grounds relating to your particular situation at any time.
You have the right to rectification of any inaccurate personal information about you and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal information about you completed.
You have the right to the erasure of your personal information without undue delay unless we have a legitimate interest to keep the information, such as in the event we need the information to perform a contract with you, provide you the App or Services, or to comply with a legal obligation.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal information, unless we have a legitimate interest to continue processing the information for the purpose in respect to which you requested the restriction.  For example, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes).  If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal information for this purpose.
You have the right to receive your personal information from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in certain circumstances.  However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
You have the right to withdraw your previously given consent at any time, provided that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing prior to that time.
The controller of your personal information under GDPR is Artifex Software, Inc., 1305 Grant Avenue, Suite 200, Novato, CA 94945.
If you are an EU Data Subject, you may exercise any of your rights in this section in relation to your personal information by written notice to us at the following email address:
info@artifex.com
.
If you believe our processing of your personal information violates data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.  You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged violation.
Retention.
For EU Data Subjects, your personal information will not be stored longer than permitted by applicable law or longer than necessary to fulfill our purposes for processing your personal information, which are stated in this Policy.  The personal information of EU Data Subjects will be processed by us during the following time periods:
Users App.
We will retain your personal information for as long as you are using the App, provided that we will retain your personal information thereafter to fulfill our legal obligations, exercise or defend legal claims, or where we have a legitimate interest in retaining such personal information.
Communication.
If you have contacted us, e.g. via email, your personal information will be stored as long as necessary for us to complete any request or handle any issue for which you contacted us, provided we may retain such personal information for longer periods of time to fulfill our legal obligations, exercise or defend legal claims, or where we have a legitimate interest in retaining such personal information, such as for tracking and analytic customer service and product performance issues.
Legal and Accounting Obligations.
We may retain personal information as long as necessary to comply with legal or accounting obligations.
Notice of California Privacy Rights
The following notice is provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).  If you are a California resident who has provided personal information to Artifex, or a California resident that reasonably believes that Artifex, collected or stores their personal information, you may exercise your rights under the CCPA and submit your requests by emailing us at:
info@artifex.com
NOTE: we do not sell your personal information as that term is defined in the CCPA or under Nevada Law (Section Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes) or share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  
You have the right to request Artifex to: (a) disclose what personal information it collects, uses, and discloses; and (b) delete personal information collected or maintained by Artifex.
In order to submit a request, we will need to verify your identity, which may include requesting two or more data points that correspond to your use of the App.
Please note that following your verified request, we will send you your personal information from the following email address:
info@artifex.com
(Any response to your request, including any personal information may be sent as an encrypted file).
We will process and respond to your request within 45 days (in some cases, as is allowed under the CCPA, this process may be extended by an additional 45-90 days).
Please note that once you have submitted a request, we will send you a receipt, acknowledging your request, within 10 days.  If, for some reason, you do not receive such a receipt within 10 days of your submitted request, please send us an email to:
info@artifex.com
as an error may have occurred.
Please note, that regarding requests under subsections (a), (b), and (c) above, you may only make two requests in a 12-month period, and the information provided need only cover the 12-month period prior to your request.
We hereby inform you that if you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA we may not deny you goods or services for that reason, or subject you to different prices than those paid by other consumers, unless provided otherwise under the CCPA, Federal, or State law.
Notice of Personal Information We Collect
Pursuant to California Civil Section 1798.100(b), this serves as notice of the categories of information that we collect through the App.  In particular, the App has collected the following categories of personal information from California consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Collected
Purpose
A. Identifiers
Yes
To Provide Support for the App; To contact you in response to your inquires; For security and fraud prevention.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
No
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
No
D. Commercial information.
No
E. Biometric Information.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Yes
To provide support for the App; To evaluate, develop, and improve the performance features and functionalities of the App.
G. Geolocation data.
No
H. Sensory data (e.g. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information).
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer.
No
Children
Our App is not designed for children under 13 (and in the case of EU Data Subjects, children under 16). If we discover that a child under 13 (and in the case of EU Data Subjects, a child under 16) has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our App or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at:
info@artifex.com
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically.  We will post any changes to this Policy on the App. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our App or if you have an account with us, providing notice to the email address in your account (for this reason you should make sure to update your account information promptly if it changes).
Policy last revised: July 26, 2022