Now playing
Next
Nutrition
How to plan meals around your workouts
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/:
I. What is the purpose of this policy?
Summary:
On this page you will find information about how LiveRamp processes personal data when providing its services.
For any information relating to the use of your personal data during your visit to our website, you can consult the
dedicated privacy policy
.
For information concerning LiveRamp’s use of cookies and pixels, click
here
The LiveRamp group provides its customers with tools to optimise their online marketing activities. As part of these activities, personal data that can directly or indirectly identify.B individuals are collected and processed.
In the United Kingdom, the LiveRamp group carries out its activities under the responsibility of LiveRamp UK Limited, a company with its registered address at 8 Kean Street, First Floor, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 4AS (“
LiveRamp
” or “
we
“). As explained in this policy, depending on the circumstances, we may act as either a controller of personal data or as a processor acting on behalf of our customers.
This policy provides information about how your personal data is processed when we provide our services. This information is provided as part of a transparency process, to help you understand our processing activities, which are usually carried out in collaboration with our customers and other partners from which we collect personal data. To this end, to supplement the information provided in this policy, please consult the privacy policies of the partners concerned.
Specific legal terminology used in this policy, such as “personal data”, “controller” and “processor”, shall have the same meaning as set out in the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
UK
GDPR
“).
Who are our “partners” mentioned in this policy?
In providing our services we interact with, and in some cases share and receive data from, various partners who are organisations involved in the delivery of online advertising. We use different terminology depending on the type of partner, as explained below:
“Match Partners” – these are publishers of websites and mobile applications who use LiveRamp’s services to collect personal data from visitors to those sites and applications.
“Offline Partners” – these are commercial data providers from whom LiveRamp obtains personal data used to build its offline data repositories. These data repositories enable LiveRamp to link personal data for the purpose of providing our services to our customers.
“Sync Partners” – these are other advertising technology platforms with whom LiveRamp will synchronise user identifiers. These enable our customers to more effectively target online advertising.
Who are our “customers” mentioned in this policy?
Our customers are advertisers operating in sectors such as retail, automotive, telecommunications and insurance. LiveRamp provides various services to our customers to enable them to undertake more effective online advertising.
II. In which cases does LiveRamp process your personal data?
Summary:
LiveRamp processes your personal data in various data repositories. The data held in these repositories is sourced from commercial data providers with whom you have interacted, publicly available sources and from website and mobile application providers which embed LiveRamp technologies.
LiveRamp uses the data held in its data repositories to establish links between the data provided to us by our customers and data concerning the users of other websites and applications. By making these links LiveRamp enables its customers to more effectively target advertising to the users it is trying to reach across different advertising technology platforms. LiveRamp is a controller of the data held in its data repositories, which it uses to facilitate its linking process. This data is not shared with our customers. However, certain online identifiers which are created as a result of the linking process are shared with customers and advertising platforms to facilitate online advertising.
Separately, LiveRamp’s advertiser customers provide us with their own datasets (for example, lists of their existing customers). LiveRamp is a processor of the data provided to it by its customers, which is then linked by LiveRamp. This means we process such data on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
To provide its services, LiveRamp, as the data controller, builds offline and online data repositories of your personal data. The “offline” repository, a database of directly identifying data, and the “online” repository, a database which does not contain directly identifying data (e.g. names) but which includes online user identifiers, are used to enable LiveRamp to provide its services to customers.
The purpose of this processing is to enable LiveRamp to link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation technologies, to enable our customers to pursue their own objectives and purposes with regards to measurement, analysis, online and TV targeted advertising.
* Recognition, to link an individual’s personal data collected from potentially various sources or in different formats or structures.
* Pseudonymisation, to ensure maximum confidentiality and security while processing personal data.
* Synchronisation, to link different advertising environments.
You have various rights in relation to our processing of your personal data (e.g. to obtain copies of it and to object to our processing). These rights are not absolute. Further information is provided below. LiveRamp processes your personal data for the purpose of processing your request to
exercise your rights
.
A. LiveRamp processes personal data as a controller to provide solutions based on recognition, pseudonymisation and synchronisation (our purposes)
What is the context?
Our business is primarily to develop and provide solutions to advertising customers to enable them to improve their marketing activities. To deliver targeted advertising to selected consumers, our customers want to be able to find their own customers and users in different advertising environments.
To enable our customers to find their clients in different advertising environments, LiveRamp’s solutions are based on “
recognition
“, “
pseudonymisation
” and “
synchronisation
” technologies that link various data (collected “online” or “offline”) and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, and use this to enable our customers to analyse, measure and target across different data management and advertising environments.
What processing does LiveRamp perform as controller?
To perform this data link and synchronisation, we have developed data repositories, of which we are the controller. Most of the data contained in our repositories is collected indirectly from our partners via online collection forms or when subscribing to their services. We also use public and free-to-use data registers.
No data from the LiveRamp data repositories is ever shared with our customers. Instead, LiveRamp uses the data repositories to link our customers’ own data about its users so as to enable them to more effectively carry out advertising activities.
More details on the categories of data processed.
We follow a specific process in relation to our data repositories consisting of translating directly identifying information, for example surnames, first names, email and postal addresses, into pseudonymous identifiers. To pseudonymise data, we apply technical and organisational processes aimed at removing any element that directly identifies a person. Pseudonymous data remains personal data protected by personal data protection regulations, but it provides a better level of confidentiality.
When does synchronisation take place?
It is only after this pseudonymisation process that we synchronise the pseudonymous identifiers with those of the various advertising environments that operate the campaigns of our common customers. We then share this single list of pseudonymous and synchronised identifiers, and no other information, with advertising platforms to enable them to carry out online advertising campaigns for selected consumers.
B. LiveRamp, as a processor, processes personal data on behalf of its customers who perform advertising analytics and targeting, monetize their data and manage cookie consents on their websites
What processing does LiveRamp carry out as a processor?
In addition to the data held in our data repositories (for which we are a controller as described above), our customers will also provide us with their own datasets over which we will run linking processes to better enable them to analyse, measure and target
those individuals. We process such customer data as a processor acting on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions.
On receipt of our customers personal data sets we firstly pseudonymise the data by removing directly identifying information and replacing it with alternative identifiers. Once our customers’ personal data is pseudonymised, it is made available in their advertising environments for their own purposes.
What are the purposes pursued by LiveRamp’s customers as data controllers?
Our customers may have a range of purposes for which they use the personal data processed in connection with our services, and you should review our customers’ privacy policies for full information. Generally, the purposes pursued by our customers, for which we act as a processor, may be broadly categorised as follows:
– To customise the online advertising displayed to you by their advertising partners.
For example, if you have visited a clothing website and viewed the “sportswear” pages, you may then see advertisements for sportswear on other websites. This is because a cookie was placed on your device, subject to your consent, and associated you with our customer’s list of consumers interested in sportswear, which is then used by our customer through our services.
– To measure and analyse the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
For example, a sportswear company wants to better understand whether advertisements for a new sportswear line have contributed to increased sales. Our services can be used by this company to measure this impact.
– To optimise their marketing operations by identifying the most relevant channels for sending you advertising (websites, mobile applications, emails or SMS), while limiting the amount of advertising received.
For example, they may send you an email reminding you of the promotions available on the website of the brand of which you are a customer or avoid sending you the same advertisement several times on your various devices (computers, tablets or phones), to limit the amount of advertising you receive.
– To model audience segments to which our customers can promote their products and services.
For example, a brand is launching its new clothing range. It may use our services to analyse and enhance its knowledge of the socio-demographic or behavioural characteristics of its existing customers. It will be able to select other consumers with the same characteristics in order to send them advertisements and find new customers.
–
To monetise their audience segments for ad targeting or for campaign performance measurement purposes.
Some of our customers may make available their audience segments based on demographic and behavioural data for ad targeting purposes. They can thus send us data such as contact data (e.g. an email address) and/or digital identifiers (e.g. a cookie identifier) associated with marketing segments. Our role is to pseudonymise them (i.e. remove all directly identifying information) and make them available within the “LiveRamp Marketplace”, a platform through which the datasets can be accessed and used by our customers’ advertising environments in a selective, secure and pseudonymous manner.
Other customers may market performance analysis of advertising campaigns and appoint us to carry out this analysis. To do this, they send us their transactional data (e.g. purchases made from a brand) or their online or television advertising exposure data, in order to carry out this analysis on behalf of advertisers. Our role is to compare the populations exposed to an advertising campaign with those who bought the product related to this campaign, in order to produce a report presenting the conclusions relating to performance on an aggregate basis.
C. As a data processor, LiveRamp processes your personal data when publishers use LiveRamp’s ATS
We are processor on behalf of our ATS publishers: this means that they determine how and why your data is used. In this case, you are informed by our ATS publishers with whom you are in direct contact when such processing is initiated. Our ATS publishers only share pseudonymous data with us (your e-mail address in hashed form), which does not allow you to be directly identified and which we delete immediately after creating a corresponding technical and pseudonymous identifier. Such processing is carried out to enable our ATS publishers to customise the content and advertisements offered to you according to your interests, throughout your online experience (web, emails, mobile apps, connected objects, etc.).
III. When LiveRamp is the data controller, what personal data are processed, on what legal basis and for how long are the data retained?
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
Category of data
(details)
Legal basis
(details)
Retention period
(details)
Purpose of processing
Personal data
Legitimate interest
2 years from our last interaction with the data concerned
Link various data and different devices relating to the same individual via recognition
Cookie and pixel data
Consent
Cookies: 12 months
Mobile IDs: 240 days
Associated data: 12 months
Data you provide to us in connection with the exercise of your rights
Compliance with a legal obligation
Period needed to manage and comply with your request.
Your data  will be retained for an additional period of time necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations and the exercise of our legal rights
Processing your request to exercise your rights
LiveRamp does not collect any “special categories of personal data” (i.e., information about your race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, sex life, political opinions, health, trade union membership, or genetic/biometric data), or any personal data about children under the age of 13.
A. Categories of personal data processed by LiveRamp
Directly identifying personal data
Directly identifying personal data
: We collect the following directly identifying data: surnames, first names, dates of birth, postal addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers. This data is collected through our trusted partners (“Offline Partners”) who obtain information declared voluntarily by individuals through questionnaires when purchasing goods or subscribing to a service, for example. Furthermore, like many companies, we use information obtained from public sources such as the
Electoral Roll
.
Data that you send us in connection with the exercise of your rights:
In the context of exercising your rights (right to object or access your personal data, for example), we may ask you for certain personal data such as your surname, first name, postal address, email address as well as, for the sole right of access, a proof of your identity. We will only use this proof of identity to process your access request and it will be deleted once we have established your identity. If you choose not to provide us with this data, we may not be able to respond to your request to exercise your rights.
Indirectly identifying personal data
Cookies, pixels and associated data:
when you use certain websites and mobile applications of our Match Partners, or when opening an email sent by a Match Partner you have authorised, we read and store cookies and pixels and collect data such as identifiers linked to your devices (cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, etc.), as well as hashed email addresses and associated data (IP address, user agent, timestamp, URL or app name, etc.). The hashed email address collected is immediately pseudonymised using our technical processes and we do not retain any directly identifying data in the context of our cookies and pixels. This data is used as part of our recognition and synchronisation solutions to link the various data and different devices (e.g. phone, computer and tablet) relating to the same individual, which our customers can target in different advertising environments to send you advertisements tailored to your consumer profile.
These consumer profiles are not defined on the basis of your browsing, which we do not track, but on information that has been collected elsewhere by our customers in compliance with the regulations relating to the protection of personal data and the use of cookies. Those consumer profiles are not used in any automated decision making.
When you log into our Match Partners’ websites or mobile applications, or open an email sent by one of them, information relating to cookies and pixels must appear and must also allow you to consent to them being deposited on your device. A link to more comprehensive information must also be present. This detailed information page must include a specific notice on the storage of cookies by third parties including LiveRamp, as well as a link to this privacy policy.
You can also refuse our cookies by clicking
here
.
Your choice not to subscribe is cookie-based. For it to work on your device, your browser must be configured to accept third-party cookies. If you use a new device or browser, or delete your cookies, you may need to unsubscribe again.
B. Legal basis of processing
The
activities for which we are controller are based on the following:
Legitimate interest
The personal data processing we carry out is based on legitimate interest because it is essential to operate our customer solutions and thus honour
the agreements concluded with our customers and partners and enable our advertising customers to promote their products and services. We only rely on this legal basis in cases where the above mentioned interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms, on the basis of a careful balance of interests test. You may contact our Data Protection Officer to obtain further details in that respect.
This processing also enables consumers to see advertisements and content more suited to their interests when browsing, and to rationalise the amount of advertising received. Finally, this processing contributes to the web ecosystem in general because the additional revenues generated by this customisation make it possible to maintain free access to the content of many websites.
Consent
The processing of personal data associated with cookies and pixels is based on the consent that we collect in accordance with the regulations applicable to “cookies and other trackers”. Regarding the storing of our cookies, we also comply with the industry standards established by
IAB Europe (TCF)
and/or the
EDAA
where applicable and without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing. You can withdraw your consent regarding your data and LiveRamp cookies at any time via our page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal data when we process your request to
exercise your rights
.
C. Retention periods for your personal data
The personal data that we process as a controller are retained for as long as is necessary for the provision of our services. We automatically refresh directly identifiable personal data based on the updated data provided by our Offline Partners. This process involves the removal of unusable data by application of the Offline Partner’s retention period and any opt out or erasure request. At the end of our contract with the related Offline Partner, we permanently delete the data they have provided. In any event, we automatically delete directly identifying personal data that have remained inactive for 2 years.
We store our cookie identifiers in our databases for 12 months but no longer use our cookies that have remained inactive for 90 days. We store mobile identifiers for 240 days after their entry into our databases. We store the data associated with our cookies separately and for a maximum of 12 months.
As part of the exercise of your rights, we retain a strict minimum of data allowing us, where applicable, to establish, exercise and defend our rights in court.
V. With whom may we share your data?
We may share the pseudonymous data or identifiers we use with various advertising environments when you have provided consent for this (Sync Partners, Match Partners), solely for the purpose of enabling us to synchronise with them, each acting as a data controller. We may also share with some of those partners pseudonymous identifiers to give effect to your consent withdrawals or opt-out.
We may also disclose data to a competent authority or court, but only if permitted or if required by law.
LiveRamp is a multinational company, which means that as part of our services we may transfer the data we collect to other entities in our group. We also use the services of certain service providers who help us operate our information systems.
We reserve the right to disclose data to third parties in case we (consider to) sell or transfer all or part of our business activities or assets to a third party, to the extent permitted by law.
Some of these recipients are located in countries outside the UK:
1/ which have been recognised by the UK as offering the same level of data protection as countries in the UK; or
2/ that have not been the subject of an adequacy decision. In this case, we use appropriate safeguards, in particular the International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) that gives personal data processed abroad an essentially equivalent protection as in the UK. To receive any further information on the suitable safeguards, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
VI. What are your rights?
Summary:
In accordance with the UK GDPR, you have the right to request access, rectification, erasure and portability transfer of your data, and the right to limit and request the restriction of and to object to its processing.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where the processing of personal data is based on your consent, it being noted that it does not affect the lawfulness of the processing operations carried out based on your consent prior to its withdrawal.
To exercise these rights, please visit our dedicated page “
Your Personal Data, Your Rights
”.
As a natural person whose personal data is processed, you have certain rights which are summarised below. Not all of these rights are absolute and we may have lawful grounds to refuse your request to exercise your rights, depending on the circumstances as set out in the applicable data protection legislation.
Right of access
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is processed and, if so, you have the right to request access to such personal data, including, but not limited to, information about the categories of personal data concerned, the purposes of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. In any case, we must take into account the rights and freedoms of others, so this right is not absolute. If you request more than one copy of the personal data processed, we may charge a reasonable fee, taking into account the administrative costs.
Right to rectification
You have the right to ask us to rectify incorrect personal data relating to you. Depending on the purpose of processing, you also have the right to request that incomplete personal data be completed, including by means of an additional statement.
Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”)
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the deletion of the personal data relating to you.
Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. In this case, your personal data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of substantial public interest.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances as defined in the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to receive personal data provided by you to us and relating to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you may also have the right to transfer such personal data to another controller or to request us to transfer such data directly to another controller to the extent this is technically possible.
Right to object
In certain circumstances, as defined by the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to object at any time, for reasons relating to your specific situation, to the processing of your personal data by us, and we may be required to stop the processing of your personal data, unless we demonstrate that there are legitimate and compelling reasons for the processing which prevail on your interests and rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This applies in particular when the processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interests.
Right to withdraw consent
In case you have given your consent for the processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Notice, you can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that took place prior to the wit
hdrawal of consent.
LiveRamp has signed the
EDAA charter
and participates in the “
Your Online Choices
” programme which enables consumers to learn how targeted advertising has been offered to them and to choose whether they want to continue receiving such offers.
LiveRamp also participates in the “transparency and consent framework” of
IAB Europe (TCF)
and complies with its specifications and policies, this without prejudice to the further compliance safeguards and measures implemented by LiveRamp for a lawful, fair and transparent processing, as described herein. The identification number of our company within the framework is 97.
VI. Data Security
For maximum clarity, we have chosen to present to you the information concerning the categories of personal data processed, and the legal basis for the processing and the data retention periods in the form of a table, with details provided thereafter.
LiveRamp takes the protection of your data seriously, and we have implemented appropriate technical, organisational, and physical measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, altered, disclosed, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit internal access to your personal data to our employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a legitimate business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
VII. Other information
Click
here
to contact the Data Protection Officer of LiveRamp.
If you wish to complain about how LiveRamp processes your personal data you may do so by contacting the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
Changes to our privacy policy
: LiveRamp reserves the right to update and revise this policy to reflect any regulatory changes or changes to our services. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page, which displays the date of the last update.
Updated: January 2025
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://legal.dailymotion.com/en/privacy-policy/:
Table of content
DEFINITIONS
1. General Information
1.1. Dailymotion’s Role in Processing of Personal Data
1.2. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
1.2.1. Legal Grounds
1.2.2. Transparency & Consent Framework
1.2.3. Refusal or Opposition to Processing
2. Data we collect
2.1. Categories and Sources of Data We Collect
2.1.1. Data You Provide to Us
2.1.2. Usage and Log Data
2.1.3. Data Provided by Third Parties
2.2. How is the Data Collected?
2.2.1. Collection of Data through Use of Technologies
2.2.2. Collection of Data through Other Means
3. PURPOSES FOR DATA PROCESSING
3.1. Purposes for which Data is Processed by Dailymotion
3.1.1. General
3.1.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed
3.1.3. Specific Purposes for which Data is processed when operating the Enterprise Solution Video Player
3.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed by our Commercial Partners
3.2.1. Processing in Direct Relation with Your Use of the Dailymotion Service
3.2.2. Remaining Processing
3.2.3. Parties Roles and Responsibilities
4. DATA RECIPIENTS
4.1. Third Party Login Services
4.2. Commercial Partners
4.3. Service Providers
4.3.1. General
4.3.2. Audience Measurement Providers
4.5. Public Authorities and Legal Counsels
4.6. Third Parties in Connection with certain Corporate Transactions
4.7. When Sharing of Your Data is Consented or Accepted by You or if You instrcut Us to Share it
5. DATA SECURITY AND ACCOUNT ACCESS
5.1. Data Security
5.2. Account Access
6. DATA RETENTION
7. YOUTH RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL CONTROL
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1. General
8.2. Change of Privacy Settings for Promotional Communications
8.3. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-based Ads on Websites (including Mobile Websites)
8.4. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Ads within Mobile Apps
8.5. Additional Information for EEA Residents
8.5.1. Data Subjects Rights
8.5.2. Data Privacy Framework
8.6. Additional Choices for the Residents of the United States of America
8.6.1. Additional Choices for California Residents
8.6.2. Additional Information and Choices for Residents of U.S.A. Privacy Law States, except California
8.7. Specific Information and Rights Applicable to Korean Residents
8.7.1. 일반사항
8.7.2. 데이터 보유
8.7.3. 개인정보 파기
8.7.4. 법적 권리
8.8. Specific Information and Rights applicable to Turkish Residents
8.9. Specific information and Rights applicable to Brazilian Residents
9. SPECIFIC CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO DAILYMOTION SECONDARY SITES
10. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS AND STANDARD CONTRCATUAL CLAUSES
10.1. General Information
10.2. Data Processors/ Service Providers
10.3. Legal Mechanisms Relied Upon
11. MISCELLANEOUS
11.1. Third-Party Access Points, Devices and Links
11.2. Deleting Your Dailymotion Account
11.3. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
11.4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
11.5. Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Simplified Summary of our Privacy Policy:
If you want to access the main points of our Privacy Policy in a simplified way, for instance if you’re a minor, you can
access this Summary
. Please note that it is provided for
informational
purposes only. In case of conflict between the Privacy Policy and the summary, only the Privacy Policy below shall prevail.
Last Update of this Privacy Policy:
February 20th, 2025
Dailymotion respects Your privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect Personal Data from or about You in connection with Your use of the Dailymotion Service.
If You reside in a country that is part of the
European Economic Area
United Kingdom, or Switzerland (collectively referred to as “
EEA
” unless otherwise explicitly stated herein), any reference to “
Dailymotion
“, “
we
“, “
us
“, or “
our
” in this Privacy Policy refers to “Dailymotion SA” whose details are provided
here
.
If You reside in a country outside of the EEA, any reference to “
Dailymotion
“, “
we
“, “
us
“, or “
our
” in this Privacy Policy will always refer to “
Dailymotion Inc.
” whose details are provided
here
.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using the Dailymotion Service or transacting business with us.
DEFINITIONS
Unless otherwise stated in the present Privacy policy any capitalized term shall have the meaning given to it in the Dailymotion
Terms of Use
.
For the purpose of the present Privacy Policy, the terms “
Dailymotion Service
” or “
Service
” shall include the Dailymotion Service as defined in the
Terms of Use
and  websites operated by Dailymotion other than ‘dailymotion.com’(“
Secondary Sites
”).
The term “
Commercial Partner
” refers to entities Dailymotion may cooperate with while carrying out its Service. In particular, Commercial Partners may include
Selected Commercial Partners
,
Data Partners
, content creators, advertisers, media agencies and other actors of the on-line marketing sector and Dailymotion’s affiliates.
The terms “
Personal Data,
”  “
Data Controller,
” “
Joint Controller,
” “
Data Processor
” and “
Processing
” used in the present Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the
General Data Protection Regulation
(“
GDPR
”), or the meaning provided to equivalent terms in the applicable local data protection laws. Personal Data processed by Dailymotion is referred to as “
Data
”.
The term “
Dailymotion Company
” refers to any affiliate of Dailymotion that is a subsidiary of Dailymotion SA.
1.
General Information
1.1. Dailymotion’s Role in Processing of Personal Data
Certain Data from or about You may be collected or otherwise processed when You use the Dailymotion Service, regardless of whether You do so as a Viewer, Visitor, User, or Partner (as defined in the Dailymotion
Terms of Use
).
If You reside in a country that is part of the
European Economic Area
, the GDPR is applicable to the collection of Your Personal Data. If You reside outside of the European Economic Area, local privacy laws are applicable to such collection, generally those of Your country of residence.
Dailymotion is a
Data Controller
when we process Your Data based on purposes that we define and using the means we choose.
We may contract with some service providers to help us implement certain aspects of Your Data Processing. In doing so, these service providers act on our behalf following our instructions and thus are considered our Data Processors.
Dailymotion is a
Joint Data Controller
when Dailymotion and its Commercial Partners process Your Personal Data together for a common purpose and using the means we jointly choose.
Our Commercial Partners are independent Data Controllers when they (or their respective Data Processors) process Your Personal Data for purposes that they define independently and using the means they determine.  Depending on the applicable local laws and existing technical protocols, Dailymotion’s role is limited to the collection of Your consent on behalf of these Commercial Partners, and to the transmission of collected consent to them and providing You with access to their respective privacy policies and consent management mechanisms.
Dailymotion is a
Data Processor
when Dailymotion participates in the implementation of some Personal Data Processing operations carried out by our Commercial Partners, who remain Data Controllers.
In particular,
if Your Content contains Third Party Personal Data (ex. a video You have uploaded on the Dailymotion Service which includes images of a friend of Yours), Dailymotion is Your Data Processor
. Further details relating to these processing operations are available in the Appendix B to the
Terms of Use
.
1.2. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
1.2.1.
Legal Grounds
The GDPR provides several legal basis upon which Dailymotion can rely for Processing of Personal Data, namely consent, contractual necessity, compliance with a legal obligation, vital interests of data subjects, public interest or legitimate interest. Similarly, applicable laws may provide for equivalent or additional legal grounds, as explained further below in the country specific paragraphs under Section 8.
Because our Service is provided to You through different digital properties, namely through Dailymotion website and app and through our Video Player embedded on third-party websites or apps, our Processing of Your Personal Data and applicable legal basis differ depending on the part of our Service You use.
When You access our Service through the
Dailymotion website and app
we rely on the following legal basis when Processing Your Personal Data.
Contract: we rely on contract when processing of Your Personal Data is required to provide You with our Service, including when You choose to use its optional features. In particular, we rely on contract when we process Your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Display of Content and ads: Dailymotion Service offers access to Content in association with ads.
Presence of both,
Content and ads is an essential and non-dissociable part of our Service
. Consequently, when we use Your Personal Data to display Content and ads we rely on contract as legal ground.
Content recommendation: presence of relevant Content is our Service’s major feature.  Consequently, processing of Your Personal Data by our content recommendation tools is based on contract
Use of our Service: we process Your Personal Data to prevent unauthorized access to our Service, including by so-called bots, and enable You to use our Service features.  For example, when you upload videos, we store Your Content and if you are entitled to receive payments from us, Your payment details and information linked the amount to be paid are used by us to process such payment
Account creation and management: Your email address, password, age and username are mandatory elements of each account. Processing of these account credentials and related information for the purpose of managing Your account is based on contract.
Respect of parties’ obligations under the agreements in place between You and Dailymotion. When You access our Service, you accept our Terms of Use, i.e. You enter into an agreement with Dailymotion. In general, we rely on contract when processing of Your Personal Data is necessary for the execution of that agreement.
Legitimate interest: we rely on legitimate interest when processing Your Personal Data is motivated by our or Your interest or that of third parties (ex. other end-users of our Service, advertisers, etc.). For example, we rely on legitimate interest when we process Your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Content measurement: when You access Content belonging to Content creators of on our Service, they wish to know how it is perceived by the viewers. This knowledge is also useful to us as it helps us better understand how our Service is used. When we process Your Personal Data to measure Content performance, we rely on our own and Content creators’ legitimate interest.
Ads measurement:  advertisers pay to have their ads shown on our Service. As a result, they wish to know if their ads are watched and whether they are efficient. This knowledge is also useful to us as it helps us better understand how our Service is used. When we process Your Personal Data to measure ads’ performance, we rely on our own and advertisers’ legitimate interest.
Service and audience analysis, research and development, and Service improvement: The relevance of user experience and a free-of-charge access to content are key features of the Dailymotion Service. Dailymotion, like any other business, wants to continuously provide a high-quality service while remaining profitable. That requires a proper understanding of how the use of our Service evolves, what our end-users expect from it and how to develop and finance the new sought-for features. We analyze the use of our Service to innovate and deliver a service we believe our end-users want while attempting to limit, as much as possible, any associated fees. We design, test and implement new operational and revenue-generating features. When we process Your Personal Data to analyze and improve our Service we rely on Dailymotion’s and our end-users’ legitimate interest.
Fraud detection and Service security: Dailymotion continuously labors to provide a secure environment for all. When the implemented security and anti-fraud measures exceed what represents our legal obligation or contractual commitment and result in processing of Your Personal Data, we rely on legitimate interest of parties involved, be it Visitors, Content creators, advertisers, Dailymotion or third parties.
Legal obligation: we rely on legal obligation when processing Your Personal Data is required by applicable laws. For example, we rely on legal obligation when we process Your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Retention of identifying information of a User: as a content hosting platform we are legally obliged to retain identifying information of anyone having uploaded, changed or deleted Content on our Service. Consequently, when we store Your email address or other identifying information following Your upload, change or Content deletion we rely on a legal obligation.
Age collection: some of the legal obligations imposed on on-line service providers depend on the age of their end-users. Consequently, when we ask for Your birthdate during the account-opening process, we do so to be able to comply with these obligations.
o Mandatory communication: in some cases, we are legally obliged to send you information whether by email or otherwise. For example, if Your Content is moderated, we have to inform You about it. Consequently, when we use Your email to send such notification, we do so to comply with our legal obligation.
o Security: various laws impose security obligations on services like ours. For example, the GDPR imposes on entities processing personal data an obligation to implement adequate security measures that, without warranting absence of breaches, protect processed data. When we use Your Personal Data for the purpose of these security measures, we do so to comply with our legal obligation.
Consent: we rely on consent when processing Your Personal Data to determine what interests You have and show You ads that are adapted to Your interests. When there is no already established legal basis for such disclosure, we also ask for Your consent to share Your Personal Data with third parties.
Note that when our Processing of Your Personal Data is based on consent, we ask You to communicate Your consent via a positive action (e.g. by clicking the “Accept” button on our Site, Secondary Site or Video Player or through another method compliant under the applicable laws). When Processing of Your Personal Data is based on legal grounds other than consent, we provide You with information regarding the applicable legal grounds and, when applicable, provide You with means to oppose to it.
When you access our Service
through our Video Player embedded on third-party websites or apps
, we Process Your Personal Data for purposes and in reliance on the legal basis
declared
with the IAB TCF, as further explained below.
1.2.2.
Transparency & Consent Framework
Dailymotion participates in the
“Transparency & Consent Framework”
(“
TCF
”), developed by the
Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB)
for the purpose of GDPR compliance and applies its Specifications and Policies.
We operate a TCF-compliant Consent Management Platform (IAB / TCF identification number 105) for the consent collection and management of Dailymotion’s and our Commercial Partners’ data processing activities on the Dailymotion website and applications.
Dailymotion is registered with the IAB as a TCF Vendor (IAB / TCF identification number 573) for data processing activities undertaken through our Video Player embedded on third party digital properties. Our Processing purposes and legal basis relied upon are available
here
. Being an IAB Vendor allows us to confine the collection of consent and communication of related information to the editors of websites or apps that integrate the Dailymotion Player and who participate in the TCF. If You visit such websites or aps, their cookie banners serves to record You privacy choices for these publishers, Dailymotion and other entities chosen by their publishers.
1.2.3. Refusal or Opposition to Processing
When Processing is based on consent or legitimate interest, You can always choose not to consent to Processing of some of Your Data, withdraw Your consent, or oppose to such Processing (unless the applicable laws authorize us not to take into account such decision) as further explained herein. However, this may limit Your ability to take full advantage of the many features we offer and, consequently, deteriorate Your user experience. Furthermore, Dailymotion Service offers to Visitors access to a multitude of videos without charging a corresponding fee. This is possible only by associating advertisements with the available videos and funding our Service through means other than access fees.
WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE DAILYMOTION ENTERPRISE SOLUTION VIDEO PLAYER,
CONTENT AND ADS ARE BOTH INTEGRAL PARTS OF OUR SERVICE AND THE DAILYMOTION SERVICE CANNOT EXIST WITHOUT EITHER OF THEM. NOT CONSENTING TO PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA WILL NOT ELIMINATE OR LIMIT THE NUMBER OF ADS YOU ARE SHOWN; IT MAY SIMPLY RESULT IN ADS WHICH ARE MORE REPETITIVE AND LIKELY LESS INTERESTING TO YOU
.
2.
Data we collect
We may collect Personal Data that can identify You directly, such as Your name and email address, and other information that does not identify you directly. This Section explains what Personal Data we collect (2.1) and how we collect such information (2.2).
Please note that we may collect Data concerning Yourself either during Your use of the Dailymotion Site and Dailymotion Applications, or when you use our embedded Video Player on third-party websites or third-party applications.
2.1. Categories and Sources of Data We Collect
2.1.1. Data You Provide to Us
We collect Personal Data You provide to us when You interact with the Dailymotion Service, including when You sign up for an account, upload Content, create a playlist or share a playlist with others. For instance, when You register to use the Dailymotion Service, You may provide Your name, email address, birthdate, gender, and other similar information. If You are a member of the Dailymotion Partner Program, Dailymotion may also collect Your payment information, such as Your address, bank account or online payment system details and authentication information, as well as billing and contact details depending on the payment system You choose. Note that we do not collect Your credit card details. In addition, Dailymotion may collect information You provide to us when You respond to surveys, set Your preferences on the Dailymotion Service, directly contact Dailymotion through the
Dailymotion Help Center
or by other means, or agree to participate in promotions that Dailymotion may offer from time to time. To help you manage Your account access rights, Dailymotion  allows multiple log-in accounts to be set up under one Partner account. Consequently, we may collect information You provide to us if You create such log-in accounts.
2.1.2. Usage and Log Data
We collect information when You use the Dailymotion Service or watch Dailymotion ads outside of the Dailymotion Service. We may also collect information from or about the computers, phones, tablets, or other devices where You install Dailymotion Applications or otherwise access the Dailymotion Service, depending on the permissions You have granted. Such information may include Your IP address, Your device ID, the settings of the browser and operating system You use (such as type and version of an operating system or its language settings), Your activity on the Dailymotion Service including information about the videos You watch on the Service (e.g. video titles and categories), about the ads You are being shown and Your interaction with them, the frequency and duration of Your activities, page views, referral URLs, network state, and carrier information.
2.1.3. Data Provided by Third Parties
Account Data from Third-Party Services
If You choose to log-in, access or otherwise connect to the Dailymotion Service or contact Dailymotion through a third-party service (e.g. Google), such method being completely optional and subject to Your exclusive decision, we may, in order to execute Your choice of a log-in or contact method, collect Your email, gender, birthday as well as any other information you make public using that service. Depending on the third-party log-in service used and its current implementation policies, we may also collect additional information You have authorized the third-party service to share with us (such as, for example, Your user ID, billing information, etc.).
If You are entitled to payment from our Service and You chose to integrate an account You have with one of our payment solution service providers, we will receive the payment account details corresponding to Your account.
Third-Party Data
Subject to Your consent or if otherwise authorized unnder the applicable laws, we may receive information about You from some of our Data Partners. Your Data may be disclosed to us by our Commercial Partners and be shared with us by our
selected Commercial Partners
.
Shared data (whether identified, pseudonymized or anonymous and whether collected online or offline) may include information about Your interests, demographic data, purchasing behavior, and Your online activities (such as websites You have visited and/or advertisements You have viewed).
We may combine the shared information with the information we collect from or about You and use it in the manner described in Section 3 of the Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by law.
2.2. How is the Data Collected?
2.2.1. Collection of Data through Use of Technologies
Like many online services, we use, directly or via our subcontractors, various technologies to collect usage data and store Your user settings. The Data thus collected helps us propose, protect and improve the Dailymotion Service and personalize Your user experience, for example, by enabling You to access videos in a language corresponding to Your browser’s settings or in a format compatible with Your device.
Despite the variety of the actual measures deployed, the various technologies used to collect data are commonly referred to as “
cookies
” or “
trackers
” and their use is regulated by “cookie laws.” Whenever applicable laws subject the use of cookies to user consent, Dailymotion asks for YYour consent prior to their use.
A “cookie” is a small data file that is installed on Your device. A cookie lifespan is limited to its purpose and does not, in general, exceed 13 months. A cookie expires upon the end of its validity period unless it uses so-called “refresh” feature. It may be deleted before the end of its validity period by You or by the technologies You use (e.g. Your browser).
Below You will find a general representation of types of trackers we use. You will find  information about the use of cookies in connection with advertising on the Dailymotion Service in Section 3 while to learn more about our cookie management rules, we invite You to read our
Cookie Policy
.
Depending on the country you reside in, you may, at any time, manage Your cookie settings and choose the purposes for which you consent to or refuse the use of cookies by accessing the “
Manage Cookies
” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app.
Cookies and Local Storage
We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to offer You a high quality Service, better understand how You interact with the Dailymotion Service or with marketing material advertising the Dailymotion Service outside of our Service; to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Dailymotion Service; to use technical and automated means to display Content and advertising  based on Your Data; to respect the rights of the Content rights holders or that of advertisers and to be in conformity with obligations imposed by applicable laws. We may create a unique device or user ID (“
Service ID
”) for You and store it in a cookie so we can customize Your experience based on Your preferences. These uses allow us to create a better experience for  You on the Dailymotion Service.
We may collect information through other kinds of local storage (also referred to as “
Flash cookies
“) and HTML5 local storage, including in connection with features such as volume/mute settings for the Video Player.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. By changing Your browser settings, You can instruct Your browser to stop accepting all or some cookies or to prompt You before accepting a cookie from the websites You visit. For further information on disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies in general, please click
here
. Please note that disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies or Flash cookies may interfere with the performance and features of the Dailymotion Service, including the Video Player. For example, we may not be able to store Your preferences (such as the language to be used by the Service) or login information (such as keeping Your connection session active thus allowing You to be automatically recognized by the Dailymotion Service when You repeatedly access it through the same device) or use technical means to display  Content and advertising based on Your online viewing habits.
Web Beacons, Pixels and other Trackers
Web beacons or pixel tags are similar to cookies and can be embedded within web pages, videos, or emails. These technologies are mainly used to learn whether You have viewed a particular web page, ad, or email message; and determine other usage details including the time and date on which You viewed Content, the IP address of Your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Content was viewed.
Mobile Device Identifiers and Software Development Kits (“SDKs”)
We may use or work with third parties, including our Commercial Partners and service providers, who use mobile SDKs to collect information such as advertising identifiers (e.g., “ad-ID” or “IDFA”) and information related to how mobile devices interact with the Dailymotion Service. An SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected and related services and functionality to be implemented (a mobile SDK is a mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon, described above). For instance, we may use this technology to analyze how You interact with Content and advertisements and to enable analytics or other features through mobile devices.
2.2.2. Collection of Data through Other Means
We may receive Data directly from You (ex. when You open an account, fill-in a questionnaire or contact our Support Team), from some of our Data Partners (ex. general information about your centers of interests deduced by our Data Partners when You use their services or those of third parties) or we may deduce certain information about You based on the information we have.
3.
PURPOSES FOR DATA PROCESSING
3.1. Purposes for which Data is Processed by Dailymotion
3.1.1. General
We process Data, either directly or via our service providers to create an engaging and relevant experience for our users, and to ensure that the rights and interests of Content right holders and advertisers are respected. We may share some of Your data with our Commercial Partners to operate and improve our Service and to better understand what You may be interested in.
We use all of the legitimately collected or received information to help us provide and support the Dailymotion Service with a first-class user experience that is adapted to each user’s tastes, as varied as they may be. The way we use the Data about You depends on how You use the Dailymotion Service.
Note that videos accessible on our Service, be it Content or video ads, do not belong to Dailymotion. They are provided by various right holders who, by sharing their videos on Dailymotion Service, decide which of their videos they make available to You.  They relate to a variety of topics, are in in multiple languages, they can be accessed from a number of electronic devices and through different browsers. As a content hosting platform Dailymotion does not curate the videos that are accessible to You. It means that we do not have a team of content editors offering You a selection  of Content believed to correspond to Your tastes. Instead, we use automated technologies to adapt Content and ads to technical characteristics of Your device (ex. to show You videos in a format compatible with Your device and in a language of Your browser) and to Your interests.
You will find in the present Section detailed information about the different purposes Your Data is processed for.
3.1.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed
Dailymotion may process the Data for the following purposes:
Provide the Dailymotion Service.
We use Your Data to deliver the Service, i.e.  to display Content and advertisements and to enable You to use each feature of our Service. For example, to allow You to connect to Your account we collect Your authentication data. To deliver a video in a format that works on a device You use, we collect its technical characteristics. If You have uploaded Content on our Service, we will use Your Data to provide You with statistics on how Your Content performs. If You use our monetization feature, Your Data will be used to track Your revenues. Our algorithms use, together with other data, information on Content You access and on how You interact with our Service to recommend Content that might be of interest to You.
Improve, Develop and Understand the Dailymotion Service and our Audience
. We process Your Data to understand how our Service is used and interacted with and ultimately provide our end-users with the best user experience we can offer. We may conduct surveys and research to learn what is expected from our Service. We analyze the information that we have, evaluate and improve our existing products and services, develop and test new offerings or features in order to follow technological evolution and maintain the quality our end-users expect from our Service. We diversify our revenue sources and implement cost-reducing measures to keep at the minimum eventual service fees, and, in particular, to maintain a free-of-charge access to Content hosted on our Service..
Communicate with You.
We may use Your Data to send You newsletters and marketing communications, communicate with You about the Dailymotion Service and inform You about changes of our Service legal terms and policies.. We also record the privacy preferences You communicate to us. We may use Your information to respond to You when You contact us, or for any other purpose that is disclosed to You at the time we collect the Data or that is related to a request made by You or related to You. To learn about opting out of promotional communications, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 below (“Your Privacy Rights”).
Show and Adapt Ads.
Dailymotion offers its users the opportunity to watch numerous videos without charging any fee in return. Such  free of charge service can only be possible thanks to the presence of advertisements and other alternative revenues. We may use Data we have, including information received from our Commercial Partners, to evaluate and improve our advertising and analytics systems so that the ads shown to You on and off our Services are customized and of real interest to You.  We also use Data to limit the quantity of advertisements You are shown on our Service to allow You to fully enjoy the Content. By processing some of Your Data we also measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services. Your Data may be shared with our Commercial Partners or some of our Data Partners to inform them about Your decision whether or not to allow processing of Your Personal Data and, subject to existence of applicable legal basis, to allow them to estimate whether the products or service for which they run advertising campaigns may be of interest to You. To learn about interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 below (“Your Privacy Rights”) or exercise Your choices via Dailymotion’s “
Manage Cookies
” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app.
Pay You.
If You are a member of the Dailymotion Partner Program, we use Your billing information, such as Your billing address or payment methods details, to proceed with payment of sums generated under our Partner Program monetization features. If You choose a third-party payment method, we will communicate to the payment service provider of Your choice all information necessary to process due payments and may receive from such payment service provider the receiving account details and related payment confirmations. The exact information communicated or received depend on the payment service provider chosen, the payable amounts and then-current requirements of laws and regulations applicable to financial transactions. Note that we do not use or otherwise access Your credit card information.
Identify Your Geographic Location.
We may collect Your device’s location data (limited to the city level only). This information not only allows us to serve You Content related to Your local area, such as local news and sports videos, but enables us to ensure the respect of Content geo-restrictions imposed by the Content right holders. This Data may also be used to tailor advertising to You based on Your location by, for example, not showing You ads for services unavailable at Your location.
Elaborate Aggregated or Anonymized Statistics.
We may “de-identify” information about You and/or other users, which means that the Data is modified (anonymized or aggregated with other information) so it no longer personally identifies You. We may then use this “de-identified” information for any legitimate internal and external business purpose, including for research and analysis of the Dailymotion Service, improving our capacity to deliver customized advertisements, and for promoting our Service to future users, Commercial Partners and other business partners. In particular, we may also share Your aggregated Data (i.e. information in a form that does not allow its recipients to identify You) with advertisers and Content owners to provide them with meaningful insight about the audience of their ads or Content on our Service.
Ensure Safety and Security of Dailymotion Service and its Conformity with Applicable Laws.
We may use the Data to ensure the security of our Service and anti-fraud protection. Our dedicated engineering teams do so by using automated procedures and advanced technologies such as data encryption and machine learning. Consequently, Your Data may be processed as part of investigation of suspicious account activities or violations of our legal terms and policies. In conformity with our legal obligations, Dailymotion maintains connections logs linked to each User’s account activities and communicates them, if requested to do so pursuant to applicable legal procedures, to duly authorized public authorities.
Share Your Data.
Operation of our Service may require share of Your Data. Share of Data is not a purpose in itself but serves distinct purposes underlying our relationship with the entities we disclose Your Data to. For example, in general, the delivery of digital ads requires disclosure of some of Your Personal Data to companies participating in the ad-delivery process (ex. to advertisers, agencies, technical facilitators, etc.). The quantity and type of Data disclosed depends on whether or not Your consent to being shown targeted ads. Additionally, we may share Your Data with
Selected Commercial Partners
we closely cooperate with (some of which are our Affiliates). We do so to better understand what interests You and  offer You better services, Content and ads that are of interest to You. Some of Your Data may be disclosed to some of our Data Partners for further use of fostering AI development.
3.1.3. Specific Purposes for which Data is processed when operating the Enterprise Solution Video Player
We continuously work on improving the Dailymotion Service, including by developing different versions of our Video Player. As part of this effort, Dailymotion may offer to content partners, subject to specific financial conditions, the possibility to use our Video Player for distributing Content without any advertising being associated to it (the “
Enterprise Solution Video Player
”).
Content Partners having chosen this new solution (“
Clients
”) integrate this Enterprise Solution Video Player on their websites or their other digital properties (ex: mobile applications) and select Content they wish to make available to You.
When Clients use the Enterprise Solution Video Player, Dailymotion remains Data Controller for the cookies deployed by that player and related processing of Your Personal Data. As the Enterprise Solution Video Player is not designed to show advertisements, Dailymotion does not use advertising cookies nor process Your Personal Data for ad-related purposes. For further details on the cookies used by the Enterprise Solution Video Player, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
When You watch Content made available by Clients through the Enterprise Solution Video Player, You are visiting such Clients’ digital properties (ex: their websites or mobile applications). Consequently, other cookies than those used by our Enterprise Solution Video Player may be deployed by these Clients or third parties they work with. Dailymotion exercises no control over these cookies and the use of data they collect. For further information about cookies used by Clients and third parties they work with and corresponding processing of Your Personal Data, please refer to the privacy and cookie policies of the Clients’ digital properties that You visit.
3.2. Purposes for which Data is Processed by our Commercial Partners
3.2.1. Processing in Direct Relation with Your Use of the Dailymotion Service
When You watch Content or ads on the Dailymotion Service, our Commercial Partners may collect and further process, either directly or via their respective subcontractors, information about You and Your use of our Service. They may use this information, including in combination with other data they have access to, in order to adapt content and ads that may be shown to You on our and on third parties’ services. While doing so, our Commercial Partners process Your Personal Data in their capacity of Data Controllers and pursuant to their own privacy policies.
When advertisements are shown to You on our Service, some Data, in accordance with industry-wide standard technical protocols, is disclosed to or collected by our Commercial Partners to allow delivery of an ad on the device You use or for other ad-related purposes (ex. security, ad measurement, service improvement etc.). Such Data may include Your digital identifiers, information about Your device and its settings, the url of a website, the content and the associated ad You are watching, Your approximate location, the socio-demographic or interest-based category we think You belong to (based on the information we have collected from or about You and/or obtained from third parties), as well as Your privacy choices. We may share  additional data with advertisers. For example, data related to ad performance (e.g. how many times it was viewed, clicked on or otherwise interacted with) or general demographic information on ad audience (ex.  age range, gender and location of most frequent viewers of their ads (ex. female between 25 and 30 years of age, living in New York)). The actual categories of disclosed or collected Data and the purposes it is used for depend on Your use of our Service, the terms of our cooperation with Commercial Partners, the technical protocol used and, when applicable, on Your actual privacy preferences.
Dailymotion works with a large number of ad-related Commercial Partners. Their list is published on our Service and may be consulted at all times from within the “Manage Cookies” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app. Note that it does not mean that when You visit our Service all of these Commercial Partners process Your Personal Data. Only the Commercial Partners (or their technical service providers) involved in posting the ads shown to You or publishing Content that You watch on Dailymotion Service process Your data. The identity of our Commercial Partners who process Your data depends on the Content and ads You watch on our Service.
3.2.2. Remaining Processing
When operating the Dailymotion Service, we may disclose to or share Your Data with our Commercial Partners. In particular, we and our
Selected Commercial Partners
may share the information we have about You in order to learn more about Your tastes and let each of us offer You more personalized services, products and ads.
In addition, we may, from time to time, disclose some of Your Data to selected Data Partners for their use to train general purpose Artificial Intelligence. If we do so, and when required by the applicable laws, we will provide You with a possibility to oppose to such disclosure of Your Personal Data.
3.2.3. Parties Roles and Responsibilities
When disclosed Data is used by a Commercial Partner for its own purposes, it is that Commercial Partner who is the Data Controller for the Processing it undertakes
.
As a Data Controller, each Commercial Partner determines the purposes for which it wishes to process Your Personal Data. These purposes may include the development, improvement and delivery of their services, audience and service analytics, personalization and adaptation to Your centers of interest of their content, commercial offerings and ads, whether on or outside of the Dailymotion Service,  conformity with their respective contractual and legal obligations, such as, e.g., geographic restrictions of their content exploitation rights, calculation of applicable fees or anti-fraud measures. You may learn more about ad-related Commercial Partners’ Processing purposes and legal ground(s) by accessing their IAB Vendor registrations or privacy policies through links available within the “Manage Cookies” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app.
When our Commercial Partners’ collection or processing of Your Personal Data depends on Your consent, Dailymotion asks You for such consent on behalf of our Commercial Partners. Consequently, You may, at all times, manage Your privacy preferences with regards to the collection or processing of Your Personal Data by our Commercial Partners Your within the “Manage Cookies” section accessible within the EEA from the footer of our website and settings of our app. You may also exercise Your rights by accessing the Commercial Partners’ respective privacy policies accessible from within this section.
For reasons inherent to the dynamic character of online activities, the list of Dailymotion Commercial Partners may evolve, and we invite You to consult it regularly for the most up-to-date information.
Note that refusing the use of Your Personal Data for ad-targeting purposes will not block advertisements. You will still see ads, but they will be less relevant to Your
interests.
4.
DATA RECIPIENTS
We may share personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information collected from or about You with third parties, or allow You to share Your personal information with third parties, such as social networks, as explained further below (“
Data Recipients
”).
We require such Data Recipients to adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements that we may enter into with them.
4.1. Third Party Login Services
If You connect to the Dailymotion Service through a third-party log-in system (ex. Your Google or Apple account), You may be choosing to share information about Your activities on the Dailymotion Service with that third-party. Furthermore, if You visit Dailymotion while logged-in to their accounts, then those entities may record Your browser details and combine technical information from Your web browser with other information that each of them already knows about You. Your decision to share information about Your activities on the Dailymotion Service with Your these third-parties may result in Dailymotion sending relevant information about You to these third parties which may then use that information or render it visible to their own users in accordance with applicable law, their own data and privacy policies, and Your privacy settings. We recommend You familiarize Yourself with these third parties’ respective data and privacy policies and available account privacy controls. We remind You that Dailymotion is independent from these third-party companies and that any privacy settings You might have chosen on the Dailymotion Service are not applicable on such third-party sites.
4.2. Commercial Partners
We work with a number of Commercial Partners who help us offer and improve the Dailymotion Service. Commercial Partners include
Selected Commercial Partners
,
Data Partners
, Content uploaders, as well as advertisers and other actors of the digital industry. We may disclose information collected from or about You to such Commercial Partners (or their authorized service providers) when we are legally authorized to do so, but such disclosure is always accompanied by appropriate technical, organizational or contractual measures aimed at ensuring the integrity and security of Your information (e.g., aggregation, anonymization, etc.).
In particular, we may share information, generally in the aggregated, encrypted or anonymized form, about You with advertisers and advertising-related service providers, for the purposes described above under Section 3.2, (e.g., to deliver advertising videos), to make ads relevant and interesting to You or to measure and improve the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or with our Data Partners to foster their development of new technologies, including artificial intelligence. Note that we do not share directly identifiable information about You (such as Your email address) with advertisers and advertising-related service providers.
4.3. Service Providers
4.3.1. General
Like most companies, we contract with third parties to provide us with specialized services in connection with our business activities. The services we contract vary and evolve in time and include:  payment solutions, analyzing and processing data (e.g. provision of analytics software that helps us  improve ads relevancy), hosting our websites and Content, providing customer support, communicating with You (e.g. email or push notification systems) or otherwise help us provide the Dailymotion Service.
When the delivery of these services requires so (and if You consented so or if we are otherwise authorized to do so), we share some of Your Data with our Service Providers. Our Service Providers commit to confidentiality obligations in conformity with the present Privacy Policy and with the contracts we sign with them.
4.3.2. Audience Measurement Providers
Our Commercial Partners, such as content providers and advertisers, seek to measure the performance of their videos across many platforms, including the Dailymotion Service. Accordingly, Dailymotion may use and permit the use on its Service of independent, industry-standard, third-party measurement solutions (e.g. Nielsen or comScore) that enables us or our Commercial Partners to include Your video views in our or their measurement statistics. We may also share our own usage statistics, in anonymized or aggregated form, with these Commercial Partners.
To learn more about Your choices with respect to audience measurement software, please see the information we have provided in Section 8 (“Your Privacy Rights”).
4.5. Public Authorities and Legal Counsels
In some instances, we may be required to disclose information from or about You to public authorities or to legal counsels without notifying You or giving You the opportunity to object. We may disclose Your information in good-faith to protect the legal rights of Dailymotion, of our affiliates or Commercial Partners, and of each of our respective equity holders, directors, officers, employees, or agents, and technical service providers acting as our processors or sub-processors; to protect the safety and security of our users   or of third parties; to enforce our
Terms of Use
; to prevent fraud; for risk management purposes; and to comply with or respond to the law, a legal process, or a request for cooperation by a government entity. However, it is Dailymotion’s policy, whenever reasonably possible and legally permissible, to promptly notify You upon receipt of a subpoena, court order or other document requesting Your Data , so that You will have adequate opportunity to initiate appropriate legal proceedings.
Furthermore, if You notify us that You believe Your legal rights have been violated by Dailymotion or by another user of the Dailymotion Service, we may provide the Data that You provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to Your complaint.
4.6. Third Parties in Connection with certain Corporate Transactions
If we sell all or part of our business, make a transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a change-of-control transaction, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer or share information from or about You to one or more third parties as part of the transaction, including as part of the due diligence process. In such case, Your Data would be transferred or shared only as an integral part of the underlying transfer of the Dailymotion Service (or part thereof) and not sold separately to third parties.
4.7. When Sharing of Your Data is Consented or Accepted by You or if You instrcut Us to Share it
When You use Dailymotion Service’s features: Some features of the Dailymotion Service may enable You to share videos through our Video Player, along with any information You choose to share. Ex: You may choose to to share videos through Your own websites, applications or social network channels, such as Meta or X. If You hold an account with Meta or X, You may choose to share information about a video on the Dailymotion Service with Meta or X users through a dedicated sharing feature on our Service. Such sharing is only possible while You are logged-in to Your Meta or X accounts. Your decision to share information about a video on the Dailymotion Service may result in Dailymotion sending relevant information about You to Meta or X. Meta and X, pursuant to their respective data and privacy policies and to Your Meta and X privacy settings, may process Your Personal Data relevant to the sharing of such video.
When You contact our Support service: in order to provide You with requested assistance, we may have to share Your information with third parties. Ex. if You claim that a video available of the Dailymotion Service infringes upon Your rights, we may communicate Your contact details to a User who uploaded that video.
When you agree so: ex. if You agree to participate in a market study, answer a questionnaire, participate in a sweepstake or similar event, we may share Your information with third parties as described in the applicable notice.
When we receive a request from a third party to exercise their statutory rights: Ex., if Your Content contains Personal Data of third parties, we may, in conformity with our Terms of Use, communicate Your contact details to enable them to exercise their statutory rights. We remind You that You are a Data Controller of Third-Party Personal Data contained in Your Content. For example, when Your video shows Your friends their images are their personal data and You are a Data Controller of Your friends’ personal data. As a Data Controller You have a legal obligation to reply to their requests to exercise their privacy rights. For that reason, if we receive a request to delete Your video because it contains Third-Party Personal Data (or any other similar request) we will forward it to You, inform the requestor that You are the Data Controller of their Personal Data, and communicate Your contact details.
5.
DATA SECURITY AND ACCOUNT ACCESS
5.1. Data Security
The security of Your Data is important to us. Our goal is to make You feel confident and safe when using the Dailymotion Service.
We use a variety of physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, and modification. For example, we take steps to limit access to sensitive information from or about You to only those Dailymotion employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to access such information. We also use measures like encryption and hashing to help protect sensitive information when in transmission, and firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to Your Personal Data. We also use techniques such as data aggregation to render it more difficult to link and trace information to You.
Despite these efforts, there is always a possibility that a breach in data transmission or storage may occur. We want You to feel confident in our security when using the Dailymotion Service, but
we cannot guarantee the absolute security of Data at all times
. We advise You to exercise caution and, in particular, to use a unique and complex password for Your Dailymotion account, i.e. a password that You do not use for any other service You have an account with (which could prevent, in the event Your Dailymotion password confidentiality is breached, unauthorized access to these other accounts), to change Your password if You suspect its fraudulent use and contact us if You notice any suspicious activities on the Dailymotion Service. As a good practice, we also encourage using a dedicated email address as Dailymotion Service credential thus limiting potential impacts of its exposure in case of a data leak.
We remind You that Dailymotion is a content hosting platform and not a content storage service and that You are responsible for keeping copies of any Content You upload on our Service.
5.2. Account Access
If You have an account with us, Your Personal Data can be reviewed online from within Your account settings. You can also update Your information either via the account settings or by contacting us (see
Section 11.5 “Contact Us
” for more details).
Your account is unique to You and protected by a user-generated password.  We advise You to choose a unique and complex password, not to disclose it to third parties, and to change it if You have any doubts as to its confidentiality. Do not hesitate to contact us if You observe any suspicious activity on Your account. Note that if You use third party log-in solution (e.g. Google), Dailymotion does not store or manage Your password. Instead, it is that the policies of the third-party log-in solution that apply to the management of Your password.
If You allow others to use Your account (including by authorizing others to set up specific accesses within Your account), they may be able to view information about Your account (e.g. Your email address) or any of the playlists created within Your library (e.g. videos You have viewed). You should exercise caution while handling and disclosing Your Personal Data on our Service and avoid sending it through insecure email. Please refer to the
Federal Trade Commission’s website
at for further information on how to protect Yourself from identity theft.
6.
DATA RETENTION
Data is stored electronically on Dailymotion’s servers or with our cloud service providers and is kept only as long as necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required by applicable laws.
In particular, You may close Your Dailymotion account and delete any of Your Content at any time.  Pursuant to our inactive account and inactive content policies, we may as well proceed with their deletion.
We have a legal obligation to retain some Data, such as, ex. information associated with the identity of anyone having uploaded Content or invoicing details. If You ask us to delete Your Data, provided that its retention is not required or authorized by the applicable laws, the Data is deleted or anonymized and used for statistical purposes only. Please refer to
Section 8
below for further details on Your rights in relation to Your Personal Data.
7.
YOUTH RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL CONTROL
Children who are under the legal age in their country of residence to enter into an agreement with a digital service provider are defined in this Privacy Policy as “
Juniors
” and are not permitted to register with Dailymotion, i.e. are not allowed to open an account with our Service.
The age limit that determines whether a person is a Junior is defined by the laws applicable in Your country of residence and generally varies from 13 to 16 years of age.
In addition, Juniors should not use or access our Service without the involvement and consent of a parent or guardian.
Dailymotion Service is intended for the general public. It does not specifically cater to any particular age or interest group. When You visit our Service without being logged-in, we do not know Your age. Despite lacking that knowledge, we have designed some Service features protecting Young audiences. In particular, a parental control is activated by default when using our Service.
If You are the parent or legal guardian of a Junior, and that child has somehow registered with Dailymotion without Your approval and contrary to our Terms and Conditions, please contact Dailymotion’s support team, available 24/7 through the
Dailymotion Help Center
to initiate an account deletion procedure. When submitting Your request, please provide us with a sworn statement confirming that You are either a parent exercising full parental rights or a legal guardian of the child and indicate Your full name and address, the child’s full name and address, Your relationship to the child and Your email address. Dailymotion will use this information only to process Your request and verify that You are the child’s parent or legal guardian, and for no other purposes.
8.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1. General
Depending on Your country of residence, You may be entitled to access, correct and/or delete the Data You have provided to us, by requesting to do so through the setting of Your account, or by reaching out to the
Dailymotion Help Center
via the dedicated section. When justified by the circumstances of Your request, we may ask You for a copy of Your ID or any other relevant documents, in order to confirm that You are indeed the data subject or a person authorized to exercise these rights on behalf of a data subject, and to determine the laws and procedures applicable to Your request.
If You are a resident of European Economic Area, UK, Switzerland, California, Brazil, Korea or Turkey, You may find in this Section (Sections 8.5 through 8.9) specific information and procedures applicable under the laws of Your country of residence.
8.2. Change of Privacy Settings for Promotional Communications
You may decide not to receive promotional communications from Dailymotion by accessing Your account settings. You may also communicate to us Your decision not to receive promotional communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in a particular promotional message.
Note that You cannot opt out from receiving administrative messages, service announcements, and messages regarding the terms and conditions of Your account because those may contain important information necessary to use the Dailymotion Service.
You can choose to receive push notifications from Dailymotion on Your device. If You do not wish to receive push notifications, You can use Your device’s settings to turn them off.
8.3. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-based Ads on Websites (including Mobile Websites)
Dailymotion offers its users the ability to make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting. To learn more about how to exercise Your ad preferences, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Some of the third parties that collect or participate in the collection of information from or about You on the Dailymotion participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a centralized forum where individuals can declare their choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising. To learn more and to make choices about the use of Your information for online behavioral advertising on websites, please click
here
. Please note that if You exclude online behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the specific browser or device from which You opt out and only to companies participating in the “YourAdChoices” initiative.
In addition, some of these third parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of interest-based advertising delivered by each of its member companies. If You would like to obtain more information about interest-based advertising and the NAI and make choices about their members’ use of information from or about You on websites, please click
here
. Please note that if You exclude interest-based advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the specific browser or device from which You opt out and only to companies participating in the NAI initiative.
8.4. Options for Third-Party Online Behavioral or Interest-Based Ads within Mobile Apps
You can define Your preferences regarding the use of Your information or ad targeting within mobile apps by accessing a cookie preference module available directly within the settings of Dailymotion’s mobile applications.
Some of the third parties that collect or participate in the collection of information from or about You on the Dailymotion Service participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a mobile application called the “AppChoices,” which provides a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising within the mobile application environment. The AppChoices application can be downloaded from Your mobile device at
https://Youradchoices.com/appchoices
or from Your device’s app store. Please note that if You exclude online behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the mobile device You used to do so and only to companies participating in the AppChoices initiative.
You may also exercise Your choices by accessing Your device settings and selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices), which will allow You to limit our use of information collected from or about Your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to You.
8.5. Additional Information for EEA Residents
8.5.1. Data Subjects Rights
Individuals located in the EEA (i.e. European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland) have certain statutory rights in relation to their Data that they can exercise with
Data Controllers
, i.e. with entities in charge of processing of their Data.
Data Subjects Rights when Dailymotion Acts as a Data Controller: Subject to statutory exemptions, if You reside in the EEA, You have the right to request f
rom Dailymotion SA
the access, update, deletion, correction or transfer of Your Personal Data that Dailymotion SA processes in its capacity of a
Data Controller
. You can do so by using the settings and tools provided in Your Dailymotion account or by contacting Dailymotion SA. If You encounter troubles using the settings and tools, or if You do not have a Dailymotion account, reach out to the
Dailymotion Help Center
via the dedicated  section or send a letter to the attention of our Data Protection Officer at the following address: Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France. Please include within Your request a clear description of Your request and information about Your country of residence, along with any information allowing us to identify Your Dailymotion account (such as the email address used to log into such account) or Data and to confirm Your identity.
Depending on the nature of Your request, You may be asked to provide further documents as needed to verify Your identity and the conformity of Your request with legal requirements and to identify the Personal Data that Your request pertains to.
Furthermore, You are entitled to define and communicate to us the rules applicable to Your Data upon Your death.
Note that, in compliance with applicable laws, some of Your Data may not be communicated, rectified or deleted despite Your request to do so. In such case, we will inform You about our incapacity to fully comply with Your request and the reasons behind that decision.
Data Subjects Rights when Dailymotion Does Not Acts as a Data Controller: We remind You that when using the Dailymotion Service, Your Data may be Processed by different entities acting in their capacity of a Data Controller. If we receive from You a legally compliant request (i.e. allowing us to identify the Data Controller and to reasonably establish that it is filed by a person whose Personal Data is processed) that pertains to Data processed by another Data Controller, we will, if reasonably possible, transmit the request and Your contact details to such Data Controller and inform You about it.
In particular,
if Your Personal Data is present in Content available on the Dailymotion Service, it is the User who uploaded that Content who is a Data Controller of Your Personal Data, Dailymotion’s role being that of a Data Processor
. In conformity with the GDPR, data subjects need to address their request to a Data Controller, i.e. to the User who uploaded that Content. Your For that reason, if we receive a request to delete a video showing Your Personal Data (ex. a recording of You) we will forward it to the User who has uploaded that video, i.e. to the Data Controller. That User will have a month to reply (with a possibility of prolonging that delay by one additional month). Only in the absence of such reply, i.e. when a Data Controller does not respect
its legal obligation
to reply to a data subject request
, Dailymotion may disable access to such video.  As a content hosting platform, we have an obligation to disable access to content that is manifestly illicit. The presence of Personal Data in Content is not in itself illegal. However, the absence of an answer from a Data Controller constitutes a non-respect of a legal obligation. It is that non-respect that renders Content illicit and triggers Dailymotion’s blocking access to it on our Service.
During the review of Your request by the Data Controller (i.e. by the Uploader), Content remains accessible on our Service unless Your Personal Data that it contains belongs to a category of sensitive Personal Data (ex. health data) or is that of a minor. In such case, because that type of Personal Data requires a higher level of protection, we will temporarily block access to the Content while awaiting Data Controller’s decision.
For further details regarding Dailymotion role in the processing of Your Data, please refer to Section 1.1.
8.5.2. Data Privacy Framework
Your Personal Data may be processed by Dailymotion Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of Dailymotion SA. At the date of publication of this latest version of our Privacy Policy, Dailymotion Inc. is registered with the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) and committed itself to respecting set standards in processing Personal Data of European Economic Area, Swiss and UK data subjects. With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to Data Privacy Framework, Dailymotion Inc. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Dailymotion Inc. acknowledges its potential liability in cases of onward transfers to Third Parties of Personal Data.  You may regularly verify Dailymotion Inc.’s self-certification with the DPF by consulting the list of  its participants available
here
. If You have a question or wish to file a complaint regarding the covered data, please reach out to Dailymotion Inc whose contact information can be found in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. Please include within Your request a copy of Your ID, information about Your country of residence, and any information allowing us to identify Your account on the Dailymotion Service. Dailymotion Inc. will reply to You within 30 days.
If You are not satisfied with the final Dailymotion Inc. decision regarding Your complaint, You may use the other appeal venues defined in the DPF. In particular, upon exhaustion of the appeal rights with Dailymotion Inc. You may file Your complaint with the entity declared by Dailymotion Inc. with the DPF as competent for dispute resolution purposes, namely EU Data Protection Authorities, the Swiss FDPIC or the
UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
, and if not satisfied with that entity’s decision, use the arbitration procedure provided under the DPF. For further information on applicable procedures please visit the
DPF website
.
8.6. Additional Choices for the Residents of the United States of America
8.6.1. Additional Choices for California Residents
8.6.1.a.
Personal Data Processing Information under the California Privacy Laws
8.6.1.a.i. General
If You are a California resident, in addition to any other information You may find in this Privacy Policy, this section is intended to provide You with specific information required under the California Consumer Protection Act (“
CCPA
”) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), collectively referred to as “
CCPA
”. In particular, in this section we explain Your rights, list the categories of Personal Information (“
PI
”) that we collect or use and explain whether and how, in the preceding 12 months, we have collected, disclosed, Sold or Shared Your PI.
The terms “
Personal Information,
” “
Business,
” “
Third Party
”, “
Service Provider
”, “
Contractor
”, “
Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
“, “
Sale
”, “
Share
” and “
Sensitive Personal Information
”  used in this section have the same meanings as defined in the CCPA.
If You have an account with Dailymotion, we identify You by the email address You use to log-in or any other credentials available for use as log-in from time to time. However, if You do not have an account, in most cases, we rely on a unique online identifier to identify and recognize You.
When You access our Service, a Dailymotion cookie (i.e. a small text file) is dropped on Your device’s browser. If You use different devices or different Internet browsers to access our Service (and unless You do so as a logged-in user, in which case we might be able to recognize You regardless of the device or browser used), You are assigned a different Service ID for each of Your device/ browser combinations. In other words, if You first accessed the Dailymotion Service using Firefox on Your laptop, but then visited it on Your phone using Chrome You will appear to us as two distinct users. Unless You access the Dailymotion Service as a logged-in user, any information that we might have about You is attached to that Service ID.
Due to legal rules applicable to our activities, the lifespan of our cookies is limited to 13 months. Once the 13-month period comes to an end, the Dailymotion cookie storing Your Service ID expires. The cookie may also be deleted before the end of that 13-month lifespan; for example, it may be deleted intentionally by You or through Your browsing settings.  If You continue to use our Service, a new Dailymotion cookie will be dropped on Your browser and a new Service ID will be assigned to You.
As already mentioned in this Privacy Policy, we do not cross-reference Service IDs that are assigned to You on our Service. Unless You are a logged-in user (in which case we recognize You through Your account credentials regardless of the number of Service IDs created for You), each new Service ID represents to us a new user. For that reason, and unless You are a logged-in user, if You decide to exercise any of Your CCPA rights, Your decision will only be applied to the Service ID under which we recognize You. In particular
, if You use the Dailymotion Service on several devices or Internet browsers, Your decision to Opt-Out of the Sale and Share of Your PI needs to be expressed on each such device or browser
.
8.6.1.a.ii. Collected PI:
Collection, Disclosure, Sale and Share.
We may obtain Your PI either from You (directly or indirectly), from Dailymotion Companies or companies we have business relationships with. We receive Your PI directly from You when You create an account or otherwise communicate with us or interact with our Service. We collect or generate information about You when You use our Service. Some of the PI that we collect might belong to the category of Sensitive Personal Information (“
SPI
”). We receive Your PI from companies with whom we have business relationships when, for example, we engage them to help us operate our Service. Your PI may be shared with and by Dailymotion Companies if they participate in operating our Service or if You use their services.
Additionally, in order to enable the delivery of ads, certain PI may be disclosed to us by advertising partners wishing to advertise on our Service.
We disclose Your PI to our Service Providers, Contractors and Third Parties. When such disclosure is done for monetary or other valuable consideration, it is referred to under the CCPA as a Sale. When it is done for the purpose of targeting of ads to a consumer based on PI obtained from such consumer’s activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications or services other than the Dailymotion Service, it is referred to under the CCPA as a Share.
Note that the Dailymotion Service is an advertising-based content hosting platform, meaning that presence of both Content and ads is its essential feature. Our business purposes include: enabling You to use Your Dailymotion account and any of the available Service features, using technical means to display  Content and ads to You on the Dailymotion Service including to tailor the content and ads to Your needs and interests; delivering and monitoring of our technical platform; processing payments that may be due to Content uploaders; using data analytics services aimed at improving our Service and providing required reporting to content uploaders and advertisers; ensuring security and preventing fraud, abuse or illegal activity; engaging service providers; providing customer support and ensuring our compliance with legal or industry standard rules; and establishing, exercising or defending legal claims.
The PI that we collect may be disclosed to (i) Dailymotion Companies, (ii) our advertising partners participating in the delivery of ads on the Dailymotion Service (e.g. advertisers, media agencies), (iii) our service providers (data analytics services, technical service providers, payment facilitators), and, (iv) if required so by applicable laws, public authorities. When we disclose Your PI, we only do so to the extent needed to achieve our business purposes or those of Dailymotion Companies and to comply with the applicable laws or regulations.
In the tables below You will find detailed information regarding the PI we collect, disclose, Sell and Share and the purposes we do so.
8.6.1.a.ii.1.
Collected PI: Categories, Sources and the Purposes It is Used for and the Categories of Third Parties to Whom Your PI is Disclosed
The following categories of PI may be collected by us from or about You and disclosed in the preceding 12 months for the below-listed purposes:
CATEGORY OF PI
EXAMPLES OF PI  (Depending on the PI You provide to us and Your use of our Service)
BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES THE PI IS COLLECTED, SHARED, SOLD OR DISCLOSED FOR
CATEGORIES OF THE SOURCES THE PI IS COLLECTED FROM
CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES TO WHOM PI MAY BE DISCLOSED DURING THE PRECEDING 12-MONTH PERIOD
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique digital identifiers linked to Your device, browser or application (ex. Service ID, third party online identifier, IP address, account credentials (email address, username, and any other account credentials as provided from time to time), account name, a copy of official ID, or other similar identifiers that You may communicate to us directly or indirectly when using our Service)
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
-You; either directly or indirectly
-Our Service Providers
– Business or persons providing services to us (ex. payment solution providers (when You authorize them to disclose to us Your account information necessary for us to pay You))
– Advertising partners
-Providers of 3rd Party connect features (ex. Apple connect)
-Dailymotion Companies
-Advertising  partners (digital IDs, IP address only)
-Public authorities
– Dailymotion Companies
-Business or persons providing services to us
Your Content
Your videos, comments, reactions, etc.
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
You
-End-user of the Dailymotion Service
– Dailymotion Companies
-Business or persons providing services to us
Commercial Information
Revenues generated, Payment method details for payments made by us (to the exclusion of credit card details)
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
-You, indirectly (information generated by us based on Your Content activity)
-Business or persons providing services to us (ex. payment solution providers (when You authorize them to disclose to us Your account information necessary for us to pay You))
-Content right holders
-Public authorities
-Payment solution service providers
-Dailymotion Companies
-Business or persons providing services to us
Demographic Information
Date of birth, gender, language, geographic location
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
– You; either directly or indirectly
-Providers of 3rd Party connect feature (ex. Apple connect)
– Advertising partners (age range, either deduced or actual), gender, language and geographic location only
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement, including information on the upload of the Content
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To achieve our business purposes
-You; indirectly
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Dailymotion Companies
– Advertising partners
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
Geolocation data
-IP address
-Postal address
-To comply with a legal obligation
-To achieve our business purposes
You, indirectly
-Advertising partners (IP address only)
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
Device information
Device used, language and other settings, operating systems
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including display of Content and ads
-You; indirectly
-Business or persons providing services to us
– Advertising partners
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Dailymotion Companies
Inferences drawn from PI to create Your profile
User segments based on Your deduced geographic location, age and/or viewing preferences and behavior
To achieve our business purposes
-You, indirectly (information generated by us based on Your activities)
-Dailymotion Companies
– Advertising partners
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Our Content right holders
-Dailymotion Companies
Content of Your communication with us
Any information that You might provide to us
To provide You the Service and in particular to provide assistance requested from our support service
You; directly or indirectly
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
-Right holders (ex. when You notify to us a possible copyright infringement)
Sensitive Personal Information
-Social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport, to the extend You communicate it to us (ex. as part of Your exchanges with our Support service)
-Information about Your possible ethnic origin or information on Your interaction with our Service that may reveal Sensitive Information.
Ex. if You watch content related to pregnancy You may see ads for baby products. Your interaction with an ad for health products may be recorded to measure ad performance.
-To comply with a legal obligation and, in particular, to establish a verifiable consumer request
– To provide You the Service and in particular to provide assistance requested from our support service
-To serve contextual ads. To better understand our Service audience including ad campaign analysis.
You; directly or indirectly
Business or persons providing services to us
-Business or persons providing services to us
-Public authorities
-Dailymotion Companies
-None;
Only de-identified and aggregated information may be provided to advertising partners
NB. Dailymotion Player is present on Dailymotion digital properties and on third parties’ digital properties (ex. websites). When our Player is embedded on a third party’s website, we use, for technical reasons, the url of that website to deliver ads and Content. In general, urls do not reveal any of Your SPI. In rare cases where full urls might suggest Your SPI (ex. when You visit a website addressed to a religious community, its url may suggest Your religious convictions), note that Dailymotion does not use that SPI. The full urls are used by us for technical purposes, including to display Content or ads, ensure security and debug, without the actual content of the url being analyzed by us.
8.6.1.a.ii.2.
Collected PI: Categories, the Purposes It is Sold or Shared for and the Categories of Third Parties Your PI is Sold to or Shared with
The CCPA defines the “Sale” of PI as sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s PI by the Business to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. When Your PI is thus communicated for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising, then such communication is referred  as Share.
Dailymotion does not knowingly Sell or Share PI of minors under 16 years of age.
As a part of our business activity, we may Sell to and Share Your PI with third parties with whom we cooperate, advertisers or tech companies. When You use our Service, our advertising partners collect Your PI, such as digital identifiers (e.g. online identifiers, IP address), activity history (how You interact with their ads) and electronic information (e.g. what browser You use), and You are shown their ads. These companies may use such information to help us conduct our business activities (in doing so, they are our Service Providers) and for their own business purposes including tailoring ads You see on and outside of our Service. Targeting of ads based on Your PI obtained from Your activity across different businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services is referred to under the CCPA as “
Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
”. When our advertising partners engage in Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising (i.e. when they use Your PI collected on our Service and on other websites and services, to show You ads on and outside of the Dailymotion Service), our disclosure of Your PI to them amounts to the Share of Your PI.
Note that there is no Share of Your PI when ads You see on our Service are targeted exclusively using the PI collected on the Dailymotion Service. Consequently, if You Opt-Out of Sale or Share of Your PI, You will still see ads on our Services and these ads may continue to be tailored to Your interests but that tailoring may be less precise as it will be based only on the PI collected while using the Dailymotion Service. Your PI may continue to be disclosed to other entities but they can use it only for Dailymotion’s business purposes and pursuant to a written contract we have with them.
If You are over 16 and wish to Opt-Out from the Sale or Share of Your PI please refer to section 8.6.1.a.vi below to learn how to exercise that right.
The following categories of PI have been Sold or Shared by Dailymotion for the below-listed purposes in the preceding 12 months:
CATEGORY OF PI
EXAMPLES OF PI (Depending on the PI You provide to us and Your use of our Service)
BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSE THE PI IS SOLD OR SHARED
CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM PI MAY BE SOLD OR SHARED DURING THE PRECEDING 12-MONTH PERIOD
Identifiers
Unique digital identifiers linked to Your device, browser or application (ex. Service ID, third party online identifiers, cookie IDs), IP address
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Demographic Information
Age range, either deduced or actual gender, language, geographic location
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Geolocation data
IP address
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Device and connectivity information
Information about Your current connection to the Dailymotion Service pertaining to the device and Service connection; device used, language and other settings, operating system browser, url
To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including delivery of targeted ads
-Tech companies
-Advertising partners
Your Content
Your publicly available videos and related metadata to the exclusion of directly identifying personal information
– To provide You the Service and achieve our business purposes including financing of our Service
– To foster new technologies including through training of AI models.
selected Data Partners
8.6.1.a.iii. Retention Period of PI
Your PI is retained for as long as it is needed to fulfill our business purposes, including the execution of a contract we have with You, compliance with legal obligations or as necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. It is deleted, aggregated, deidentified or anonymized once it is no longer needed for the purposes described above. For each type of data and operation, we set retention timeframes based on the purpose for its collection, and ensure it is kept for no longer than necessary.
8.6.1.a.iv.
Automated Decision-Making
Dailymotion uses algorithms to improve our Service. For example, we use algorithms to generate more pertinent search results when You use our search engine or otherwise recommend content that we believe might be of interest to You. We also use them to infer some information from Your use of our Service. That information may be Your age range or gender. We use that deduced information to provide You with a more personalized experience.
8.6.1.a.v. California Consumer Rights
If You are a California resident, You have the right to know what PI we have collected about You, including the categories of PI, the categories of sources from which Your PI is collected, the business or commercial purpose behind our collection Sell or Share of Your PI, and the categories of third parties to whom Your PI may be disclosed. You may request access to (including obtaining a portable-format copy of Your PI that You provided to us) or deletion of Your PI or correction of inaccurate PI that we have in our records and that we have collected or otherwise obtained during the 12-month period preceding Your request. You also have the right to instruct us not to Sell or Share Your PI with Third Parties and, to the extent that Your SPI are used otherwise than to provide You with our Service or as authorized under the CCPA (which, at present Dailymotion does not do) to Limit the Use and Disclosure of SPI.
You may exercise any of these rights either directly or through an authorized representative. If You wish to make a request regarding Your PI via an authorized agent, You must provide this agent with Your written permission indicating the right which You wish to exercise, which is to be submitted to Dailymotion together with copies of Your and Your agent’s official IDs at the time of filing a request. We may ask for additional documents or information if we judge them necessary to establish whether Your request meets the legal standards of a verified request (i.e. means to determine that the consumer making a request is the consumer about whom Dailymotion has collected PI, or if that consumer is less than 13 years of age, the consumer’s parent or legal guardian), verify the agent’s authority to act on Your behalf, the extent of the authorizations You have granted and to identify Your PI.
Your choice to exercise any of the above-listed rights will not result in any discriminatory treatment regardless of whether in relation to Your use of the Dailymotion Service or Secondary Websites.
8.6.1.a.v.1.
Right to Opt-Out from Sale or Share of Personal Information and Limit the Use and Disclosure of SPI
You have the right to “opt-out” of the Sale or Share of Your PI, which means that You can tell a business to stop Selling or Sharing Your PI and to refrain from Selling or Sharing it in the future. Exercising Your Opt-Out right does not affect previously Sold or Shared PI.
To exercise this right, click on the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Ads” link available on our Service (within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app). If You access our Service through our Player embedded on third party websites or applications or while using a small-screen device, You may see a different link. For technical reasons, due the available space, You may see a shorter text such as “
Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads
” or “
Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads
”.
Note that the Opt-Out link may not be visible or functional if You access our Service using a non-California IP address
(e.g. while accessing the Dailymotion Service from a different state or country or doing so using location-masking technologies such as a proxy or a VPN (Virtual Private Network) software). If You are a California resident and encounter problems in the exercise of Your Opt-Out right, such as if You are not physically in California at the time, we invite You to contact us directly using either of the contact methods listed in Section 8.6.1.viii.
When available, You may also use a so-called “opt-out preference signal”, i.e. a browsing technology meeting the standards set by CCPA, that enables You to opt-out from Sale or Share of Your PI with all businesses You interact with on-line using a given device and browser without having to exercise that choice individually with each of such businesses. Note that while we provide You with the possibility to opt out from our Sale and Share of Your PI, the implementation of that opt-out preference signal may not be frictionless and require some additional interaction from You.
When an operation requiring share or sale of your PI has a particular scope, ex. is limited in time or concerns a particular category of data, we may offer you a dedicated opt-out option to enforce transparency of our operations.
Upon exercising Your right to Opt-Out, we will cease Selling and Sharing Your PI. In particular, we will refrain from disclosing it to Third Parties for their own business purposes.
Note that while we will not Sell or Share Your PI once You exercise Your Opt-Out right, we may still disclose such information to our business partners in order for them to help us carry out our own business activities. In these circumstances, our business partners will act as our Service Providers or Contractors and they will not be allowed to use Your PI for any purposes other than those we ask them to or as otherwise authorized by the CCPA.
We remind You that an Opt-Out decision is limited to the device and the browser used
. If You use our Service on different devices or via different browsers, Your Opt-Out decision needs to be communicated to us separately on each of them and renewed every time the associated Service ID is no longer active.
Additionally
, if Your Service ID is no longer recognized by our Service (either because the cookie it is stored in has expired or because You or the technology You use (e.g. Your Internet browser) has deleted such cookie or prevented its deployment), we will no longer be capable of either recognizing You or acknowledging that You have opted-out from the sale of Your PI. We invite You to verify Your registered options by accessing Your CCPA settings through the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” link
(or
“Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads
” or “
Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads
”), accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app,
and to renew the Opt-Out procedure if needed
.
Note that Dailymotion does not use SPI for purposes other than the ones disclosed in section  8.6.1.a.ii above or as otherwise permitted under the CCPA. Consequently we limit our use and disclosure of Your SPI to what is necessary to perform the services reasonably expected by an average user of the Dailymotion Service or as otherwise authorized under the CCPA.
8.6.1.a.v.2.
Requests to Opt-In After Opting-Out of the Sale and Share of Your PI
Once You have exercised Your right to Opt-Out, it is possible for You to opt back into the Sale and Share of Your PI. You will be alerted if a transaction requires the Sale of Your PI in order to be completed.
Opting back into the Sale and Share of Your PI is an easy two-step process: You just have to request to opt-in and You will then be asked to confirm Your choice. You may do so by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” link (or “Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads” or “Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads”) accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app, or by using any of the other contact methods described in Section 8.6.1.h below.
8.6.1.a.v.3.
Right to Access and / or Delete Your PI and / or Correct Your Inaccurate PI
In addition to the right to be informed about the PI we collect, disclose, Share or Sell (i.e. information available in this Privacy Policy), You have the right to request that Dailymotion provides You with access to the specific pieces and categories of Your PI that Dailymotion has collected, disclosed, Sold or Shared during at least  12 months preceding Your request. This request can only be made once every 12 months.
You also have the right to request the correction or deletion of Your PI that Dailymotion collected or maintained during the same 12-month period.
If requested so and to the extent technically feasible, upon receipt of Your access request we will provide the specific pieces of PI obtained from You in a form that is easily understandable to the average consumer, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format enabling transmission to another entity without hindrance.
Upon receipt of Your verifiable request to delete Your PI, we will proceed with the deletion of such information unless otherwise authorized or required by law.
8.6.1.a.vi. Methods for Submitting a Verifiable Consumer Request
In addition to exercising Your Opt-Out right via the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” link (or “Don’t Sell/Share/use my Info for Targeted Ads” or “Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads”) accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app, You may submit Your Opt-Out, access, correction or deletion request by contacting our Support Policy Team using one of the following methods:
making a request via the “Personal Data” dedicated section available on the
Dailymotion Help Center
;
sending an email to
feedback@dailymotion.com
At a minimum, the following information must be provided with Your request:
Your account login (email address, username or other account credentials used to log-in to Your Dailymotion account) or Your Service ID(s), which You will be able to retrieve by following the instructions that we will provide to You;
the nature of Your request, i.e. what rights You wish to exercise;
documents evidencing that You are a California resident;
an email or a physical address we may use for further correspondence in relation to Your request;
whether Your request concerns Yourself or a third party (if You file on behalf of a third party, You must submit documents evidencing Your legal authority to do so (e.g. a signed document from the person You file the request for specifying the content of the request You are authorized to file, together with a copy of that person’s and Your own official IDs)).
To help our Help Center team identify the applicable procedures, we strongly recommend that You mention in the object or body of Your request a reference to the  or California Consumer Protection Act.
Depending on the content and circumstances of Your request, You may need to follow additional procedures (e.g. retrieve Your Service ID following the instructions provided by our Support Team) or provide additional supportive documents as necessary to confirm Your identity and allow us to identify Your PI.
Note that in order to comply with requests to access, correct, delete, or disclose a consumer’s PI, it is mandatory for Dailymotion to first verify such requests. The CCPA rights in relation to Your PI can only be exercised by You, meaning that Your request cannot concern PI that is not Yours and no one else can exercise the CCPA rights in relation to Your PI (unless acting as Your authorized agent). Consequently, before processing a request, we need to take reasonable measures to verify the identity of the person sending us a request, that person’s entitlement to exercise the CCPA rights and to identify the information such request relates to.
The actual verification process may take different forms depending on the circumstances of Your request. For example, if You have a Dailymotion account, You may be asked to reply to a verification email sent to You by our Support Team at the email address You use to log-in. The Dailymotion Support Policy team will guide You through the applicable procedures.
Your requests will be answered within the CCPA-prescribed 45-day period. However, when reasonably necessary, we may require up to an additional 45 days to  respond to Your request. We will inform You if we decide to extend the reply period.
8.6.1.b Third Party Marketing Activities
If You are a California resident, You may be entitled to request disclosure of the categories of PI (such as Your name and contact information), if any, that we share with third parties who wish to contact You or send You promotional information about their products and services directly (as compared to when the third party is acting on our behalf or You have provided Your PI as part of a co-promotion by Dailymotion and the third party). You may also request the names and addresses of these third parties. Please note that You can only make these requests once per calendar year.
If You are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this information regarding our disclosure of PI to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, please contact us using the procedure described in Section 8.6.1.a. (viii). or send us a letter at: Legal Department, Dailymotion Inc., 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, NY, NY 10011, United States.
8.6.1.c. Specific Rules Applicable to Deletion of Information Published by Minors
If You are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of the Dailymotion Service, You may request and obtain removal of Content or information that You have posted publicly on the Dailymotion Service. To make this request, please contact the
Dailymotion Help Center
and include a detailed description of the specific content or information You would like to remove and confirming Your country and state of residence. Please note that this removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the Content or information posted on the Dailymotion Service by You, as there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal.
8.6.2. Additional Information and Choices for Residents of
U.S.A. Privacy Law States
, except California
In addition to any other information which You may find in this Privacy Policy and in particular the description of how Dailymotion may process Your personal information (“
PI
”) provided in Section 8.6.1 “Additional Choices for California Residents ”, this section is intended to provide You with specific information as may be required under the local privacy laws of Your state of residence.
Each state legislation provides distinct definitions of the key terms used in relation to the processing of PI. For example, when PI is disclosed to third parties for cross-context targeted advertising (i.e. information collected when You use different services serves to tailor the ads You see on our Service), the California law refers to it as “Share” while the Virginia law uses the term processing for the purposes of “Targeted Advertising”.   Additionally, each state law defines independently the date on which You start benefiting from the rights provided to You. We invite You to consult the applicable state laws  to know the exact definitions of different privacy-related terms and the entry into force of the rights You benefit from.
Unless otherwise indicated in the present Section 8, all references to Share under Section 8.6 refer to the processing of PI for the purposes of Targeted Advertisement. Any other term has the meaning assigned to it independently under each applicable state privacy law.
8.6.2.a. Residents of the
U.S.A Privacy Law States
We inform You that Dailymotion does not process Your PI for the purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning consumers.  Dailymotion may disclose Your PI in a commercial context, in particularly when delivering tailored ads.
Please refer to section 8.6.1. for information on how Dailymotion may process Your PI.
In particular:
For information on the purposes of Dailymotion’s processing of Your PI please refer to Section 8.6.1.a.ii  “Collected PI: Collection, Disclosure, Sale and Share”
For information on the categories of personal data disclosed to third parties, the purposes of such disclosure and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Your PI,  please refer to section 8.6.1.a.ii.1. “Collected PI: Categories, Sources and the Purposes It is Used for and the Categories of Third Parties to Whom Your PI is Disclosed”. Note that Dailymotion may disclose Your de-identified PI to third parties such as Content right holders or advertisers for reporting purposes. Such reports contain aggregated information not intended to identify You directly.
Dailymotion finances its commercial activities from advertising revenues. The presence of advertisement is an essential part of our Service. Consequently, we may process Your PI to show You the ads believed to be of interest to You. We may also Share Your PI with third parties for the purpose of Targeted Advertisement. In such case, Your PI related to Your use of the Dailymotion Service is combined by these third-parties with information about Your use of other services,  to select ads that are believed to correspond to Your interests.  You have a right to opt-out from the processing of Your PI for the purpose of Targeting Advertising by either exercising Your choice directly on our Service, by following the link “Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share/Process It for Purpose of Targeted Advertising” (or “Don’t Sell/Share my Personal Information or Target Ads” or “Opt-Out Sale/Share/Targeted Ads” if accessing our Service through Dailymotion Player embedded on third party websites or apps or while using a small-screen device) or by contacting our
Customer Service
. The Opt-Out links are accessible from within the footer of our website and in the settings of our app. They may not be available or operational if You access our Service outside Your state of residence.  Opting-out will not stop advertising but the ads You will see might be less pertinent, as they will be based only on the information we derive from Your use of our Service.
If You wish to exercise any of the rights granted under Your state’s  privacy laws (for ex. the right to opt-out,  be informed, to access,  correct or , delete Your PI,  or the right to data portability) You may contact our
Customer Service
indicating Your state of residence and the right(s) You wish to exercise. If You are a resident of a state providing for an appeal procedure  and disagree with our reply to Your request,  You may appeal it by filing an appeal request with our
Customer Service
, including the original request and the reply provided by Dailymotion.  Your appeal will be examined by a specialized team different from the one that issued the original reply. If You wish to contest the appeal decision, You may do so by filing a complaint with state Attorney General.
Depending on Your state of residence, our response time to Your initial and appeal request varies from 45 to 60 days and may be extended taking into account the complexity of Your case and our workload.
Note that exercise of Your rights will not result in any discriminatory treatment by Dailymotion. Please refer to Section 8.6.1.(a)(vi). “Methods for Submitting a Verifiable Consumer Request” for further details on how to exercise Your rights.
8.6.2.b.
Residents of the state of Nevada
If You are a resident of Nevada, note that Dailymotion does not presently sell personal data as this term is defined by the Nevada privacy laws. However, if You are a Nevada resident, You may nevertheless contact our
Customer Service
indicating Your state of residency to exercise Your right to opt-out of sale pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
8.7. Specific Information and Rights Applicable to Korean Residents
8.7.1.
일반사항
귀하가 한국에 거주하는 경우, 본 개인정보 처리방침의 내용에 더하여, 본 섹션에서 개인정보 보호법에 따라 필요한 세부 정보를 알려드리도록 하겠습니다.
개인정보의 공개 및 이전
구체적으로, 당사는 아래 열거된 제3자에게 개인정보를 제공하거나 개인정보의 처리를 위탁(국외 이전 포함)합니다.
개인정보의 제3자 제공(제3자가 자신 스스로의  목적으로 개인정보를 처리하는 경우):
개인정보를 제공받는 제3자
제공되는 개인정보 항목(당사가 보유하고 있는 정보 및 파트너사의 유형에 따라 다름)
개인정보를 이용하는 목적
파트너사
디지털 식별자, 귀하가 이용하는 기기 및 그 설정 정보, 귀하의 대략적인 위치(예: IP주소 일부), 귀하의 프로필(귀하가 속하는 것으로 생각되는 사회인구학적 범주 및 귀하가 시청하는 콘텐츠 및 관련 광고 그리고 귀하가 이 콘텐츠 및 광고와 어떻게 상호작용하는지에 대한 정보).
광고의 송출(상황별 광고이든 사용자의 관심사에 맞게 조정된 광고이든 무관), 송출된 광고 캠페인의 추적 및 분석, 서비스에 파트너사가 업로드한 콘텐츠의 시청에 대한 추적 및 분석, 사기 적발, 서비스 개선
계열사 : Dailymotion SA 및
비방디 그룹이 완전히 소유한 회사
디지털 식별자, 귀하가 이용하는 기기 및 그 설정 정보, 귀하의 대략적인 위치(IP 주소 일부), 귀하의 프로필(귀하가 속하는 것으로 생각되는 사회인구학적 범주 및 귀하가 시청하는 콘텐츠 및 관련 광고.
당사가 보유하고 있는 경우 : 이메일 주소, 연령, 성명, 별명, 우편 주소.
비방디 그룹 회사의 상품을 귀하의 관심사에 적합하도록 맞춤화하기 위하여 이용
공공 당국 및 기타 법적 절차상 권한 있는 주체
Dailymotion에 업로드된 동영상에 관한 정보
법령상 의무 준수
귀하가 선택한 결제 솔루션 서비스 제공자(Dailymotion 파트너 프로그램 회원에 한함)
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg (정보 보호 담당 연락처 : DPO; PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg)
Payoneer Inc., 150 West 30th street, Suite 500, New York, NY 10001; USA(정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
DPO@payoneer.com
)
또는 기타 귀하가 선택한 다른 은행 기관
귀하의 콘텐츠에서 창출된 수익 및 정산 처리에 관한 정보, 청구 세부 내용(성명, 주소, 결제 솔루션 제공자에 대한 귀하의 ID, Dailymotion 계정 ID), 정산 정보(지급액, 세금)
귀하가 당사와 체결한 당사의 계약상 의무의 이행
제3자에 대한 개인정보의 처리위탁(제3자가 당사를 대신하여 귀하의 개인정보를 처리하는 경우)
수탁자 및 귀하의 개인정보가 이전되는 국가(*)
이전되는 개인정보 항목(당사가 알고 있는 실제 정보에 따라 다름) 및 이전방법
위탁 업무 및 보유 기간
Dailymotion SA; 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France;
(정보 보호 담당 연락처:
DPO
)
Dailymotion이 처리하는 모든 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
Dailymotion이 처리하는 모든 개인정보의 보관 및 당사 계열사의 주요 활동 국가 내 귀하에 대한 당사 서비스 제공 지원.
귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전됩니다.
귀하의 개인정보는 당사의 서비스를 귀하에 제공하는 데 필요한 기간 동안 또는 관련 법률에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, 업로드된 동영상은 프랑스, 미국 및 싱가포르에 저장되고, 그 삭제일로부터 30일까지 당사 시스템에 보유됩니다.
Dailymotion Advertising SAS;
50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France
(정보 보호 담당 연락처:
DPO
)
Dailymotion Asia Pacific Pte Ltd,
137 Amoy Street; Singapore 049965 (정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
고객 서비스
)
Dailymotion이 처리하는 모든 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
당사 계열사의 주요 활동 국가 내 귀하에 대한 당사 서비스 제공 지원
귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전됩니다.
귀하의 개인정보는 당사의 서비스를 귀하에 제공하는 데 필요한 기간 동안 또는 관련 법률에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, 업로드된 동영상은 프랑스, 미국 및 싱가포르에 저장되고, 그 삭제일로부터 30일까지 당사 시스템에 보유됩니다.
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.,
22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg (정보 보호 담당 연락처 : DPO; PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg)
Payoneer Inc.,
150 West 30th street, Suite 500, New York, NY 10001; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
DPO@payoneer.com
)
귀하의 콘텐츠에서 창출된 수익 및 정산 처리에 관한 정보, 청구 세부 내용(성명, 주소, 결제 솔루션 제공자에 대한 귀하의 ID, Dailymotion 계정 ID), 정산 정보(지급액, 세금)
네트워크를 통한 전송
지급 처리 및 Dailymotion 파트너 프로그램 회원의 정산 촉진.
귀하의 개인정보는 결제 당시 이전되며 금융기관에 적용되는 법률에서 법적으로 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다.
Google Ireland Limited,
Gordon House; Barrow Street; Dublin 4; Ireland, Google Inc.(미국)의 자회사
(정보 보호 담당 연락처:
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
)
comScore B.V.,
Herikerbergweg 280, 1101 CT Amsterdam ; the Netherlands (DPO:
Mouton Rouge SASU, 3 rue docteur Bleicher; 54000 Nancy; France (정보 보호 담당 연락처 : Mouton Rouge SASU, 3 rue docteur Bleicher; 54000 Nancy; France)
Amplitude,
631 Howard Street, Floor 5, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, (data protection contact details:
here
)
귀하가 무엇을 업로드하고, 시청하며, 어떻게 당사 서비스와 상호 작용하는지 등 귀하의 당사 서비스 이용에 대한 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
당사의 정보 분석 및 처리 지원. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용하거나 Dailymotion이 당사의 서비스 제공자가 제공하는 애널리틱 툴을 사용할 때 이전되며, 최대 13개월 또는 귀하의 계정 기간 동안 보유되고, 그 이후 삭제 또는 총계처리됩니다.
Salesforce.com France S.A.S;
3 Avenue Octave Gréard 75007 Paris – France, Salesforce.com Inc, 미국의 자회사 (정보 보호 담당 연락처 :
privacy@salesforce.com
)
귀하의 연락처 세부 정보 및 적용되는 상업적 조건 등 귀하의 당사 콘텐츠 수익화 기능 사용에 관한 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
Dailymotion 파트너 프로그램 회원의 계정 관리. 귀하의 개인정보는 예상(prospect) 또는 파트너 계정의 생성 또는 업데이트 당시 이전되며, 귀하의 파트너 계정 삭제 또는 마지막 상업적 연락으로부터 최대 3년 동안 보유됩니다.
Google Ireland Limited,
Gordon House; Barrow Street; Dublin 4; Ireland), Google Inc.(미국)의 자회사 (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
)
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL “AWS” ,
38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, Amazon Web Services Inc. (미국)의 자회사 (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
)
MongoDB Ltd. (Atlas),
3rd Floor, 3 Shelbourne; Buildings, Nallsbridge; Dublin 4; Ireland; Atlas (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@mongodb.com
)
광고가 보여질 때 사용된 귀하의 이용자 또는 디바이스 ID, 귀하에게 해당되는 광고 부분, 귀하에 보여진 광고, 귀하의 광고와의 상호 작용 등 광고 시청과 관련된 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
당사의 서비스 및 귀하의 이용에 관한 데이터 일부 호스팅. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 당사의 사업 목적을 위해 필요하거나 관련 법률에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, 귀하의 Dailymotion 광고 쿠키 ID는 6개월 동안 보유됩니다.
Zendesk Inc. 1
019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: Zendesk’s Global Privacy Counsel:
Rachel Tobin, AGC, EMEA & Global Privacy Counsel, Zendesk International Ltd. 55 Charlemont Place, Saint Kevin’s, Dublin, D02 F985 Ireland
privacy@zendesk.com
)
CallPoint New Europe SRL (“Telus),
AFI PARK 3, Vasile Milea boulevard n°4G ; 6th district ; Bucharest, Romania;
(연락처:
TI.Privacy.Office@telusinternational.com
)
법무법인(유) 광장 (대표변호사 김상곤)
• 이메일:
한국 개인정보 보호 문제 전용 이메일
• 우편: 대한민국 서울시 중구 남대문로 63 한진빌딩 법무법인 광장(Dailymotion의 국내대리인)
• 전화: 02-6386-7195
귀하의 연락처 세부 정보, 귀하의 질문 등 당사에 전달되 귀하의 질문에 관한 개인정보(귀하가 당사에 보낸 요청에 따라 실제 세부 사항은 다름).
네트워크를 통한 전송
고객 지원 제공. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 당사의 지원 팀에 연락할 때 이전되며, 귀하의 요청을 처리하는 동안 보유되고, 그 후 관련 법률에 따라 기록됩니다.
Braze Inc.
330 W 34th Street, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10001, USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@braze.com
, Braze Privacy Policy Issues, 330 West 34th Street, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10001; USA)
의무적 사항에 대하여 연락하고 귀하에 뉴스레터를 보내기 위해 사용된 연락처 세부 정보, 이메일, 성명, 성별.
네트워크를 통한 전송
의무적 서비스 연락 및 마케팅 툴 제공. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 계정을 생성하면 이전되고, 귀하의 계정 삭제 때까지 보유됩니다.
Beeswax.IO Corporation,
275 7th Ave 21st Floor; New York, NY 10001; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@beeswax.com
)
광고 전송을 위해 사용된 귀하의 이용자 또는 디바이스 ID, 비정밀 지리 위치(non-precise geolocation), 연결 데이터, 귀하에게 해당되는 광고 부분, (존재하는 경우) 귀하에 보여진 광고에 대한 정보 등 광고 전송에 관한 개인정보.
네트워크를 통한 전송
광고 전송 지원. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 90일 동안 보유되고 그 후 13개월 동안 추가로 기록됩니다.
White Ops Inc.,
27 West 24th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10010; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: White Ops Inc., 27 West 24th Street, Suite 901, New York, NY 10010; USA)
Oracle America, Inc., (MOAT)
500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: Oracle Corporation, Global Data Protection Officer; Willis Tower; 233 South Wacker Drive; 45th Floor; Chicago, IL 60606; U.S.A.)
Integral Ad Science France SASU,
33 rue Lafayette; 75009 Paris, France (정보 보호 담당 연락처:
privacy@integralads.com
or DPO at
dpo@integralads.com
; Lucid Privacy; 1556 Shrader Street; San Francisco CA 94117; USA; Attn: Integral Ad Science)
IP 주소.
네트워크를 통한 전송
유효하지 않은 트래픽 감지를 통한 광고 전송 지원. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 당사의 사업 목적을 위해 필요하거나 관련 법률 및 업계 표준에 의해 달리 승인되거나 요구되는 기간 동안 보유됩니다. 예를 들어, “Moat” 솔루션을 통해 유효하지 않은 트래픽을 감지할 때 사용되는 귀하의 IP 주소는 현재 1년 동안 보유됩니다.
DataDog Inc.
620 8th Avenue, 45th Floor; New York; NY 10018-1741; USA (정보 보호 담당 연락처: Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Avenue, Floor 45, New York, NY 10018; Email:
gdpr@datadoghq.com
.)
모니터링 도구를 통해 감지된 사건을 조사하면서 접근될 수 있는 모든 개인정보, 조사된 사건의 성격에 따라 달라지는 접근된 실제 정보(예: 귀하의 IP 주소).
네트워크를 통한 전송
어플리케이션, 인프라, 네트워크의 성능 모니터링 보장. 귀하의 개인정보는 귀하가 Dailymotion 서비스와 상호 작용할 때 이전되며, 1년 동안 보유됩니다.
(*) 유럽 경제 지역(European Economic Area,“EEA”)에 위치한 회사들은 EEA 국가에 위치한 인프라를 사용할 수 있습니다.
Dailymotion이 개인정보를 유럽, 미국 및 싱가포르에 있는 서버에 보관한다는 사실에 유의하십시오. 또한 당사는 한국 국외에 위치한 제3자 클라우드 스토리지 제공자의 서비스를 이용하여 일부 개인정보를 보관하고 있습니다.
다른 회사들과 마찬가지로, 귀하에게 당사 서비스를 제공하기 위하여 Dailymotion은 업무 중 일부를 제3자 서비스 제공자들에게 위탁하고 있습니다(한국 국외에 위치한 자도 포함합니다).
국외 보관 및 위탁은 귀하와 당사의 계약을 이행하고, 정보통신서비스를 제공하기 위하여, 그리고 귀하의 이용자 경험을 향상하기 위하여 필수적입니다.
8.7.2. 데이터 보유
제6절에 더하여, 당사는 관련 법률 및 규정에 따라 아래의 개인정보를 정해진 기간 동안 보존할 수 있습니다:
통신비밀보호법: 귀하의 로그인 내역 기록 : 최소 3개월
귀하의 개인정보는 법령상 의무를 이행하기 위하여 필요하거나, 관련 법령상 허용되는 경우(예: 법적 청구의 성립, 행사 또는 방어를 위해 필요한 경우) 당사 또는 당사의 수탁자에 의한 그 보유 기간이 더 연장될 수 있음을 유의하십시오.
8.7.3. 개인정보 파기
개인정보의 보유기간이 경과되거나 처리 목적이 달성되어 개인정보가 불필요하게 된 경우, 개인정보는 아래에서 설명하는 다음의 방법을 이용하여 익명처리되거나 파기됩니다.
•
파기 절차
: 기술적으로 가능한 경우, 관련 개인정보는 보유기간이 경과되면 자동적으로 파기됩니다.
•
파기 방법
: 개인정보가 전자적 파일 형태로 기록되어 저장되어 있는 경우, 이는 기술적 방법(예: 로우레벨 포맷)을 통해 파기하여 해당 기록이 복원될 수 없도록 합니다. 종이 문서의 형태로 기록 및 저장되어 있는 개인정보의 경우, 분쇄하거나 인증 된 서비스를 통해 파기하는 방법을 사용하고 있습니다.
8.7.4. 법적 권리
귀하가 한국에 거주하고 있다면, 귀하, 귀하의 법정대리인 또는 기타 귀하가 관련 권한을 위임한 자는 일정한 예외사유를 제외하고는 귀하의 개인정보에 대한 일정한 권리를 갖습니다.:
o 귀하의 개인정보 처리에 대한 정보를 제공받을 권리
o 개인정보 처리에 대하여 동의하거나, 동의를 거부하거나, 동의의 범위를 한정할 권리
o 개인정보 처리를 확인하고 개인정보의 열람을 요구할 권리
o 개인정보 처리를 정지하거나, 개인정보를 정정, 삭제, 파기할 권리
o 개인정보 처리 과정에서 발생한 피해에 대하여 신속하고 공정한 절차에 따라 배상을 받을 권리
위 권리를 행사하는 방법에 대한 더 자세한 정보는 제8.1.절을 참조하여 주십시오.
8.8. Specific Information and Rights applicable to Turkish Residents
If You reside in Turkey, the following specific conditions apply to You:
Dailymotion may process Data listed under Section 2 for the purposes explained under Section 3 based on the following legal grounds:
processing is explicitly laid down in or dictated by laws;
processing of Your Data, is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of Your contract with us;
processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations;
the relevant data is made available to the public by Yourself;
processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right;
processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate Your fundamental rights and freedoms;
Your explicit consent (this legal ground is only used in relation to processing that requires Your consent and is not used for any processing that might be performed based on another legal ground).
Pursuant to the applicable privacy laws in Turkey, You have the following rights regarding Your Data:
the right to learn whether Your Data is processed;
the right to request information with respect to such processing;
the right to learn the purposes of processing and whether Your Data is used for such purpose or not;
the right to know the third parties within or outside Your country to whom Your Data is transferred;
the right to request correction of Your Data if it is incomplete or inaccurate;
the right to request deletion or destruction of Your Data in accordance with applicable laws;
the right to request notification of actions taken within the scope of (v) and (vi) above items to third parties, who received Your Data from us;
the right to object to the consequences that are to Your detriment, as a result of the analysis of Your Data solely by automated means;
the right to claim indemnification if You suffer damages due to illegal processing of Your Data.
For further information about Your rights under the article 11 of the Turkish Data Protection Law, You may refer to the official law text accessible
here
in Turkish only.  Dailymotion has designated İlay Yılmaz as its personal data controller representative in Turkey to handle questions and complaints strictly in connection with the processing of Personal Information related to individuals in Turkey. Her contact details are listed under Section 11.5 below.
8.9. Specific information and Rights applicable to Brazilian Residents
Dailymotion may process Data listed under Section 2 for the purposes explained under Section 3 based on the following legal grounds:
consent;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation;
execution of public policies (only applied to the public administration and when the public policy is set forth in laws or regulations or supported by contracts, agreements, or similar instruments);
for carrying out studies by research bodies;
execution of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract (Data subjects need to be a party of this contract);
regular exercise of rights in lawsuits or administrative or arbitration proceedings;
protection of the life or of the physical safety;
protection of health (only applicable to procedures carried out by health professionals, health services, or sanitary authorities);
legitimate interests of the controller or a third party; and
credit protection.
Dailymotion may share the Data with third party data recipients who may be:
our service providers acting in their capacity of processors,
our partners acting in their capacity of independent controllers,
competent public authorities,
Dailymotion’s processors carrying out the processing according to the instructions provided by us and are liable for such processing.
Independent controllers carrying out the processing in an autonomous manner. Dailymotion does not decide nor is responsible for any such processing.
As a Brazilian resident, You are entitled, at any time, to exercise any and all of the following rights:
The right to confirmation of the existence of the processing;
The right to access the Data;
The right to correct incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date Data;
The right to anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive Data or Data that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
The right to the portability of Data to another service or product provider, by means of an express request
The right to delete Data processed with the consent of the data subject;
The right to information about public and private entities with which the controller has shared Data;
The right to information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial; and
The right to revoke consent.
For further information about Your rights under the article 18 of the Brazilian Data Protection Law (“
LGPD
”), You may refer to the official law text accessible
here
in Portuguese only.  If You wish to exercise any of the rights listed hereinabove, please contact Dailymotion Inc.
here
. To help our Help Center team identify the applicable procedures, we strongly recommend that You mention in the object or body of Your request a reference to the LGPD and/or to identify Brazil as Your country of residence.
9.
SPECIFIC CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO DAILYMOTION SECONDARY SITES
In connection with its main activity as a content hosting platform, Dailymotion operates Secondary Sites addressed to professionals in the advertising industry, such as software developers wanting to contribute to or use the Dailymotion APIs, content right holders interested in the Dailymotion’s Partner Program, advertisers, media agencies and various actors of the marketing sector and other persons who wish to learn more about our offering and our company of apply for a job position. All of the Secondary Sites can be accessed from the Dailymotion Site but, due to the particularity of their audience, may be subject to distinct terms of use.
Indeed, since the Secondary Sites of Dailymotion are not intended primarily for users of the Dailymotion Site, the Processing purposes described in this Privacy Policy are not the same as those applicable to the Secondary Sites.
The Secondary Sites may collect their visitors’ Data for purely statistical purposes, in particular to register the number of visits to the Secondary Sites’ pages and the behavior of their visitors (e.g. navigation time, pages clicked on, videos viewed, or articles read, etc.).
Dailymotion may use different types of cookies on the Secondary Sites:
so-called “functional” cookies designed solely to operate these Secondary Sites correctly or, if You decide so, to enable You to log-in using third party log-in tools (e.g. Google Connect);
audience measurement and statistical analysis cookies, deposited by Dailymotion or by our subcontractors providing audience measurement services (e.g. Amplitude).
The use of these audience measurement cookies is subject to the same rules as those explained in the present Privacy Policy. You can, at any time, oppose their use by indicating Your decision on the Consent Management page accessible from the footers of our Secondary Sites. You may also exercise Your rights of access, modification or deletion as described in Section 8 above.
10.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS AND STANDARD CONTRCATUAL CLAUSES
10.1. General Information
Processing of Your Personal Data takes please in the EEA and outside of the EEA.  When storing Your Data Dailymotion uses its own servers as well as those of its service providers including cloud storage service providers. Dailymotion’s policy is to use servers located in Europe, whenever technically possible as further described below.
Storage of Content:
Your  Content other than Comments: Content is stored on servers located in the EEA and owned by Dailymotion or by our cloud storage service providers, at present Amazon AWS. If You decide to make Your Content available outside of the EEA, an additional temporary “cache” copy of extracts of Your Content may be created on servers operated by our cloud storage service providers and located outside of the EEA. Creation of that cache copy is inherent to the video deliver technology and serves to reduce the latency, i.e. enables a viewer to see a video faster by shortening the time between the request to see a video and the appearance of that video on the viewer’s screen. A cache copy is stored on servers that are geographically close to a viewer. Creation of  cache copies on non-EEA servers results in a transfer of Your Personal Data, namely, extracts of Your Content, outside the EEA.
Comments: depending on the territory Your access the Dailymotion Service from, You may have a possibility to comment on the Content available on our Service. Your Comments are stored in the USA on servers used by our service provider assisting us with operating the comment feature.
Your Operation of the Dailymotion Service: Operation of the Dailymotion Service involves cooperation of all companies  belonging to the Dailymotion group.  Some of these companies are located outside the EEA. Consequently, non-EEA Dailymotion entities may process Your Personal Data outside the EEA, namely in the USA, Singapore or other countries in which members of their staff operate.
Service Features:
Display of ads: when You are shown an ad, Your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the EEA if an advertiser or a technical intermediary process it in such territory.
Service features other than display of ads: Dailymotion Service enables various features, ex. storage of Content, display of Content, statistics, customer support, Content search or recommendation. The Data thus processed is stored on servers owned by Dailymotion and by our services providers (ex. cloud-storage service providers, customer support, business analytic tools, etc.) and is analyzed using Dailymotion’s and our service providers’ tools. For example, if You have an account with Dailymotion, Your email address is transferred to our USA-based service provider who assists us with User communication.
10.2. Data Processors/ Service Providers
Dailymotion uses services of different Data Processors/ Service Providers, the list of which is accessible
here
.
10.3. Legal Mechanisms Relied Upon
We may disclose Your Data to third parties, be it our service providers, our Commercial Partners or public authorities, including those located outside of Your country of residence. Dailymotion respects privacy rights, and strives to collect, use and disclose Your Data strictly as necessary and in a manner consistent with the applicable laws, including when such processing of Your Data is carried out outside of the country of Your residence. In particular, Dailymotion transfers the Data of EEA residents to non-EEA countries, only when sufficient level of protection is ensured.
Note that the competent EEA authorities have determined a list of non-EEA countries considered as providing an adequate level of protection. Transfer of Personal Data to such countries does not require additional safeguards. When transfer of EEA residents Data by Dailymotion is undertaken to countries that are not on this list and is not otherwise authorized by the applicable laws, such transfer relies on the  following mechanisms  to ensure the security of Your Data:
The
Data Privacy Framework
(for transfers to the U.S. only), or
the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, accessible
here
and accompanying technical measures, if applicable, or
Binding Corporate Rules in place within multinational organizations, or
derogative mechanism as provided in
article 49 of GDPR
, if applicable.
Note that because Your Content is You Personal Data, by making it available to viewers outside of the EEA, You render Your Personal Data present in these territories as well.
11.
MISCELLANEOUS
11.1. Third-Party Access Points, Devices and Links
The Dailymotion Service may be accessible through third-party websites, applications and other means of access operated by other companies (collectively, “
Third-Party Access Points
“). For example, You can access the Dailymotion Service through third-party websites where the Video Player has been embedded. The Dailymotion Service also may contain links to third-party websites or applications. For example, if You click on an advertisement or a search result on our website, You may be taken to a website that we do not control. None of these Third-Party Access Points, devices, websites or applications are operated by Dailymotion, even if they contain our name or logo. As such, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of these Third-Party Access Points. Accordingly, we recommend that You review their respective privacy policies for further information.
11.2. Deleting Your Dailymotion Account
If You have an account with us, You may choose to delete Your Dailymotion account, in accordance with our
Terms of Use
, via the settings of Your Dailymotion account when signed in. If You are a Member of our Partner Program, deletion of Your account will require a prior termination of that Program. Please note that after You delete Your account, You will not be able to sign into our website or access any of Your Personal Data. However, You can open a new account at any time. If You delete Your account, we will still retain some information from or about You when we are required to do so under the applicable law or contracts we are party to. We may also continue to use some of the Data in anonymized or pseudonymized forms for various operational and analytical purposes. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties, as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.
11.3. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
If You reside in a country of the European Economic Area, UK and Switzerland:
unless the waiver of choice of jurisdiction is not authorized under applicable laws, You agree that any dispute between You and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to this Privacy Policy or our collection, processing and/or use of Your Data shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of France, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between You and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Paris.
If You reside in a country that is not part of the European Economic Area, UK or Switzerland
: unless the waiver of choice of jurisdiction is not authorized under applicable laws, You agree that any dispute between You and Dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way to this Privacy Policy or our collection, processing and/or use of Your Data shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. You also agree that any claim or dispute between You and Dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in the New York County.
11.4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law or the Dailymotion Service or for other reasons in our discretion. We may do so as needed, but in any event, the Privacy Policy will be updated at least once every 12 months. Therefore, it is important that You verify the effective date of the latest update of the Privacy Policy each time You visit the Dailymotion Site or use any of the Dailymotion Service, to ensure You are familiar with our most updated policies and practices. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify You by posting a notice on the Dailymotion Site.
If You are a User or a Partner, we may also send an email to the email address that You most recently provided to us in Your Dailymotion account settings, prior to the material change taking effect. Accordingly, please keep Your account information, including email address, updated. Any material change to this Privacy Policy will be effective automatically (i) 7 days after the revised Privacy Policy is first posted or, for users who register or otherwise provide opt-in consent during this 7-day period, at the time of registration or consent, as applicable, or (ii) immediately upon its publication, if required so by applicable laws.
11.5. Contact Us
If You have further questions about this Privacy Policy, wish to learn more about our information-handling practices, or wish to exercise Your Privacy Rights, You can reach us:
by sending an email request to the
Dailymotion Help Center
via the dedicated “Your Personal Data” section or to the domestic representative designated below, if he/she is located in Your country or state of residence,
To help our Help Center team identify the applicable procedures, we strongly recommend that You mention in the object or body of Your request a reference to the local privacy law You refer to (e.g. GDPR, CCPA) and identify Yourself as well as Your country of residence.
by sending a letter to the attention of:
our Data Protection Officer at the following address: Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France, if You reside in a country of the EEA and/or for matters relating to the GDPR; or
our Legal Department at the following address: 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, NY, NY 10011, United States, if You reside in a country that is not part of the EEA; or
the domestic representative designated below, depending on Your country of residence:
If You reside in South Korea /
귀하가 한국에 거주한다면, 아래 추가 조항이 귀하에게 적용됩니다 :
Dailymotion has designated
Lee & Ko
as its domestic representative in South Korea to handle questions and complaints relating to the processing of Korean users’ Personal Information and to handle tasks prescribed by the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection. You may contact our domestic representative by using the following information:
• Lee & Ko (Sang Gon Kim, Managing Partner)
• Email:
Email Reserved for Korean Privacy Issues Only
• Mail: Lee and Ko (Domestic Representative of Dailymotion), Hanjin Building, 63 Namdaemun-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, Korea,
• Telephone: 02-6386-7195
Dailymotion has designated Ms. Majdoline TRAVERS as its Chief Privacy Officer under the Korean privacy laws. Chief Privacy Officer may be contacted by email at
here
or by letter addressed to Dailymotion Inc. to the attention of Korean Chief Privacy Officer; c/o Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France.
Dailymotion은 대한민국 이용자의 개인정보 처리 관련 고충과 문의의 처리 및 정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관한 법률에서 정한 업무의 처리를 위해 법무법인(유) 광장을 국내대리인으로 지정하였습니다. 아래 정보를 이용하여 국내대리인에게 전화, 이메일, 또는 우편으로 문의하실 수 있습니다.
– 법무법인(유) 광장 (대표변호사 김상곤)
– 이메일:
국내 개인정보 문의
– 우편: 서울 중구 남대문로 63, 한진빌딩 18층, 법무법인 (유) 광장, Dailymotion 국내대리인 전화: 02-6386-7195
Dailymotion은 한국 개인정보 보호 관련 법령에 따라 Ms. Majdoline TRAVERS를 개인정보 보호책임자로 지정하였습니다. 개인정보 보호책임자에게 연락하기 위하여는
legal@dailymotion.com
에 이메일을 송부하시거나, 수신인을 Dailymotion Inc. 한국 개인정보 보호책임자 앞으로 하여 c/o Dailymotion SA, 50, rue Camille Desmoulins 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux France. 에 우편을 송부하시기 바랍니다.
If You reside in Turkey (Türkiye) / Türkiye’de ikamet ediyorsanız:
For Privacy Matters
: Pursuant to applicable privacy laws in Turkey (Türkiye), You may contact our data controller representative in Türkiye for privacy matters by email or mail by using the following information:
Esin Attorney Partnership Email :
[Email Reserved for Turkish Privacy Issues Only]
Mail : Esin Attorney Partnership (Data Controller Representative of Dailymotion) Ebulula Mardin Cad., Gül Sok. No. 2
Maya Park Tower 2, Akatlar-Beşiktaş 34335 Istanbul, Türkiye.
For takedown requests
: the easiest and most efficient way to report a Content that You deem inappropriate is to click the “report” button below each video. In addition to such online tool, You may also, as a Turkish resident, send a letter or an email in Turkish to the Representative appointed by Dailymotion in Türkiye, in the scope of the Law No. 5651:
Name: Gökhan Gökçe
Address: Buyukdere Cd. No. 193/2 Esentepe – Sisli – Istanbul
Email :
[Email reserved for content takedown requests from Türkiye
only]
By sending a content takedown request to Dailymotion, You acknowledge and agree that Dailymotion may have to forward Your request (including the personal data contained in it) to the uploader of the disputed content, if such communication is necessary to process Your request.
Gizlilik ile ilgili Meseleler için: Türkiye’deki geçerli gizlilik yasaları uyarınca, bu husustaki meselerle ilgili olarak aşağıdaki bilgileri kullanarak e-posta veya posta yoluyla Türkiye’deki veri denetleyici temsilcimizle iletişime geçebilirsiniz.
Esin Attorney Partnership E-posta:
[E-posta adresi yalnızca Türkiye’deki Gizlilik Meseleleri için ayrılmıştır]
Posta: Esin Avukatlık Ortaklığı (Dailymotion’ın Veri Denetleyici Temsilcisi)
Ebulula Mardin Cad., Gül Sok. No. 2 Maya Park Tower 2, Akatlar-Beşiktaş 34335 İstanbul, Türkiye
İçeriğin yayından kaldırılması talepleri için: Uygunsuz olduğunu düşündüğünüz bir içeriği bildirmenin en kolay ve en etkili yolu, her videonun altındaki “bildir” düğmesini tıklamaktır. Bu tür internet üzerinden sunulan bir araca ek olarak, 5651 Sayılı Kanun kapsamında, Türkiye’de ikamet eden biri olarak, Dailymotion tarafından Türkiye’de görevlendirilen Temsilciye Türkçe bir mektup veya e-posta da gönderebilirsiniz.
Nom: Gökhan Gökçe
Adres: Büyükdere Cd. No. 193/2 Esentepe –Şişli– İstanbul
E-posta:
[E-posta adresi yalnızca Türkiye’den gelen içeriğin yayından kaldırılması talepleri için ayrılmıştır]
Dailymotion’a bir içeriği yayından kaldırma talebi göndererek, talebinizi işleme koyabilmek için böyle bir iletişim gerekmesi durumunda, Dailymotion’ın talebinizi (içerdiği kişisel veriler dahil), ihtilaflı içeriğin yükleyicisine iletmesi gerekebileceğini kabul etmektesiniz.
If You reside in Brazil / se voce reside no brasil:
Dailymotion has designated Ms. Natasza Gach as its data protection officer under the Brazilian General Data Protection Act to handle questions and complaints strictly in connection with the processing of Data related to individuals in Brazil. You may contact our data protection officer for such privacy matters by email or mail by using the following information:
Nom: Ms. Natasza GachAdresse : Dailymotion Inc – Legal Department – Attn: Ms. Natasza Gach – Data Protection Officer for Brazil – 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10011, United States
Email:
[Email reserved for processing of Data related to individuals in Brazil only]
You are also entitled to file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
Dailymotion designou a Sra. Natasza Gach como sua diretora de proteção de dados sob a Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados do Brasil para lidar com perguntas e reclamações estritamente relacionadas com o processamento de dados relacionados a indivíduos no Brasil. Você pode entrar em contato com nosso diretor de proteção de dados para questões de privacidade por e-mail ou correio usando as seguintes informações:
Nome: Sra. Natasza GachEndereço: Dailymotion Inc – Departamento Jurídico – Attn: Sra. Natasza Gach – Oficial de Proteção de Dados para o Brasil – 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10011, Estados Unidos
Email:
[Email reservado para processamento de dados relacionados a pessoas físicas apenas no Brasil]
Você também tem o direito de registrar uma reclamação junto à Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD) por meio de seus canais oficiais.
If You reside in the United Kingdom
Dailymotion has designated the DPO Centre Ltd. as its local representative to handle questions and complaints strictly in connection with the processing of Data related to individuals in the United Kingdom. You may contact our representative for such privacy matters by email or mail by using the following information:
Postal Address: The DPO Centre Ltd, 50 Liverpool street, London, EC2M 7PY, UK
Phone number: +44 (0) 203 797 6340
Email:
Email reserved for UK personal data protection issues
If You reside in the United States of America
In order to exercise Your rights under the local USA privacy laws, You may contact us at:
Postal Address: Dailymotion Inc., Legal Department, 150 W 22nd Street, 12th Floor, 10011 New York, NY
Email:
click here
In case of translation of all or part of this Privacy Policy, You acknowledge and agree that only the English version of this Privacy Policy shall prevail in any event, including where such translation is provided by DAILYMOTION.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.jwplayer.com/legal/privacy:
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Beta Program Agreement
SIMS Terms of Service
SIMS User Terms
Policies & Guidelines
DMCA Copyright Policy
Content Guidelines
Data & Privacy
Data Processing Agreement
Subprocessors
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective: October 11, 2024
Our Privacy Policy describes the information collection practices of JW Player’s corporate website, our other owned websites, and the proprietary technology that we use to perform services for our customers.
Table of Contents
Introduction
A. Corporate Website at www.jwplayer.com
Information Collected by the Corporate Website
About Personal Data
About Usage Data and Tracking Data
Your Choices on the Corporate Website
Service Providers
Transfer of Information
B. JW Player Technology
Information Collected by JW Player Technology About Users
About Usage Data and Tracking Data
User Choices for the JW Player Technology
Transfer of Information
C. Showcase Website
Showcase Websites are Powered by the JW Player Technology
Service Providers
D. Other Information
About Data Security
Links to Other Sites
Children’s Privacy
E. How to Contact JW Player
Introduction
JW Player (legally known as JWP, Inc.) is a leading video player software and video management platform (collectively, the “
JW Player Technology
”). Our customers are businesses that use the JW Player Technology to host, embed and stream, and deliver advertising to, digital video over the web (collectively, the “
JW Player Services
”).
JW Player has prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the information we collect from:
Visitors to our website located at
www.jwplayer.com
(the “
Corporate Website
”), including all subdomains,
Users who watch our customers’ videos on websites, apps, mobile apps, and other software powered by the JW Player Technology (each, a “
Customer Property
”) using a desktop or laptop PC, mobile phone, tablet, connected TV, set-top box, kiosk, virtual reality hardware, or other device, and
Visitors to our other owned-and-operated websites (each, a “
JW Player Website
”), including
www.jwshowcase.com
and
tv.jwplayer.com
.
This Privacy Policy does
not
describe the information collection practices of our customers that use the JW Player Technology on their Customer Properties. We are a third-party service provider to our customers. We recommend that you refer to our customers’ privacy policies to learn about their information collection practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
JW Player will update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our practices. We will post all Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. The Privacy Policy posted on this page will say when that version went into effect. If you visit the Corporate Website or view a video on a Customer Property after a change, then you will have accepted JW Player’s new Privacy Policy. You are advised to review our Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
A. Corporate Website at
www.jwplayer.com
1. Information Collected By The Corporate Website
Our Corporate Website provides information about our company, business, and the services we provide. It is also the portal used by our customers to sign into the customer dashboard for the JW Player Services.
The Corporate Website collects Personal Data, Usage Data, and Tracking Data when you visit the site at
www.jwplayer.com
.
As used in our discussion about the Corporate Website in this Section A:
“
Personal Data
” is the information about an individual that can be used to identify that individual. If you access the Corporate Website from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, we use a
different definition of Personal Data
to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
“
Tracking Data
” is the information collected by cookies and similar tracking technologies (e.g., pixel tags, web beacons, or scripts) that we use to keep track of visitor activity on the Corporate Website. (Note that the Tracking Data collected by the JW Player Technology is different, and is discussed in Section B.)
Cookies
are small files that contain a small amount of data, typically including a unique identifier. They are generally placed on your browser by a website or other browser-based service. Our Corporate Website uses cookies.
Other tracking technologies
, in the context of the Corporate Website, include pixel tags, web beacons, and scripts, and are used to track usage and performance. (See Section B below for the tracking technologies used by the JW Player Technology.)
“
Usage Data
”, in the context of the Corporate Website, is the information that your browser sends to JW Player’s servers when you visit the Corporate Website.
As with other Internet services, our web servers gather information automatically each time your browser or device interacts with the Corporate Website, and store that information in “log files.” The information stored in our web servers’ log files includes information that we call Personal Data, Usage Data and Tracking Data, and that we describe more fully in the following sections.
Note for visitors who access the Corporate Website from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK:
a. Personal Data.
In the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, Personal Data is defined differently than in the U.S., and means a variety of data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device (e.g., names, addresses, cookie identifiers, mobile device identifiers, precise location data and biometric data). For visitors who access the Corporate Website from the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, elements of Usage Data and Tracking Data – such as a visitor’s full Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the information that we associate with a unique identifier (like a cookie or other tracking technology) – are Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
b. Legal grounds for processing your Personal Data when accessing the Corporate Website.
For visitors who access the Corporate Website from the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we process your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Section A.2. on one or more of the following legal grounds:
You provided your consent;
It is necessary for our contractual relationship;
The processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations; and/or
The processing is in our or a relevant data controllers’ legitimate interest, for instance, where we use data to protect the security and integrity of our systems and to provide services or other benefits.
Note for California Residents who visit our Corporate Website(s):
If you have provided us with your personal information (for instance, if we met you at a trade show or you sign up to receive product emails), you have certain rights as to which you may contact us directly. Please contact us at privacy@jwplayer.com if you would to exercise any of the following rights under the CCPA:
If you would like to know the personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information (we do not sell this information); or the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information, please contact us at privacy@jwplayer.com;
If you would like us to delete information we have about you, please likewise contact us at privacy@jwplayer.com;
If you would like to “opt out” of receiving marketing from us, e.g., emails about our service or product enhancements, please likewise contact us at privacy@jwplayer.com;
If you would like to “opt out” of any ad targeting that occurs from our website(s) – for instance, if we “retarget” consumers who visit our website with an ad about a webinar or event we are holding or products we offer – please go to either the NAI opt-out portal or the DAA opt-out portal, two industry website that offer consumer choices regarding personalized advertising. This type of advertising is offered by third party service providers we may work with, most (or all) of whom are listed on the above “opt out” websites.
If you would like more information about the Tracking Data we may share with our advertising partner, NextRoll, Inc., please see the
California Residents section of NextRoll’s Privacy Notice.
2. About Personal Data
a. Personal Data Collected by the Corporate Website.
Personal Data includes your name, email address, postal address, and telephone number. It also includes any information that we have associated with your Personal Data.
The Corporate Website collects Personal Data from you when you engage in any of the following:
Request information about a product or service on the Corporate Website.
Register on the Corporate Website for emails, newsletters or other communications.
As an employee or authorized agent of a JW Player Service, use a login account on the Corporate Website to access the customer dashboard for the JW Player Technology.
We may combine Personal Data that you submit on or through the Corporate Website with information that we collect from and about you from other sources, offline and online.
b. How We May Use Personal Data.
We use the Personal Data that you provide on the Corporate Website for the following activities:
Provide the services that you request.
Send you administrative information, including information regarding changes to the Corporate Website’s terms, conditions and policies.
Personalize your experience on the Corporate Website (including through the use of cookies and similar technologies).
Send you messages that you request.
Target you to receive ads and other marketing messages from us about the JW Player Services.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing the Corporate Website, improving our services, and identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our marketing.
As we believe appropriate (a) to comply with applicable law and legal process, including to respond to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court, government agency, or law enforcement), (b) to enforce our terms and conditions, (c) to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Corporate Website, JW Player Technology, JW Player Services or the like, (d) to protect our operations or those of our affiliates, (e) to protect our rights, property, privacy, safety, or that of our affiliates, you or others, or (f) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain (these purposes, collectively, the “
Compliance Purposes
”).
c. When We May Disclose Personal Data.
The Personal Data that you provide to the Corporate Website may be disclosed:
Service Providers.
To our third-party service providers who provide services such as hosting, data analysis, IT infrastructure, IT services, customer service, email delivery, payment processing, billing and collections, data enhancement, order fulfillment, auditing, security, fraud, and other services to enable them to provide such services. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf.
Transfer of Business.
To a third party to which we have transferred our business, assets or stock if JW Player is involved in a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of some or all of our business, assets or stock, including during due diligence related to any such transaction (and also including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
As we believe appropriate for
Compliance Purposes
.
d. How Long We Retain Personal Data.
We retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required for the security or integrity of the Corporate Website, or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our legal agreements or policies.
e. No Sensitive Information.
Please do not disclose through the Corporate Website any sensitive Personal Data (e.g., social security numbers, detailed financial information, health information, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, criminal background or trade union membership).
3. About Usage Data and Tracking Data
a. Usage Data and Tracking Data Collected by the Corporate Website.
The Usage Data and Tracking Data collected by the Corporate Website include:
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other tracking technologies.
Browser type and version.
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
If you are accessing the Corporate Website through a mobile phone, tablet, connected TV, set-top box, kiosk, virtual reality hardware, or other device: the type of device, unique device ID, device IP address, device operating system, and diagnostic data.
Information about how you interact with the Corporate Website, such as the date and time of your visit, the pages that you visit, and the time spent on those pages.
Other aggregated information.
b. How We May Collect Usage Data and Tracking Data.
Usage Data and Tracking Data are collected by the Corporate Website:
When your browser or device sends it.
Standard information is sent by most browsers. This information includes your device type, screen resolution, operating system version, and Internet browser type and version.
Through web technologies.
We and our service providers may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other similar technologies to, among other things, facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the Corporate Website, present you with more tailored information about our products and services, and collect and store information about your use of the Corporate Website.
When you volunteer it.
You may volunteer demographic information, as well as other information, such as your preferred means of communication.
Through activity reports.
Information about how you interact with the Corporate Website is collected with every visit, and is used to determine usage levels, diagnose server problems, and operate and maintain the Corporate Website.
By aggregating information.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected by the Corporate Website.
c. How We May Use and Disclose Usage Data and Tracking Data.
We may use and disclose Usage Data and Tracking Data collected on the Corporate Website for any purpose permitted by applicable law.
Our advertising partner, NextRoll, Inc., may use Tracking Data to serve targeted advertising to other devices connected to you (via cross-device tracking). For more information, please see NextRoll’s
Privacy Notice
.
Note: If we are required by law to treat any element of Usage Data or Tracking Data as Personal Data, then we will handle those elements as Personal Data. If we combine any Usage Data or Tracking Data with Personal Data, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data as long as it is combined.
4. Your Choices On The Corporate Website Regarding Your Personal Data
a. Your Choices Regarding Cookies.
If you do not want cookies on the Corporate Website to collect information about you, there is a simple procedure on most devices that allows you to decline the use of cookies. To learn more about cookies, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org/
. However, if you choose to decline cookies, then some or all of the features, functionality and promotions available through the Corporate Website may not be available to you.
b. How You Can Access, Change or Delete the Personal Data About You Collected by The Corporate Website.
If you have a login to the Corporate Website (
i.e.
, you are a JW Player customer), you can log into your account to access, delete, or make changes to the Personal Data we have on file for your account.
If you do not have a login to the Corporate Website (
e.g.
, a prospective customer or a website visitor) and would like to access, change, or delete the Personal Data that you have previously provided to the Corporate Website, you can contact us by emailing us at
privacy@jwplayer.com
to make the requested changes. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. If you have requested that some Personal Data be deleted, note that we may need to retain some of the information for backup or Compliance Purposes. In addition, there could remain residual traces of the deleted Personal Data in our databases and other records. We are not responsible for changing or deleting information from the databases of third parties that have previously accessed your information.
c. Your Choices Regarding Messaging.
You may opt out from receiving marketing-related messages from us either by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided in the message or by emailing us at
privacy@jwplayer.com
. If you opt out from receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send administrative messages to you. You cannot opt out from receiving administrative messages.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority as to our processing of data. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, by emailing us at privacy@jwplayer.com or writing us at JWP, Inc., 530 7th Avenue, Suite 1906, New York, NY 10018 so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
The Corporate Website does not support the Do Not Track browser setting.
5. Service Providers
We use third party companies and individuals to provide services and functionality for the Corporate Website. These service providers may have access to your Personal Data in order to perform tasks on our behalf (
e.g.
, to send you information that you request or that we believe is of interest to you).
JW Player uses third-party advertising companies to advertise JW Player and the JW Player Services. We allow these service providers to use their tracking technologies on the Corporate Website so that we can target ads about JW Player to you when you are elsewhere on the Internet. This process is sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising. If you want more information about these third-party advertising companies, or if you wish to opt out of this type of advertising, please visit the ad industry choice mechanism at
www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
6. Transfer Of Information.
As JW Player works with global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. This may be intra-group or to third parties that we work with who are likely located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Note for visitors who access the Corporate Website from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK:
If we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, we will take steps to make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data.
B. JW Player Technology
1. Information Collected By JW Player Technology About Users
Our customers are primarily web publishers (each, a “
Customer
”) that deploy JW Player Technology on their
Customer Properties
to provide their visitors (each, a “
User
”) with a high-quality video viewing experience. In Section B, we describe the information that is collected from Users who view videos and ads on a Customer Property. The JW Player Technology collects
Usage Data
and
Tracking Data
from Users.
Note that the Tracking Technologies used in the JW Player Technology are different from the Tracking Technologies used on the Corporate Website.
2. About Usage Data And Tracking Data
a. Usage Data and Tracking Data Collected by the JW Player Technology.
The JW Player Technology collects Usage Data and Tracking Data from a User when he or she views video on a Customer Property. As used in our discussion about the JW Player Technology in this Section B:
“
Usage Data
” is the information that a User’s browser automatically sends to JW Player’s servers when a User accesses video or sees an ad on a Customer Property. This information includes a User’s device type, screen resolution, operating system version, and Internet browser type and version.
“
Tracking Data
” is the information collected by the JW Player Technology from Users who access videos on a Customer Property, and consists primarily of the following:
1. Proprietary tracking technologies
used by the JW Player Technology for video delivery and performance reporting. These tracking technologies include the following:
Local ID, which is stored on a User’s computer to identify a User’s player on a given Customer Property.
Global ID, which is stored on a User’s browser and JW Player’s servers and identifies a User across different players and Customer Properties.
The JW Player Technology does not assign a Global ID to Users whose Internet Protocol (IP) addresses are based in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK.
Viewer ID, which is stored on JW Player’s servers to identify a User. Other tracking technologies include pixel tags, web beacons, and scripts, and are used for ad delivery and reporting.
As with other Internet services, our web servers gather information automatically each time a User’s browser or device interacts with the JW Player Technology, and store that information in “
log files.
” The information stored in our web servers’ log files includes Usage Data and Tracking Data. The Usage Data and Tracking Data collected by the JW Player Technology include:
Information collected through tracking technologies.
Browser type and version.
User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Unique identifiers set by our tracking technologies to identify video players, Users, and video sessions.
If a User is accessing the JW Player Technology through a mobile phone, tablet, connected TV, set-top box, kiosk, virtual reality hardware, or other device: the type of device, unique device ID, device IP address, device operating system, and diagnostic data.
Information about how a User interacts with the JW Player Technology, such as the date and time of a User’s visit, the videos watched, and the time spent watching those videos.
Other aggregated information.
Note for visitors who access the JW Player Technology from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK:
Personal Data.
As previously noted, some elements of Usage Data and Tracking Data – for example, a visitor’s full Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the information that we associate with a unique identifier (like a cookie or other tracking technology) – are Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and we treat those elements as Personal Data when collected by the JW Player Technology from Users whose IP addresses are based in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK. Note that the JW Player Technology does not assign a Global ID to a User accessing the JW Player Technology from an EEA, Swiss or UK IP address. We will retain those elements of Usage Data and Tracking Data that are Personal Data under the GDPR for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required for the security or integrity of the JW Player Services or JW Player Technology, or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our legal agreements or policies.
Legal grounds for processing Personal Data on Customer Properties.
For Users who access the JW Player Technology from IP addresses in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we process the elements of Usage Data and Tracking Data that are considered Personal Data under the GDPR. The GDPR makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “
data controllers
”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “
data processors
”). When we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our customers in order to provide our services to them, as is the case with the JW Player Technology, we are a data processor and our customers, as the data controllers, have primary responsibility for your Personal Data and are responsible for obtaining a legal basis to collect such data. If you have questions about Personal Data that is used primarily by a Customer Property on which the JW Player Technology is embedded or utilized, you should contact those companies with your questions about how they handle your Personal Data.
With that in mind, if you have concerns about JW Player, you may contact our privacy officer, at
privacy@jwplayer.com
.
**Note for California Residents who visit our Customer Properties** Similar to the above, when our technology is employed on a website (or a mobile property or other service), we generally act as a “service provider” to the website provider for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act – i.e., providing them services to help them display, curate and/or integrate content shown through our player technology. Thus, if you If you have questions about personal information collected or used by a Customer Property on which the JW Player Technology is embedded or utilized, you should contact the particular website or content provider that you are engaging with. (If you have questions about information that we collect when you visit our Corporate Website(s), please go to SectionA(1).
b. How We May Use Usage Data and Tracking Data.
We use Usage Data and Tracking Data collected by the JW Player Technology for the following purposes:
Deliver video to Customer Properties, and ads on behalf of advertisers.
Recommend videos that a User may enjoy.
Prepare reports and analytics for our customers.
For our other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, diagnosing technical problems, operating, maintaining, enhancing and improving the JW Player Technology and JW Player Service, and developing new products and services.
As we believe appropriate for
Compliance Purposes
.
c. When We May Disclose Usage and Tracking Data.
We may disclose Usage Data and Tracking Data collected by the JW Player Technology for the following purposes:
Service Providers.
To third-party service providers who provide services such as hosting, data analysis, IT infrastructure, IT services, customer service, auditing, security, fraud, and other similar functions to us or our Customers. These third parties have access to User Usage and Tracking Data to perform these tasks on our behalf.
Transfer of Business.
To a third party to which we have transferred our business, assets or stock in the event that JW Player is involved in a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of some or all of our business, assets or stock, including during due diligence related to any such transaction (and also including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
As we believe appropriate for
Compliance Purposes
.
3. User Choices For The JW Player Technology
a. For Users who access the JW Player Technology from the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK: The Do Not Track Browser Setting.
Certain versions of the JW Player Technology support Do Not Track for Users in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. Do Not Track is a preference Users can set in their web browser to inform websites that they do not want to be tracked. Users can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of their web browser. We make reasonable efforts to maintain compatibility between our technology and Do Not Track functionality across different web browsers. However, you should be aware that, despite our reasonable efforts, there may be circumstances in which a particular Do Not Track setting is not recognized and honored.
Note that even if a User enables and JW Player recognizes Do Not Track, the JW Player Technology will continue to collect Usage Data about each visit to a Customer Property, because Usage Data are automatically sent by the User’s web browser. However, the Usage Data will not be associated with a unique identifier, and the JW Player Technology will not be able to associate such User Data collected with User.
b. Check Our Customers’ Privacy Policy.
Users interact with the JW Player Technology, because our Customers have implemented the JW Player Technology in their Customer Properties. We recommend that Users check the privacy policy of the Customer Properties that they visit for information about the user choices available from our Customers. Many Customer Properties use third-party advertising companies for interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising. If you want more information about these third-party advertising companies, please visit the ad industry choice mechanism at
www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
4. For Users Who Access The JW Player Technology From The EEA, Switzerland, And The UK: Transfer Of Information.
See Section A.6 for information regarding those elements of Usage Data and Tracking Data that are Personal Information under the GDPR.
5. SERVICE PROVIDERS.
We work with third parties that provide services and functionality for the JW Player Technology. These service providers may have access to Usage Data and Tracking Data of the JW Player Technology in order to perform tasks on our behalf. Occasionally, we may give our service providers explicit permission to use the Usage Data or Tracking Data to enhance the fraud-detection, security, or other features of their services.At our Customers’ instruction, we work with the service providers of our Customers. We may provide Usage Data and Tracking Data collected on a Customer Property to that Customer’s service providers.
C. Showcase Websites
1. Showcase Websites Are Powered By The JW Player Technology
JW Player owns and operates the JW Showcase websites at
www.jwshowcase.com
and
tv.jwplayer.com
, and from time to time creates and runs other owned-and-operated websites. These owned-and-operated websites (each, a “
Showcase Website
”) provide Users with video content prepared by JW Player and our Customers.
The Showcase Website is powered by the JW Player Technology. The JW Player Technology collects Usage Data and Tracking Data when a User visits a Showcase Website. Please refer to Section B for information about the Usage Data and Tracking Data collected by the JW Player Technology.
2. Service Providers
In addition to the service providers described in Section B.5., we use third-party advertising companies to facilitate advertising on the Showcase Websites. We allow these service providers to use their tracking technologies on the Showcase Websites so that ads appear on a ShowcaseWebsite. If you want more information about these third-party advertising companies, please visit the ad industry choice mechanism at
www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
D. Other Information
1. About Data Security
JW Player employs security measures to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of information collected by the Corporate Website, JW Player Websites, and JW Player Technology. However, no data transmission over the Internet or data security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
2. Links To Other Sites
Our Corporate Website, JW Player Websites, and JW Player Technology may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
3. Children’s Privacy
The Corporate Website, JW Player Websites, and JW Player Technology are not targeted to anyone under the age of 13 (“Child”). Wedo not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13, unless agreed in writing with a particular Customer. If we know that the Personal Data we have collected is from or about a Child, we place that Personal Data in a separate category for restrictive handling. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a Child without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
E. How to Contact JW Player
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
JWP, Inc.
530 7th Avenue, Suite 1906 New York, NY 10018
privacy@jwplayer.com
STATEMENT OF TCF COMPLIANCE
JWP, Inc., adheres to the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and is compliant with the Policies and Specifications therein. Our IAB Europe ID is 1046.
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize our communications with you. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Cookie Settings." By clicking “Accept and Continue,”, you consent to our use of cookies.
Privacy policy page.
Reject All
Accept and Continue
Cookies Settings
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Your Privacy
JW Player websites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with JW Player. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change your cookie preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
More information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel