Keep Me Signed In
Show Password
Forgot your password?
Didn't receive confirmation email?
PRODUCTS
Tournament Management
Golf Shop
Coach 360
CoachNow
Operation 36 Golf
Golfshot
SwingU
Trip Manager
Twilight Golf
Golf Hub
INTERNATIONAL
COMPANY
About Us
Executive Team
Partners
RESOURCES
News
Certification
Guides
Supplies
Live Leaderboards
Advertising Opportunities
CONTACT US
PRODUCTS
Tournament Management
Golf Shop
Coach 360
CoachNow
Operation 36 Golf
Golfshot
SwingU
Trip Manager
Twilight Golf
Golf Hub
INTERNATIONAL
COMPANY
About Us
Executive Team
Partners
RESOURCES
News
Certification
Guides
Supplies
Live Leaderboards
Advertising Opportunities
CONTACT US
SIGN IN
Golf Genius Software, Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May, 2020
Our Privacy Policy describes how Golf Genius Software, Inc. (“GGS”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses information about Users (as defined below) in connection with the Service (as defined below), and what choices Users have with respect to how we manage their information.  By using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept the privacy policies and practices set forth herein.  If you do not accept these policies and practices, then you should not use the Service.
This Privacy Policy applies to Customers and Users (as defined below) of Golf Genius Software branded products. Customers and Users of the United States Golf Association (USGA) Tournament Management service should refer to the USGA privacy policy, which can be found
here
.
Definitions
Customer
means an entity with which GGS has a commercial relationship. In most cases, this is a private golf club, a public golf facility, a resort or a golf association other than Affiliated Golf Associations (AGAs) of the USGA.  In some cases, the Customer is a natural person (“
Person
”), as is the case with users of our golf trip and golf league services. In such cases, the Person is both a Customer and a User.
User
is a Person who participates in or manages Customer golf events and for whom we may collect, retain and process User Data, including personally identifiable information (“
PII
”), such as name and email address, as supplied by a Customer or directly by a User.
User Data
is all data about a User that is provided to GGS directly by the User or indirectly by the Customer and can include PII.
Service
is the set of software platforms owned and managed by GGS and made available to Customers and Users.  The Service consists of:
A web based “Manager Site” accessed only by Customers to plan and execute golf tournaments or other events.
A web based “Portal” created by GGS  for every golf event and managed by the Customer that created the event and accessed by Users participating in the event or other Persons granted viewing access. The content on each Portal is determined solely by the Customer and may include registration forms defined by Customer to collect User Data, including PII and other User Data about Users other than the User populating the form (e.g., guests of the User).
A mobile app (iOS and Android) available to Customers and Users to enter scoring data, capture and upload photos and view event content.
The ability for a Customer to upload and download spreadsheets that contain User Data, to import User Data into GGS from other Customer IT systems, and to use GGS supplied APIs to import and export User Data.
User Data We Collect and Receive
We collect information provided by Users via Customer-designed registration forms on Portals. The only User Data required by GGS to provide the Service is a User's name, but the Customer can collect additional User Data by including other fields in Customer-designed registration forms.
User Data is often provided by Customers on behalf of Users via spreadsheets and synchronization to other Customer systems via APIs or by other means. The Customer is responsible for obtaining all legally required consents and authorizations from Users for whom Customer is supplying User Data to GGS.
GGS provides a credit card payment facility as part of our registration system that can be used by Customers to collect payments for events.  GGS only uses payment providers that allow us to process payments without any access whatsoever to the User's credit card information. Credit card details and receiving bank information flow directly from the User's browser to the payment processor. In some cases, the payment provider provides a “token” that we can later use to identify a User to the payment provider.
In order for us to provide the Service to Customers and Users, we may also collect User-related information other than User Data, including, for example, IP addresses and other device information, types of browsers used to access the Service, dates and times of access to the Service and “support tickets” submitted by Customers and Users.
How We Use Information
GGS does not own, control or direct the use of any User Data stored or processed by a Customer or User via the Service.
Only the Customer or User is entitled to access, retrieve and direct the use of such User Data. GGS is largely unaware of what User Data is actually being stored or made available by a Customer or User to the Service and does not directly access, share with others, sell, give away or use such User Data except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Under control of and at the direction of the Customer, we process User Data to provide the Service to Customers and Users.
We process User Data to better understand how Customers and Users access and use the Service so that we can better understand their needs and plan improvements to the Service.
We process User Data to communicate via email with Customers and Users for the purposes of educating them about the Service, communicating information about new features of the Service, and alerting them about planned outages for maintenance or new features.
We use Google Analytics to measure and evaluate access to and traffic on the Service, and create user navigation reports for our Service administrators. Google operates independently from us and has its own privacy policy, which we strongly suggest you review. Google may use the information collected through Google Analytics to evaluate Users' and Customers' activity on the Service on behalf of GGS. For more information, see
Google Analytics Privacy and Data Sharing
.
Google Analytics' opt-out browser add-on
designed for this purpose.
How We Share and Disclose User Data
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, share, transfer or otherwise intentionally disclose User Data to third parties. We do not disclose User Data to third parties for their marketing purposes.
With Your Consent: We may disclose User Data to third parties at your direction or if you otherwise consent to us doing so.
Information that You Make Publicly Available: Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a public profile page will be available to anyone who has access to such profiles.
Service Providers: We work with third-party service providers to provide components of the Service; these include, for example, hosting providers, email delivery, text message delivery, problem reporting and our knowledge base. These third parties may have access to and process User Data as part of providing those services for or to us. We limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and our contracts with them require them to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
Non-PII: We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise non-PII available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) for compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for legitimate business purposes; or (iii) to provide data to those who seek to better understand how golfers engage with the game (the USGA, for example).
Law Enforcement, Legal Process and Compliance: We may disclose User Data if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary (i) to comply with applicable laws, (ii) in response to a valid court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or (iii) to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
To Protect Us and Others: We may disclose User Data when we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights, enforce our contracts, or protect the rights, property, or safety of others.
Change of Ownership or Bankruptcy: We may disclose or otherwise transfer User Data to an acquirer, successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Data Retention
Customers organize data into events, and some User Data is stored as part of the data that Customers store about their events. To facilitate Customers accessing and analyzing data from past events, GGS does not delete any User Data associated with an event unless and until a Customer or User instructs us otherwise.
User Right to Access, Correct, and Delete User Data
We respect User privacy rights, and we provide Users with reasonable access to the User Data that we maintain for the purpose of providing the Service. For Users who have created a User account with GGS, a user profile is maintained, and Users can access their profile and make changes to their User Data. Users are able to correct inaccuracies in their data through their profile.
With respect to User Data that is stored with Customer event data, Users can request that such data be corrected or deleted by contacting the respective Customer. Customers can then correct or remove User Data or modify the data so that it does not contain PII, but in so doing may compromise the integrity of stored event data.  If a Customer cannot or does not correct or remove User Data at the request of a User, or if a User has any questions about, or requests relating to, GGS processing of their User Data, the User should contact us at dpo@golfenius.com.
Security
GGS takes steps designed to maintain the security of User Data, and takes commercially reasonable steps to protect such data from those who have no right to access this data, including encryption of all data stored in our databases, and encryption of data in transmission to user browsers or other systems.
However, given the nature of communications and information processing technology, GGS cannot guarantee that User Data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by those not authorized to access User Data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will provide notice to Customers and Users for whom we have email addresses.
Contact Us
In the event you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
dpo@golfgenius.com.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or maintain PII from any Person under the age of thirteen. No parts of the Service are directed to or designed to attract anyone under the age of thirteen.
Do Not Track
The Service does not support Do Not Track at this time. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit
www.donottrack.us
.
Additional Information for EU Users
We provide the Service from servers located in the United States. If you provide personal data to us we will transfer your personal data to the United States where our servers are located. We will only transfer your personal data to the United States through the use of appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission or with your consent. If the transfer of your personal data or processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you may contact us at
dpo@golfenius.com
to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent we will not be able to provide you with the Service.
We process User Data of our Customers to fulfill our contractual obligations to them. We will also process User Data as necessary to pursue our legitimate interest of providing the Service to our Customers. You may have the right to access your personal data, correct inaccuracies in your personal data, request the erasure of your personal data and restrict the processing of your personal data. For more information about how you can access, rectify and erase your personal data, please see the Section of this Privacy Policy entitled, “User Right to Access, Correct and Delete User Data,” above. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory data protection authority.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
3058214033539396243
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false