EGLS GAME Privacy Policy
EGLS GAME respect the privacy of its on-line visitors and recognize the importance of providing a secure environment
    for them. We have adopted a company wide On-Line Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store, and use the
    information you provide us. This Privacy Policy details how EGLS GAME safeguards the privacy of its on-line visitors
    and does not apply to information that may be collected by EGLS GAME off-line. Please note that when you link to
    other sites from a EGLSGAME website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities on,
    those other sites.
    If you are a visitor from outside the United States, the personal information you provide may be transferred to,
    stored, and processed within the United States or other countries where EGLS GAME maintains facilities or business
    operations.
What personal information is collected?
EGLS GAME only collects personal information on a voluntary basis. If an on-line visitor submits information to
    EGLS GAME, it will usually take the form of either: (1) the purchase of goods or services though our on-line
    stores, (2) product or account registration, or registration for on-line game participation, (3) player match-up
    services, (4) message boards or forums, (5) contest registrations, (6) a consumer complaint, (7) surveys, (8)
    customer service or technical support, and/or (9) newsletters. Personal information collected may include your
    name, home address, phone number, and/or e-mail address. We do not require this information to gain access to
    our sites, however, you will not be able to utilize certain products, services, or features that require
    registration or receive materials such as newsletters unless such information is provided.
Visitors purchasing products or services will be required to provide additional information such as a valid
    credit card number, expiration date, and shipping and billing addresses.
Please note that, depending on the EGLS GAME that you are visiting, many of the activities listed above may not
    be available and, as such, personal information may not be collected.
What other types of information may we collect?
For some activities, we may ask you to create a username and password and/or to provide other, non-personal
    information such as your age, date of birth, gender, and/or game and platform preferences; and, combine such
    information with your personal information. In addition, your web browser or client software may transmit
    certain geographic information or information regarding your computer (capabilities, game data processing, etc.)
    to EGLS GAME. EGLS GAME may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about our user community and
    may provide such information to advertisers and/or our partners. In addition, EGLS GAME may use such information
    for security, system integrity (the prevention of hacking, cheats, etc.), or enforcement purposes. From time to
    time, we may also post customer testimonials that contain personally identifiable information on EGLS GAME's
    websites.
How do we use your personal information?
The personal information you provide EGLS GAME will allow us to fulfill your product or service order; alert you
    of new products or services, features, or enhancements; handle/route your customer service or technical support
    questions or issues; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities, contests, promotions, or special events and
    offers. EGLS GAME may enhance or merge the personal information collected at a EGLS GAME with data from third
    parties in order to update your contact information, perform market analysis, or improve our products, services,
    or systems. EGLS may also provide your personal information to other companies or organizations that offer
    products or services that may be of interest to you. In such cases, we will notify you that the information will
    be shared and provide you with an opportunity to opt-out.
Lastly, we may use your personal information for internal marketing, profiling, or demographic purposes, so we
    can adapt our products and services to better suit your needs. We do this to better understand and serve our
    customers.
Please be advised that personal information submitted by individuals acting solely in a business capacity (e.g.,
    personal information contained in job applicant's resume) is not subject to the uses set forth above or to any
    other practices stated in this Privacy Policy.
What type of communications may I receive?
Special Offers and Updates
We will occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals, and promotions. Out of respect
    for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the “Choice”
    section below.
Service-related Announcements
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For
    instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you
    may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
Customer Service
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify
    your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the
    services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in
    accordance with your wishes.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 28, 2014