Meet the Meteorologist
Close
What's your favorite weather phenomena?
What got you interested in the weather?
Preferences
Close
You have denied permissions to use cookies for preferences. If you have done this by mistake, please clear your cookie data for our site to be prompted once again.
Units
keyboard_arrow_up
keyboard_arrow_down
Temperature
Fahrenheit (°F)
Celsius (°C)
Wind Speed
Miles per hour (mph)
Kilometers per hour (km/h)
Meters per second (m/s)
Knots (kts)
Rainfall
Inches (")
Millimeters (mm)
Snowfall
Inches (")
Centimeters (cm)
Pressure
Inches of mercury (")
Millibars (mb)
Visibility
Miles (mi)
Kilometers (km)
Audio
keyboard_arrow_up
keyboard_arrow_down
Preferred Voice
Paul Trambley
Derek Heit
Jennifer Wojcicki
Laura Lockwood
Ray Miller
Music Style
Default
Urban
Rock
Country
Light
No Music
Maps
keyboard_arrow_up
keyboard_arrow_down
Map Style
Topographic
Streets
National Geographic
Oceans
Gray
Dark Gray
Imagery
Imagery (Clarity)
Imagery (Firefly)
Shaded Relief
Reset All to Defaults
Cookie settings
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. They also allow us to analyze user behavior in order to constantly improve the website for you. Please see our
privacy policy
to learn more about how and why we use cookies.
Accept All
Accept Selection
Reject All
Necessary
Analytics
Preferences
Marketing
Maps+Radar
Radar
Satellite
Alerts
Temperatures
Rainfall
Snowfall
Tropical
Active Weather
Trending
Apps
Maps+Radar
Radar
Satellite
Alerts
Temperatures
Rainfall
Snowfall
Tropical
Active Weather
Trending
Apps
Weatherology.com™
Privacy Policy
PLEASE
READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING WEATHEROLOGY.COM, THE RELATED
WEBSITES AND/OR MOBILE APPLICATIONS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SITE"). YOUR
ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREEMENT TO ABIDE BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
GOVERNING YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND ANY MATERIALS CONTAINED HEREIN IS A
CONDITION OF YOUR RIGHTS TO FURTHER ACCESS ANY AND ALL MATERIALS CONTAINED ON
OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY,
PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Weatherology
Mobile, LLC, a Minnesota limited liability company, and/or its affiliates or
subsidiaries ("Weatherology"®), wants to assure that visitors to and
users of Weatherology sites, including the wired sites, the mobile sites, and
applications whether using or not using the http://www.weatherology.com/sites
(jointly and severally referred as the “Site”), are provided with appropriate
information and choice mechanisms to make and implement informed decisions on
using the Site, including but not limited to providing Personally Identifiable
Information (“PII”).
Your
use of the Site indicates your consent and acknowledgement to the practices
described in this Privacy Policy.
Weatherology
is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. As Weatherology expands its
offerings and as technology evolves, we may, from time to time, update our
privacy practices to address these. Please check this page on a regular basis
for updates to this Privacy Policy. THE WEATHEROLOGY SITES, AND THE PRODUCTS,
SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THESE SITES, MAY NOT BE
APPROPRIATE FOR USE BY CHILDREN.
What
Weatherology Collects About You
.
Weatherology collects information on the Site during the registration process
and through your use of the Site for business purposes that will allow it to
better and more efficiently serve you. Weatherology’s personalization,
interactive communications, online commerce and other types of services, allow it
to deliver better service and content that is relevant to its user base. Some
uses Weatherology makes of this information are processing and verifying
subscriptions, billing, and providing you with up-to-date information on the
newest Weatherology products. Third parties, providers, advertisers and vendors
("Providers") may be utilized by Weatherology in conjunction with the
operation of the Site and the products, services, and advertising related
thereto. These Providers may also collect information.
You
may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you or allows Weatherology
and/or its Providers to contact you. Generally this information is requested
when you are asked to register for fee-based services, although some free
products and services may also request or require registration. You may be
asked to provide PII such as your name, address and email address, as well as to
select a username and password (if one is not selected for you by Weatherology).
You may be asked for information that is not considered PII, such as a
zip/postal code and/or country of origin. As a registered subscriber or user,
you may be able to download software, enter contests, order e-mail newsletters
or participate in additional services. In addition to the PII obtained at
registration, you may be asked for information at other times, such as when you
make a purchase or register for a service on or through the Site, when you
submit a listing for a website or when you report a problem with one of Weatherology’s
Sites or services. However, whenever you voluntarily disclose PII online - for
example on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas - that information
can be collected and used by others.
In
addition to the information that you may proactively provide or voluntarily
disclose, your mere use of the Site may result in the assignment of unique
identifying numbers and/or codes that may be used to allow Weatherology and its
Providers and others who assist Weatherology in the support of the Site and the
products and services offered on the Site, including advertisers, to track your
web browsing movements across the Internet and not just on the Site. This type
of information is considered User Data (as defined below). By using the Site,
you acknowledge and consent to such activity.
To
provide location-based services, Weatherology and its partners and licensees
utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect, use, and/or
share precise location data (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or
information that can be used to approximate a location (such as a cell ID),
including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device.
This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally
identify you and is used by Weatherology and its partners and licensees to
provide and improve location-based products and services. By accepting Weatherology's
Privacy Policy and/or by using Weatherology's products and/or services, you
consent to use by Weatherology and its Providers, partners and licensees of
such geographic tracking technologies.
If
you contact Weatherology, it may keep a record of that correspondence and may
prompt you for further information, depending on the nature of the contact. Weatherology
may also occasionally ask that you voluntarily participate in certain
promotions, surveys or contests (“Special Programs”), or enable automatic entry
into such Special Programs via log-on entries. At such times, Weatherology may
disclose your PII to sponsors of a Special Program, and it may or may not
describe this to you prior to transferring the data. Special Programs may also
be subject to additional or different terms, or may be shared or used in a
slightly different way. If different terms do apply, details of the specific
terms and conditions or rules for these Special Programs may or may not be
provided by posting to the Sites or upon registration for the Special Program,
on a case-by-case basis, subject to Weatherology's terms for sharing PII.
To
the extent unique information, which is not in itself PII, such as personal
profile, anonymous identifier(s), demographic information, behavioral
information, browser identifiers, session information, device type, carrier
provider, unique device ID, UUID/UDID, carrier user ID, websites visited, IP
address and traffic data, is associated with PII, then such unique information
shall NOT be considered PII, but shall be considered User Data. Additionally,
PII does NOT include information that is collected anonymously (i.e. without
identification of the individual user) or demographic or behavioral information
that is not connected to or correlated with an identified individual.
Why
Weatherology Wants to Know
.
It is important for Weatherology to know its users. Weatherology delivers
valuable products and services and is able to do so through the use of
Providers, such as advertisers, to produce the income Weatherology needs to
operate the free areas of the Site. Providers are like most businesses in that
they want something in return for the money they spend advertising on the Site.
They may want to know how many people will see their advertisements and how
often. The advertising companies may use information (including or not
including PII) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may
also employ, among other things, cookies, web beacons and
FlashCookies/HTML5/local storage/mini databases in furtherance of their
services to Weatherology.
Vendors and Third Party Providers
.
To make the Site more valuable to its customers and visitors, Weatherology may
offer some products, services or features in conjunction with Providers. Many
wireless products, for example, may be made available through cooperative
arrangements with Providers who offer specialized products, information or
services that work well with the Site, products and services. In some
instances, Weatherology Providers may have the same access to your PII as Weatherology
does. Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective
privacy policies or statements, which you may find on their respective websites.
Weatherology
uses third-party companies to serve advertisements when you visit the Site.
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
You may go to the websites and policies of our Providers to find out more about
technologies utilized by them in the course of providing services to the Site.
Links
to Provider Sites
.
Occasionally, you may seek access to certain products and/or services on the Site
that are only available through third parties, either through their own
websites or on websites hosted by or linked to the Site. When ordering,
registering for or purchasing products or services from these Providers, you
may at times be entering into an agreement with that Provider, and not with Weatherology,
and supplemental Provider Terms may apply. You should read and understand the
Provider’s terms of use and policies before using their website or entering
into agreements with them, since they may differ substantially from this Privacy
Policy and other applicable Weatherology Terms and Conditions. Weatherology is
not responsible for and does not endorse or accept any responsibility over the
contents or use of any Provider sites, products and/or services and is not
responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any
linked or hosted site. You should contact the Providers directly should you
have any questions or concerns relating to the terms of use and privacy
policies of our Providers' websites. Weatherology may provide information and
contact information about its Providers in this policy or on the Site, but it
takes no responsibility to have a complete list of these nor to ensure that the
contact information is correct or accurate. The information is provided for
convenience only, but it is your responsibility to seek out and contact such
entities.
Online
Behavioral Advertising
.
The Site may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral Advertising, data
collection and use practices (“OBA”). This means that certain information
regarding your Internet viewing behaviors or practices, over periods of time
and perhaps involving websites or applications that are not the Site, may be
used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to you.
Cookies
.
The Site may be designed to utilize cookies for optimal user performance.
Cookies and other types of identifiers may also be included for purposes of
collecting anonymous traffic data (e.g. how may people come to the Site, how
often, etc.). Such cookies or identifiers may be placed by Weatherology or by
third parties who perform services for Weatherology. Cookie preferences may be
found under web browser settings. Generally speaking, you may modify browser
preferences to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or to
reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to
use many of Weatherology's products and services. Some sections of the Site may
require that you log on in order to continue to use specific goods or services
offered through Weatherology’s network because it does not want cookies to
replace security measures that you would otherwise take for yourself, your PII
and your data. Some of these services include certain software applications and
fee-based services, and some Internet activities that require more than an IP
Address to continue.
Web
Beacons
.
Web beacons may also
be found on the Site. Web beacons are used to monitor user navigation to tailor
the Site to subscribers’ or users' preferences and enhance the Site's
offerings.
FlashCookies/HTML5
Software/Local Storage/Mini databases
.  The Site
may utilize flashcookies/HTML5 software and/or local storage and/or mini
databases in conjunction with the use of the Site and the targeting of
advertising to the users of the Site. Many handheld mobile devices use these
technologies in conjunction with the mobile browsers on the devices. Many
mobile devices use these technologies that allow for the storage of information
on the mobile devices and, in effect, allow the enhancement of internet
browsing as well as other uses including but not limited to targeting
advertisements. The flashcookies/HTML5/local storage/mini databases
technologies also allow the device to track a user's web browsing movements
across the Internet and not just on one particular website. Weatherology and
its Providers may utilize one or more of these technologies and others on the Site.
Security
.
Anytime a credit card is requested for processing orders through the Site, the
user transaction containing the credit card information may be encrypted using
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL provides strong encryption to all
digital information as it crosses the Internet. While on a secure page, such as
on order forms, the lock button on the bottom of web browsers such as Netscape
Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to
unlocked or open when you are just surfing or in other areas of the Site.
Age
/ Use by Minor
.
Weatherology
does not intend to collect any PII from children through the Site. Please do
not allow children under the age of 18 to provide any PII, ask questions or
participate in chat rooms related to the Site. If Weatherology is notified that
a child under the age of 18 has provided PII, it will delete that information
as soon as reasonably possible. If you become aware that a child under the age
of 18 has provided such information, please send a detailed email to
legal@weatherology.com
so Weatherology can delete said information.
Password
Security Access to Certain Portions of the Site are Password-Protected so that You
and only You Will Have Access to the Site as a Subscriber
.
It may be necessary for Weatherology, its employees, contractors or Providers
working on behalf of Weatherology, to access the Site using your subscriber
information to provide you with support or to perform certain maintenance
tasks. This access happens on an as-needed basis only.
Electronic
Registration
.
When
you access or install a new product or service, you may be asked to register
electronically. Your registration information will be merged with any information
you have already provided (collectively, a “Profile”). If you have not
previously registered within the Site, a Profile may be created for you from
your product registration information. If you have not already registered by
giving Weatherology your PII, you will be asked to do so to ensure that only you
can access the product or services. Upon satisfactory completion of your
registration information, Weatherology authorizes users to access and use the Site
and its products and services subject to the Site’s Terms and Conditions and
this Privacy Policy. You shall maintain the confidentiality of any username and
password. If there is a breach of the confidentiality of a password or username
assigned to you, or any breach of security through your account, then you shall
notify Weatherology's customer assistance center immediately by contacting Weatherology
at
legal@weatherology.com
.
Terms
for Sharing PII
.
In
special circumstances, Weatherology may opt to access or disclose PII when
there is reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to
identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Weatherology's
Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, any applicable End User License
Agreement, Provider or Subscription Terms, or when there is reason to believe
an individual may be causing injury to or interference with (either
intentionally or unintentionally) Weatherology's rights or property, other Site
users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Weatherology may
then opt to disclose or access PII in good faith in circumstances where required
by law and for administrative and other purposes that it deems necessary to
maintain, service, and improve the Site and its products and services. Weatherology
may also be requested to disclose PII to law enforcement authorities or as may
be required by subpoena.
From
time to time, Weatherology may share data regarding the users of the Site and
the use of Weatherology’s services and Weatherology may also combine a user's
use and purchasing habits through the Site and its Providers' sites to create a
personalized user profile so it can tailor the Site to its users' preferences
and enhance the Site's offerings (collectively, “User Data”). There may also be
other instances where Weatherology has determined that sharing User Data with
third parties would maximize Weatherology's ability to better serve users.
Should this occur, no PII will be included in these types of statistics.
Since
Weatherology uses Providers to ship products or perform customized products
and/or services offered or accessed through the Site or its Providers' sites,
and a credit card processing company to bill some users for goods and services,
Weatherology may need to disclose PII to complete certain business
transactions. Users may also require that Weatherology bill for services via
invoicing, purchase order or through Providers, such as mobile/wireless
carriers or internet storefronts. Under these circumstances, Weatherology may
be required to share the user's PII to obtain a credit report with a reporting
agency or to complete the order processing to serve the user. Weatherology may
request that these Providers do not retain, share, store or use PII for any
secondary purposes.
Weatherology
is in the business of providing and hosting weather information products,
services, and other related products and services as a service to its users. As
such, User Data is also considered, a “customer list”, and as such, is a
valuable asset to any company subject to legal protection and regulation under
federal and state laws as a property interest. Accordingly, User Data will be
subject to all customary rights and protections afforded to property owners
under these laws. Such rights customarily include the right to transfer the
information during the sale of assets to or merger with third parties, and to
routinely share such information with affiliates of Weatherology.
Excepting
PII collected during the purchasing or registration process, User Data may be
used by Weatherology or Providers to, among other things, retrieve or create
the product or service that you have requested or for such business purposes as
Weatherology and/or its providers may determine in its sole discretion, without
resort to a reasonableness standard. Please be advised that this User Data may
be stored by Weatherology or its Providers as “preferences” or otherwise and
used without restriction. Further, all information submitted is and becomes the
exclusive property of Weatherology and by submitting material to Weatherology,
you accept responsibility for its accuracy, appropriateness and legality. Other
than as set out above, you may receive notice when PII might go to third
parties, and within such notice you may find the information about your
opportunity to choose not to share the PII.
If
for some reason you believe that Weatherology has not adhered to these stated
principles, please notify Weatherology at
legal@weatherology.com
, and it will
work to determine the issue and correct the problem. Your concerns should be
detailed in a communication including enough identifying information to permit
someone to contact you in case further information is required to troubleshoot
your concerns.
Last Modified:  May, 2018
© 2017-2025