Privacy
By using 24me and/or 'Complete' mobile application, you agree to be bound by the 24me application's (the "Site") Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy describes how 24me Ltd. ("we" or "our" or "24me") handle your personal information on 24me and/or ‘Complete' mobile application (the "Application").
Overview
This Privacy Policy explains how Personal Information (as defined below) is collected, used, and disclosed. We respect your privacy and ask you to respect the privacy of others.
By using our Site and/or the Services, you accept the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you visit the Site or provide us information via Services (the "Services") or otherwise, you agree that you are consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive notification (including by e-mail), all as further described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Site's Terms of use (the "Terms of Use"). If a term is capitalized and is not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, it shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Terms of Use.
In this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information", means any and all information about you that is personally identifiable to you (your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number) as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing, and "Non-Personal Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. Non-Personal Information does not enable identification of, or contact with, individual persons.
What information do we collect?
When you use this Application, we may collect and store some or all of the following: Your name, email address,  profile picture, specific info from your contact list such as phone numbers and email addresses of contacts you select to attach to events and tasks, and correspondence sent via the Application and information about how you interact with the  Application and our Site.
How do we use cookies, and how do we collect information?
A “cookie” is a small text file that a website can send to your computer's browser. It's like an internet user's identification card, which tells a website when a user is re-visiting the site. Their ability is limited to containing and transferring to the website as much information as the users have disclosed to that site. Cookies can't read or interfere with other information saved on your hard drive.
We use cookies on certain of our pages to help analyze our web page flow, Site usage, and customize our services and content.We use them also to deliver to you any administrative notices or alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Services,tofulfill your requests for certain Services, for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity; in connection with a merger, sale of substantially all of our assets, or corporate reorganization; and to enforce our Terms of Service and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy .We use the cookies also to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status. Most cookies are "session cookies" which exist only during one session and they disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. Except as noted above, we do not and will not share, sell or rent your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time.
If you have chosen to identify yourself in this website, we will use session cookies containing encrypted information to uniquely identify you. Each time you log into the Service, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed in your browser. Session cookies are required to use the Service.
We use persistent cookies that only we can read and use to identify browsers that have previously visited this website. When you use the Service or provide us with personal information, a unique identifier is assigned to you. This unique identifier is associated with a persistent cookie that we place on your Web browser. We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies (we do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies). If you disable your Web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate in this websites, but you will not be able to use the Service.
Most computers are set up to automatically accept cookies. However, you can reset your browser settings to refuse cookies, or alert you when a cookie is being sent so you can choose whether or not to accept it.
How do we use information collected?
We use the non-personal information (such as how you interact with the Application) collected to operate and improve our applications, sites, services, and tools. We will use the personal information shared through the Application to help users organize, invite, donate, track, and acknowledge contributions, as well enable the transaction to be completed.
We may use the information you provide about yourself and about your Third Party Sites (as such term is defined below) to fulfill your requests for our programs, and Services, to respond to your inquiries about our Services, and to offer you other, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
In order to allow you to use our Services, we may be required to verify your identity. We may, directly or through third parties, use information you provide to get a credit report or to verify information you provide through certain sources or third party databases. We may also use your information to verify your identity in the event you contact us for assistance with the Site or Services.
We may also use your information to pre-fill form fields on the Sites for your convenience.
In certain situations, we may use or share your personal information in order investigate, prevent, defend against, or take other action regarding violations of our Terms of Service, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the legal rights or physical safety of any person or the security of our network, Sites or Services,to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, in an emergency, to protect the health and safety of our Sites' users or the general public, or as otherwise required by law, to respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third parties.
We may use your information for internal analysis such as analyzing user behavior in aggregate for research and marketing purposes. 24me may also aggregate transaction data and disclose such data only in aggregate and in a non-personally identifiable manner to third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. Aggregated information does not identify you individually.We may outsource some tasks to other companies or third parties and may share your information with those companies or third parties if reasonably necessary to enable them to assist in fulfilling the requests you make or the transactions you conduct via the Sites, including the operation of certain Site functions and Services that require access to information you supply online. In such cases, if such affiliated companies or third parties acting on our behalf are given access to the information you have supplied to us, we require that the companies abide by our privacy policy and institute safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your information.
When you visit our Site, we may collect technical and navigational information, such as Internet protocol address, computer browser type, pages visited, and average time spent on our Site. This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues, or it may be analyzed to improve our web design and functionality.
Any feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, or the like that you send to 24me will be treated as being non- confidential and nonproprietary, and 24me will be free to use such information for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, and marketing services incorporating the information.
If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, or in the event of a merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, we may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us. Such third parties will assume responsibility for the personal information collected by us in connection with our business operations or through our Sites and such third parties will assume the rights and obligations regarding such information as described in this Privacy Policy.
When you use the mobile versions of our Site, we may collect the unique device identifier assigned to that device by phone makers, carriers, or makers of the operating system (the "Device ID"). Device IDs allows to uniquely identifying your device for purposes of storing application preferences and data. We may use your Device ID for security purposes. For example, if you have activated a feature that limits access to a Service from a specific device, our systems will access the Device ID from each device you attempt to access the Service with to determine if the device is the specific authorized device. Additionally, we may use Device IDs to monitor suspicious activity. For example, if we detect that a single account on a Site is being accessed from multiple devices, as determined by tracking the Device IDs that access an account, we may contact the user to ensure that such access has been authorized by the user. Advertisements that appear to you via a Site may be delivered by third party advertisers who may access your Device ID, but we do not provide these advertisers any of your personal information. These advertisers may use the Device ID for purposes of determining appropriate advertisements to display to you on a Site. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of Device IDs by any advertisers.
Bill Payment Service
With regard to bill payments, 24me is an interface site. All bill payments are made by PageOnce.com ("PageOnce"). By using the Application you agree to PageOnce's Privacy Policy
We limit the information we collect
24me may collect the following categories of personal information about you through the Site: (a) Registration Information: When you register for a Service, such as an email address and password. (b) Identification Information: identification information to confirm your identity, including your first and last name, zip code and phone number. (c) Payment Account Information: For certain of our Services, including our bill payment service (the "Bill Payment Service"), you will be required to provide your checking account number and routing number, credit card number, expiration date and, credit card security code if you wish to use your credit card to make payments through our Bill Payment Service. (d) Third Party Credentials: passwords, usernames, account numbers, and other account information for third party sites and Internet services ("Third Party Sites"). (e) Information from Third Party Sites: In order to display information to you through a Service, we may collect, on your behalf, your account and other personal information from Third Party Sites that you register under your account via the Service. For example, if you register your bank account with us, we will aggregate your bank information via our Site in order to present it to you. If you choose to access bills online through our Services, we may store a PDF or HTML representation of your bills on our servers. If you use our mobile application we may collect the IP address, unique identifier of the device, operating system version and app version for the purpose of providing you with our services. We do not ask you for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile apps or services.
Third parties
This Application may utilize social networking or “share functionality” or may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by 24me Ltd. We have no control over any share functionality or the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party site. You are subject to the policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to anyone. Additionally, the Sites may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
The Sites and/or Application may contain third party advertisements or offers that are complementary to your use of 24me that may be custom matched to you based on information you provided to the Site, queries made through the Site or other information. If you choose to use these separate products or services, disclose information to the providers, or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their privacy policies. You should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services.
We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online promotions or determine Site activity. We do not share any personally identifiable information about our users with these third parties, and these third parties do not collect such information on our behalf. Additionally we may utilize third party ad serving networks and their associated tracking functionality to deliver more targeted advertising to our users and to optimize customer acquisition efforts.
24me's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Amazon Alexa
The Application allows you to use your Alexa-enabled device (e.g., Amazon Echo) by voice, to access certain functionalities of the Application. Those functionalities (the “Skill”) are used by speaking commands and questions aloud to Amazon’s Alexa service (“Alexa”), and receiving responses aloud. Any communication to the Application via Alexa will be treated by the Application as a communication authorized by you, and any communication from the Application via Alexa in response to a request received from your Alexa-enabled device will be treated by the Application as a communication to you. In other words, you are responsible for all of the interactions with the Application via the Skill. Consult your agreements with Amazon to learn more about how Amazon and your Alexa-enabled device treat those interactions.
Accessing, reviewing and changing your personal information
You can see, review and change most of your personal information through the Application. Generally, we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely.
Security and information protection
We use many tools to help protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure however, since the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private when using this Application.
We are not responsible for any damages which you, or others, may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of such information.
We maintain the security of your online session and we are protecting the Application accounts and systems from unauthorized access. We take all necessary precautions to protect your information. To this end all personal information stored by us is kept on a server in a secure environment. Only employees, our partners and any sub-contractors who need the information to perform a specific service are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Emails from which you may "Opt-Out"
24me provides users periodic Site-related notifications, newsletters, or other information via email. Users may elect to stop receiving such messages at their discretion. If you no longer wish to receive periodic email updates from 24me, you may update your account preferences on the Site. You may also follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email. However, please note that certain Services-related email messages that we send users are necessary for the proper functioning and use of the Services, and users who participate in such Services do not have the ability to opt-out of such email messages.
No guarantees
While this Privacy Statement expresses 24me standards for protection of personally identifiable information, 24me is not in a position to guarantee that the standards will always be met. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in unintentional disclosure of data. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. In the unfortunate event that your "personally identifiable information" (as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised, we may notify you by email (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last email address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation
Policy regarding children
The services available through our website are NOT intended for children under the age of 18. 24me does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 18 and believes that minors should get their parents' consent before giving out any personal information.If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at support@twentyfour.me. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18 may review and request deletion of such child's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof.
Changes to your personal information
Your data belongs to you, and you can remove it anytime you want. To cancel your Application account and delete all account information associated with your account, use the Delete Account function in the Application, or send an email to support@twentyfour.me. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers. Despite such removal, portions of your data may remain on our production and back-up servers indefinitely.
Public forums
We may offer chat rooms, blogs, message boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Site can communicate. Any personally identifiable information you submit on a forum, blog, message board, or chat room on a Site can be viewed and used by other users, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personal information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Sites. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@twentyfour.me. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Privacy Policy changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will take effect immediately for new users and upon the expiration of thirty (30) days after notification for current users. If you do not agree to any changes, please discontinue using this Application. Any use of this Application after being given notice that a change has been implemented constitutes your acceptance of such change.