Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
admin
2019-01-28T06:04:51+09:00
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 13, 2018
Aribada Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) is the developer of NetAdmin Pro, MIB Browser, PhotoMap, IP Trackers, Viewer for YouTube, QHanja (한자공부Q),  漢字筆順Q and etc (hereinafter referred to as the “App”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data.
By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
App
: App means the applications developed by Aribada Inc.
Personal Data
: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
: Usage Data is data collected automatically generated by the use of the App.
Information Collection and Use
NetAdmin Pro:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
MIB Browser:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
PhotoMap:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
NetAdmin:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
IP Trackers:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
Viewer for YouTube:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
한자공부Q:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
漢字筆順Q:
We do not knowingly collect or make use of any Personal Data when you use our App.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Aribada Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Aribada Inc may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
We do not knowingly retain any Personal Data.
Transfer of Data
We do not knowingly transfer to — or maintain — Personal Data on any computers.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Aribada Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the App
To protect the personal safety of users of the App or the public
To protect against legal liability
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Aribada Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Aribada Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our App (“Service Providers”), provide the App on our behalf, perform App-related services or assist us in analyzing how our App is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our App or on our website, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
support@aribada.com
Go to Top