Privacy policy
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted. We will announce any material changes to this Privacy Notice via email, if a user has stored an email address in their profile.
We collect, process and retain personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you may use when you: use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in university or extension events or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services.
The personal information we collect includes the following:
Personal information
"Personal information" is information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that specific person whether from that data or from that data and other information that the University of Missouri has or is likely to have access to. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
Changes to this notice
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted. We will announce any material changes to this Privacy Notice via email, if a user has stored an email address in their profile.
We collect, process and retain personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you may use when you: use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in university or extension events or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services.
The personal information we collect includes the following:
Personal information you give us when you use our Services or register for an account with us
Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us.
Other content that you generate, or that is connected to your account (such as adding items to your shopping cart, adding/modifying/deleting interest area selections or adding/modifying/deleting email preferences.
Financial information (such as credit card or bank account numbers) in connection with a transaction.
Postage, billing and other information used to purchase and receive an item, as well as, where postal services are provided through one of our programs, information required to clear customs (such as Tax ID or other identification numbers) and relevant postage information (such as tracking numbers and tracking updates).
In some instances, when you use our Services, you may provide age, gender, demographic information or interests and favorites.
You may also provide us other information through a web form, by updating or adding information to your account or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services.
Additional information we are required or authorized by applicable national laws to collect and process in order to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information we have collected.
Personal information we collect automatically when you use our Services or register for an account with us
We also collect information about your interaction with our Services, your web viewing or services selections, and your communications with us. This is information we receive from the devices (including mobile devices) you use when you use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services. This information comprises the following: Device ID or unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising and unique device token.
Geo-location information, including location information from your mobile device. Keep in mind that most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services by any application on your mobile device in the device's settings' menu.
Computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information.
Personal information we collect using cookies, web beacons and similar technologies
We use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on our Services, within our advertising or email content.
We may allow you to share information with social media sites, or use social media sites to create your account or to connect your account with the respective social media site. Those social media sites may give us automatic access to certain personal information retained by them about you (e.g., content viewed by you or content liked by you). You control the personal information you allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the applicable social media site and the permissions you give us when you grant us access to your personal information retained by the respective social media site about you. By associating an account managed by a social media site with your account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use and retain the information provided by these social media sites in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Individual or participant data will never be sold or shared with third party service providers. Information may be shared within MU Extension or the University of Missouri System.