Home
Digital Channels
Akbank Mobile
Akbank Mobile
Akbank Mobile
Easy Addressing System
Akbank Mobile
Page Image
Page Content
​​​​Akbank Mobile application brings your bank to your pocket.
​​​​
Nearest Akbank
Akbank Mobile
Nearest Akbank
Akbank Mobile
Sayfa İçeriği 2
With Akbank Mobile, your bank is now in your pocket!
Easily download and install the Akbank app on your mobile phone or tablet and begin banking right away. Carry out money transfers, investment transactions and foreign currency transactions and pay invoices, loans and credit card bills.
Features
Enjoy a unique banking experience with:
A customizable homepage
Easy-to-use single password log in process
The option to log in using credit card information
​Even non-Akbank customers can download the app and benefit from the Nearest Akbank and Foreign Exchange Calculator options.
Security
Please use your personal phone or tablet to download and use the application.
Do not use the application on jailbroken or rooted devices .
Do not download the applications from unknown or unlicensed sources.
Please use a licensed and up to date AntiVirus software on your devices.
Please make sure of using the most recent version of the application.
The user assumes responsibility for any associated risks or problems when access to Akbank Mobile is achieved through the use of Internet-equipped computers and/or mobile devices with alternative network settings or connection applications (such as VPN-Virtual Private Network, DNS settings, Tor browser etc.).
Log in using the customer account number, security code, username, Akbank Mobile password and the MobilePass sent via SMS to your mobile phone.
Please call Telephone Banking 444 25 25 / 0850 222 25 25 if any different information is requested of you before entering any of that information.
Avoid using easily predictable personal details, such as your name or date of birth, when creating your username and password.
Avoid disclosing or writing down your personal details and password. Do not reply to e-mails requesting such personal information, and know that Akbank will never request your personal details via e-mail.
Avoid using the same username and password for multiple accounts. For instance, choose a different password for Akbank Mobile than the one you use for your e-mail account or to log in to your computer.
Avoid replying to e-mails sent by any entity masquerading (phishing) as Akbank for fraudulent purposes by using Akbank’s name and visual identity. Avoid accessing Akbank Mobile by clicking on links provided in e-mails.
Know that we will never ask our customer to provide private information via e-mail, and we never send e-mails asking for customer passwords or other such details.
Avoid replying to e-mails sent for seemingly fraudulent purposes, and do not click on the links provided in such e-mails or open their attachments. Please delete these e-mails immediately and, if you have clicked on their links or opened attachments, please call 444 25 25 / 0850 222 25 25 and inform of us of this security breach immediately.
If you do not receive your MobilePass within three minutes of requesting it, make sure that the message memory of your mobile phone is not full and that you have mobile reception. If you still have not received your MobilePass after addressing these issues, request it again. Your account will become blocked if you enter an incorrect MobilePass three consecutive times.
Read the MobilePass SMS sent to you via Akbank Mobile carefully before conducting transactions.
To verify whether any third party has used your accounts, please check the Last 3 Transactions section as well as the time and date of latest transaction in the Last Visited field on the Akbank Mobile homepage.
Use the Safe Log Out button when leaving Akbank Mobile ​to ensure utmost security.
Please contact your GSM operator in case of loss or theft of your SIM card.
Please contact Akbank in case of chaning your SIM card in order to receive the required information for using the application.
​​In case of loss or theft of your device; please disable Mobile Banking access via the Personal Settings menu login to Akbank Internet platform or call Akbank Telephone Banking (444 25 25 / 0850 222 25 25) for assistance.
​