الرئيسية
إمكانيات التطبيق
كيفية الاستخدام
معرض الصور
آراء المستخدمين
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 13, 2017
El-Mohafez ("us", "we", or "our") operates th El-Mohafez mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal Data when you use our Service.
We will not collecting, saving or sharing any personal Data with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We collect some data anonymously to be used in research purposes and enhancing app features 
								only 
								and it will be optional and with your permissions in accordance with this policy. 
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to using device microphone for recording your recitations of verses. but it will be optional and with your permissions.
Security
The security of your Personal Data is important to us, 
								   but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, 
								   or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. 
								   While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. As such we make no warranties as to the level of security afforded to your data, except that we will always act in accordance with the relevant UK and EU legislation.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. 
							   If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. 
							   We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. 
								If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, 
								please contact us. 
								If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Jurisdiction
This Policy shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, 
								 without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
* If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
ShareThis Copy and Paste