Disclaimer
The content on this site, including news, quotes, data and other information, is provided “as is” by bdnews24.com and its third party content providers for your personal information only, and is not intended for commercial use nor for trading or investing purposes. Content on this site is not appropriate for the purposes of making a decision to carry out a transaction or trade. Nor does it provide any form of advice (investment, tax, legal) amounting to investment advice, or make any recommendations regarding particular financial instruments, investments or products.
bdnews24.com and its third party providers disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality or fitness of the information for a particular purpose. Neither bdnews24.com nor its third party providers shall be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site and its contents, in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness and reliability or otherwise. Although bdnews24.com makes reasonable efforts to obtain reliable content from third parties, bdnews24.com does not guarantee the accuracy of or endorse the views or opinions given by any third party content provider. This site may point to other Internet sites that may be of interest to you; however bdnews24.com does not endorse or take responsibility for the content on such other sites.
bdnews24.com does not warrant that this website or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free. Users assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction due to their use of this website.
Privacy
The personal data collected on this site, notably through electronic subscription forms, are for the exclusive use of bdnews24.com, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and cannot be disclosed or sold to third parties. The users of this website have the rights of access, opposition and correction of the data they have disclosed. As a result, the user's personal data can be corrected, completed, updated or erased, if required, to the bdnews24.com commercial service.
bdnews24.com makes reasonable efforts to implement technology and security features in order to safeguard the privacy of its users from loss, unauthorised access or improper use.
bdnews24.com may store your information in its databases, such as a Customer Relationship database, for reference. The information may be retained and used by bdnews24.com for a reasonable period, reflecting our need to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new services and any data retention requirements of the law. This means we may retain information after an individual has ceased interacting with us. bdnews24.com does not sell, rent or give your personal data to any third party except where the law permits or unless you specifically agree.
Users of the site are invited to inform bdnews24.com services of any dysfunctions of the site in light of privacy rights. In its capacity as a news agency, bdnews24.com gathers and stores what could be classified as personal data. This is used for news reporting, opinion polls and related research. This privacy notice does not focus on that type of use.
Like most websites, bdnews24.com also collects information through the use of “cookie” technology. Among other things, a cookie may identify your browser and store information such as the date and time you access the site and the pages visited.
Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions for Facebook Platform
What data are we collecting?
Ans: We are only collecting Facebook ID, email, first name, last name, and full name for our newsletter subscription.
How are we processing it?
Ans: We are storing Facebook ID, email, first name, last name, full name in our secured system for bdnews24.com newsletter subscription. If any Facebook user authorises our app to access their data in order to receive our newsletter service, we collect only their Facebook ID, email, first name, last name, and full name data. After users' authorisation, bdnews24.com sends out a newsletter to their email address.
For which purposes are we processing it?
Ans: We want to reach out to our subscribers with more of our content through newsletters.
Can users request deletion of that data?
Ans: Users can indeed request the deletion of data by removing the bdnews24.com app from their Facebook account - all they need to do is mark the data deletion checkbox. bdnews24.com has built the data deletion callback AP as per Facebook guidelines.
For inquiries
Contact: +8801847226622, newsroom@bdnews24.com
17 Mohakhali C/A, Red Crescent Concord Tower, 17th Floor, Dhaka-1212, Bangladesh