LandGlide Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how REAL ESTATE PORTAL USA,
      LLC uses and protects any information that you give REAL ESTATE PORTAL USA, LLC when
      you use this application. REAL ESTATE PORTAL USA, LLC is committed to ensuring that
      your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which
      you can be identified when using this application, it will be used in accordance with
      this privacy statement. By installing, using, registering for, or otherwise accessing
      our services, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed
      consent to the processing, use, and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with
      this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not install,
      use, or otherwise access the services. REAL ESTATE PORTAL USA, LLC may change this
      policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to
      time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Your continued use of services will
      signify your acceptance of the changes to this privacy policy. This policy is effective
      from 1st of January, 2012.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this privacy policy, “non-personal
      data” means data which does not directly identify you. Additionally, it refers to
      data “aggregate” and “de-personalized” data from which any
      personally identifiable information has been removed.
Likely situations where you make non-personal data
      available to Real Estate Portal USA include, but are not limited to: (i) When you
      access a region of the map which has overlay information which is requested from our
      servers, a unique generated key similar to a “cookie” is passed to us which
      allows us to “remember” you on subsequent requests. The generated key does
      not include personal information.
Personal data
For purposes of this privacy policy, “personal
       data” means data that uniquely identifies you as an individual.
Real Estate Portal USA may store your email address or 
      other unique identifier available to LandGlide for account authentication and customer 
      service purposes. Other likely situations where you make personal data available
      to Real Estate Portal USA include, but are not limited to: (i) Authentication, to
      ensure that you are a legitimate subscriber to our services and to determine that your
      subscription has not expired. (ii) When performing a search which takes into account
      your current map viewport, when that viewport is centered at your current location.
      This can happen when you enable location tracking which automatically centers your map
      viewport at your current location.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Real Estate Portal USA collects and processes personal
      data on a voluntary basis and is not in the business of selling your personal data to
      third parties. Personal data may, however, be occasionally disclosed in accordance with
      applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Real Estate Portal USA
      may disclose personal data to its subsidiaries in accordance with this privacy
      policy.
Real Estate Portal USA may disclose your personal data
      to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in
      connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or
      other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Real Estate Portal USA to legal
      liability. Real Estate Portal USA may also disclose your personal data to third parties
      when Real Estate Portal USA has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to
      address potential or actual injury or interference with Real Estate Portal USA’s
      rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or
      damage, or Real Estate Portal USA believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect
      Real Estate Portal USA’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial
      proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Real Estate Portal USA. To the
      extent permitted by applicable law, Real Estate Portal USA will make reasonable efforts
      to notify you of such disclosure through Real Estate Portal USA’s website or in
      another reasonable manner.
Data Retention and Correctness
Real Estate Portal USA retains the data collected
      pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes
      outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or
      permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes
      specified in this Privacy Policy, Real Estate Portal USA deletes all aforementioned
      data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe. Real Estate Portal USA does not
      verify the correctness of personal data.
Real Estate Portal USA may still retain some of the data
      to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce Real Estate
      Portal USA user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and
      constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.
Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the Services
      may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies,
      including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line
      gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. You recognize and
      agree that Real Estate Portal USA is not liable for any such third party terms and
      conditions and their use of your personal data.
Links to other websites
Our application  contains  links to other
      websites supplying additional property information.  However, once you have used
      these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over
      other websites and their content. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the
      protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites
      and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution
      and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Safeguards and Security
Real Estate Portal USA follows generally accepted
      industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the
      security, integrity and privacy of the information in Real Estate Portal USA’s
      possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection
      with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy
      Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your
      personal data in Real Estate Portal USA’s possession. Personal data collected by
      Real Estate Portal USA is stored in secure operating environments that are not
      available to the public. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have
      put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and
      secure the information we collect. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is
      the possibility that despite Real Estate Portal USA’s reasonable efforts, there
      could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume
      this risk.
Controlling your personal information
You may request details of personal information which we
      hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you
      would like a copy of the information held on you please
      contact us at
support@reportallusa.com
.
      If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
      please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will correct
      any information found to be incorrect as soon as possible.
Requesting user data deletion
To request the deletion of your personal data, send an email to
support@landglide.com
with your account information (e.g., your account email address).
Further Information
Real Estate Portal USA regularly reviews its compliance with this
      Privacy Policy. If Real Estate Portal USA receives a formal written complaint from you,
      it is Real Estate Portal USA’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to
      address any of your concerns. Real Estate Portal USA will cooperate with the
      appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve
      any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data
      that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Real Estate Portal USA. TO THE EXTENT
      YOU AND REAL ESTATE PORTAL USA ARE NOT ABLE TO AMICABLY RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE THAT MAY
      ARISE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST REAL ESTATE PORTAL USA ONLY IN YOUR
      INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR
      REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.