Peatix Privacy Policy
TOS
Privacy Policy
Notification based on Specific Trade Law
Peatix Inc. and its affiliates (referred in 10.1, collectively "Peatix," “we,” “us,”or "our") respect the importance of personal information.  To ensure the protection of your personal information, we will comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal information and have established a privacy policy (this “Policy”) as follows. Terms used in this Policy are subject to the definition of the
Peatix Terms of Service
.
1. Collection of Personal Information and Other Information
We obtain certain information that can be associated with or which relates to you and/or could be used to identify you (“personal information”) in the following cases.
1.1. Personal information required to provide our Services
We will obtain personal information as prescribed below from you to facilitate the use of our Services. If such information is not provided, you may not be able to use all or part of our Services.
（1）Information you provide to us
We collect personal information from you when you voluntarily provide such information to the Services, such as when you register for access to the Services, contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for or purchase tickets to an Event, or browse or use certain parts of the Services.
For example, we  obtain certain personal information ("User Information") from you through the User registration process, including the following:
Nickname;
Name;
Email address;
Profile image; and
Country of residence.
If you agree to link your ID through a third-party service designated by us, we may obtain your personal information including the above information registered by you with the third party through such third-party service.
When you host an Event as an Organizer/Co-Organizer, we obtain the following information in addition to your User Information:
Phone number; and
Bank account information.
We may obtain the following information at your option:
Tax registration number; and
Address.
We may also obtain other information you provide, including personal information, such as information of Event Organizers and speakers, and photographs that you post on the Event page or any links to or posts on your Group page.
（2）Information obtained from settlement institutions
We will acquire certain personal information provided by you to our partner payment institutions to the extent necessary to facilitate our payment operations to settle payments for Event tickets and other Services purchased by you and prevent unauthorized use of credit cards, etc. The handling of personal information by our partner settlement institutions is subject to the terms and policies established by each settlement institution. We do not store any of your payment information.
（3）Additional Information we obtain for Token-gating Service
Wallet ID
（4）Information obtained for safe use of Peatix
In order for you to safely use the Service, we will contact you at the designated contact point if any act is found to be in violation of our Terms of Use, etc. In connection with such communications, we may be provided with your user name, the name and URL of the Event you attended or hosted, details of acts suspected of violating our Terms of Service, photos and videos of Events you attended or hosted, etc. Personal information contained in such information is obtained for the safe operation of the Service by checking for violations of our Terms of Service, etc.
1.2. Information provided by applicants for recruitment and internship
We obtain personal information of applicants for recruitment and internship through application, resume, interview, reference check, etc. We will not handle personal information beyond the scope of the purpose of use without the consent of the applicant.
1.3. Information needed to respond to your request
We will obtain personal information such as contact information including, but not limited to, name, email address and phone number necessary to respond to your request. We may also request information necessary to identify, investigate, and resolve the problem, including details of the event that is troubling you.
1.4. Information automatically obtained when using the Service
（1）Usage status of the Service
We automatically obtain when and how you use our Service. The information which we collect includes, the date and time of your usage of our Service, the length of time you spend with our Service, the search results you use within our Service, and your usage status of content and ads you browse and tap.
（2）Application, browser, device, and network information
We obtain information about your device, browser, and apps (including, identifier for identifying the device/browser, cookies, OS, language and time zone settings, location information, browser type, application version, etc.), as well as network information (such as IP address). We may associate the acquired usage information with an internal identifier.
1.5. Personal information obtained from third parties
We may obtain personal information from our business partners upon confirming that our business partners have obtained consent from the individuals to which the personal information belongs, and how the consent was obtained.
1.6. Personal information obtained from employees, etc.
We will acquire the following personal information from our employees and contractors who are engaged in our business through outsourcing. The information we obtain shall be limited to those required by applicable laws and regulations or necessary for our business.
Basic information (name, address, date of birth, etc.);
Internally disclosed information (user id, account name, department, job title, etc.);
Compensation information (annual compensation, bonuses, etc.);
Human resource information (performance evaluation, disciplinary action, commendation, etc.);
Family and relative information (family structure, dependents, etc.); and
Physical and health information (results of medical examinations, etc.).
2. Purpose of Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes.
2.1. To provide the Service safely and securely
Your personal information will be used to provide the Service safely and securely for the following purposes.
To appropriately implement and administer User registration;
To appropriately implement and administer Event management, ticket sales and payment;
To properly implement and administer ticket purchases;
To deliver gift items through campaigns, etc.; and
To inform you about changes to the Terms of Service, additional new functions and other important information required to use the Service.
2.2. To provide information optimized for you
To provide you with personalized information, we use your information to display and to distribute email notifications on recommended Events, new materials and information relating to special services, including relevant ads based on your Event participation and search history.
2.3. To distribute direct email
We will use your information to deliver information that we think is useful to you, to those who opted in to receive direct email. You can also opt out from our direct mail service.
2.4. To improve Services and develop new Services
We use your information to measure the effectiveness of contents posted and Event information emails distributed, conduct surveys on usage status and usage environment, and use it to develop new Services.
2.5. To conduct certain marketing activities
We may use your personal information for our marketing and advertising purposes, provided, however, that unless separately authorized, we generally do not use any personal information collected by a third-party Organizer and/or Co-Organizer using survey forms created on an Event page for such purposes. We do this in order to inform you about Services or Events we believe might be of interest to each User, develop promotional or marketing materials and display Peatix or Event-related content and advertising on or off the Services that we believe might be of interest to such User.  Any personal information collected by a third-party Organizer and/or Co-Organizer using survey forms created on an Event page shall be subject to the rules and policies set by such respective Organizer/Co-organizer.
We also allow Organizers and/or Co-Organizers to use our email tools to contact Users regarding any Events and Groups and with other announcements, as well as to conduct certain marketing activities. As a result, you may receive emails from our system that originate with such Organizers and/or Co-Organizers and that we send on their behalf. Organizers/Co-Organizers and not Peatix are responsible for such communications.
If you no longer want your personal information to be used for these purposes, please contact us at "Complaint and Consultation Desk" as set forth in 7.2. In the case of an Organizer’s/Co-Organizer’s advertising, you may need to contact the Organizer/Co-Organizer directly.
2.6. To ensure security and prevent unauthorized use
We use your information to ensure security and to prevent unauthorized use of our Services to always maintain a safe environment.
To check for unauthorized use including violation of the Terms of Service, illegal activities, and unauthorized access;
To prevent unauthorized use by monitoring, checking, and analyzing the content of violation reports and illegal Events; and
To confirm the facts and contact the person in question upon an occurrence, or a possibility of an occurrence, of unauthorized use.
2.7. To select applicants for recruitment and internship
We will use the information you provide to us upon your application for employment or internship for the following purposes.
To determine whether applicants match the character, skills, experience, etc. that we are seeking when screening documents and conducting interviews at the time of employment selection;
To contact applicants for the purpose of scheduling interviews, etc.;
To verify past applications with us; and
To use as a reference when formulating future hiring policies.
2.8. To contact you as needed
We will use your information to respond to your inquiries and to contact you if necessary.
2.9. To carry out necessary procedures for employees, etc.
We use personal information of our employees for the following purposes. Whenever we use personal information for purposes other than those listed below, we will clarify the purpose of use and obtain prior consent from the individual concerned. The personal information of retired employees will be used to prepare various personnel data and communication after retirement.
Basic information (for employment management);
Internally disclosed information (for business communication);
Compensation information (for determining and paying salaries, withholding tax procedures, social insurance procedures, etc.);
Human resource information (for determining assignments and duties, training and skill development);
Family and relative information (for social insurance related procedures, benefits, etc.); and
Physical and health information (for ensuring a proper working environment, etc.).
3. Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may provide your personal information to third parties under any of the following circumstances.
3.1. Where permitted by applicable law
When it is permitted by laws and regulations;
When it is necessary to protection life, body or property of an individual, and it is difficult to obtain the consent from of the person concerned;
Cases in which the provision of personal information is particularly necessary for improving public health or promoting the sound growth of children and in which it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person concerned; or
Cases in which the provision of personal information is necessary for cooperating with a state organ, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either a state organ or local government to execute affairs prescribed by law, and in which obtaining the consent of the person is likely to impede the execution of the affairs concerned.
3.2. When sharing personal information you have voluntarily provided to a third party, or when you share directly with a third party
（1）Information provided to Organizers/Co-organizers
The following information will be provided to the Organizer/Co-organizer.
When you register for, participate or otherwise express an interest in an Event, follow a Group, post any content or make any comments using our Services, communicate with an Organizer/Co-Organizer or with other Users when using our Services, or otherwise share your personal information (such as through a survey form or comment function), that Organizer/Co-Organizer will receive such information, including certain User Information and other affiliated information such as User ID. The Organizer/Co-Organizer may then send you marketing or other communications, which may be subject to its own, separate privacy policy. Other third parties that are involved in or on whose behalf an Event or activity is promoted, may receive that personal information as well.
We are not responsible for the actions of these Organizers/Co-Organizers, or such third parties (or other downstream recipients of your personal information), with respect to your personal information. It is important that you review the applicable policies of the Organizers/Co-Organizers, and if applicable and available, any third parties appointed or used by them, before providing any personal information or other information.
Organizers/Co-organizers who use our Services shall handle personal information in accordance with our Terms of Service. However, legal systems for protecting personal information differ depending on the country or region of Organizers/Co-organizers. Please confirm the country or region of each Organizer on the Event application page and other applicable pages and agree to provide the necessary information to participate in the Event or otherwise use our Services.
Organizers/Co-organizers in the following countries and regions may use our Services.
Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, United States, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Australia, Republic of Korea, United Kingdom, Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Canada, India, Germany, Vietnam, Netherlands, New Zealand, France, Spain, Italy, Belgium, Austria, Ireland, Luxembourg
For more information about the legal systems of these countries and regions (excluding Japan and countries that have personal information protection systems of a level equivalent to that of Japan.), please visit the
Personal Information Protection Commission website
.
（2）Information provided to partner companies
When you use text, images, audio, video or other content provided by our partner companies (the "Contents") that appears on the Event pages or other pages, or when you participate in Events we host in which the Contents are provided by our partner companies, we will provide names, phone numbers, email addresses, business names, business types, employee sizes, departments and job titles, the Contents of the Events you attended, the Contents you viewed or downloaded, the status of consideration regarding the information included in the materials, and other information to our partner companies with your consent. This information will be used only for the purpose of announcing services, Events, etc. related to the business of the partner company. The handling of personal information by the partner company is subject to the rules and policies set by each partner company.
3.3. Information provided to the subcontractors
In order to provide the Service smoothly, the personal information obtained may be provided to contractors selected in accordance with our security standards, and some operations necessary to provide the Service may be outsourced to third parties. However, the personal information to which handling is outsourced shall be limited to the minimum information necessary for performing the outsourced operation. In addition, there are cases where personal information is accessed from a third country that does not have the same personal data protection laws as Japan. In such cases, we will take necessary measures to ensure the appropriate protection of personal information in accordance with our security standards, such as mandating and supervising the appropriate security management of the accessing company through outsourcing contracts.
3.4. Shared use among group companies
We may share the personal information described in "1. Collection of Personal Information, etc." among the group companies listed in 10.1 below. The purpose of shared use is the same as described in " 2. Purpose of Use of Personal Information". Our group companies are in the United States, Japan, Singapore, and Malaysia.
3.5. Business Succession, etc.
In the event of an acquisition, merger, or change of business entity, or other inter-company transaction involving our business subject to this Policy, personal information may be transferred accordingly to the successor to the business, to the extent permitted by applicable laws.
4. Use of Cookies and Analytic Tools
For our use of Cookies and Analytic Tools, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
5. Security Control Measures
5.1. We will take the following security control measures for the management of personal information we have obtained.
We have appointed a manager to promote initiatives related to the protection of personal information, and we periodically check the status of compliance with internal rules related to the protection of personal information through audits, etc.
We regularly provide training on the protection of personal information and ensure that all employees whose work involves personal data take measures to maintain confidentiality.
We restrict access to our offices and other facilities.
We have strict access control and security monitoring procedures in place to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, unauthorized use, alteration, or destruction of personal information.
5.2. Understanding the external environment
When outsourcing the handling of personal data to an outside business operator, we conduct an evaluation of the outside business operator, and conduct appropriate supervision. If personal data is provided to a foreign business operator, we will confirm the legislation status of such foreign country.
6. Retention Period
6.1. Your Personal Information
Generally, we will retain your personal information in accordance with the terms of use described in this Policy to provide you the Services, unless you request deletion of your account. If you request us to delete your account, we will delete your information in accordance with applicable laws and internal rules after a certain period for the following reasons. Please note that we may retain a part of your information in a form that does not allow us to identify you after we receive your request to delete your account.
For response to inquiries;
For dispute settlement and collection and payment of Event participation fees; and
For detection of fraud and countermeasures.
7. Your Rights
7.1. Requests for Disclosure, etc.
You may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, request us to notify or disclose the purpose of use, correct, add, or delete the content, suspend use, or eliminate, or discontinue the provision to a third party (“Disclosure, etc.”) of the retained personal data we hold. If you reside in Japan and wish to make a request for Disclosure, etc., please follow the procedure below. If you reside outside of Japan and wish to make a request for Disclosure, etc., please contact our “Complaint and Consultation Desk” below for procedures.
（1）Procedures for Disclosure, etc.
If you wish to request Disclosure, etc. of your personal information, please directly submit the required documents to the "Complaints and Consultation Desk" below or send them by registered mail or courier to the "Complaints and Consultation Desk" address. (You will be responsible for the shipping fee. Please note that we do not accept applications by telephone, e-mail, fax, etc.)
（2）Required Documents
"Application Form for Request for Disclosure, etc." designated by the Company (*If you do not have the form on hand, please contact us. We will mail it to you.)
Identification document
(A)If you are applying for yourself, please submit the documents listed in either (1) or (2) below.
Official certificate (copy) of the applicant
（1）Official certificate (with picture)
One of the following:
Driver's license, driving history certificate, passport, personal identification card (only the side with name and picture), physical disability certificate, mental disability certificate, rehabilitation certificate, etc.
（2）Official certificate (without picture)
Any two of the following
National health insurance certificate, health insurance certificate, copy of certificate of residence, certificate of registered matters in certificate of residence, national pension book, certificate of insured person of medical care for the elderly or long-term care insurance, membership certificate of national public officer mutual aid association or local public officer mutual aid association, child rearing allowance certificate, special child rearing allowance certificate, etc.
(B)If you are applying by proxy, please submit all applicable documents below.
Documents to confirm authority of agency
Legal representative
Documents to confirm that the applicant is a legal representative (documents to confirm legal qualification, such as certified copies of family registers, or certificates of registered matters) (issued within 6 months prior to the date of application)
Agent authorized by the principal
The power of attorney with the seal of the principal and the certificate of seal registration of the principal (issued within 6 months prior to the date of application)
Official certificate (copy) of the agent
Official certificate (copy) of the principal
（3）Handling of submitted documents
We handle the documents submitted to us as follows. Please submit documents only if you agree to the following.
Personal information will be used to respond to requests for Disclosure, etc.
Depending on the identification documents you provide, we may obtain certain sensitive personal information such as your permanent address.
We will not provide such personal information to a third party without the consent of the individual concerned, except in accordance with laws and regulations.
We will not outsource the handling of such personal information.
（4）Fee
For requests for Disclosure, etc., a fee of 1,000 yen will be charged per application. Please enclose a 1,000-yen stamp or postal money order with the required documents.
（5）Points to be noted regarding the procedures
Please note that we may not be able to respond to your request in the following cases.
If we are unable to verify the identity of the applicant by the identification documents, etc.;
When there is a deficiency in the document such as omissions in the application form;
If there is a risk of harm to the life, body or property of the applicant or a third party;
When there is a possibility of encouraging or inducing illegal or unjust acts;
If there is a risk of harm to national security, damage to relations of trust with other countries or international organizations, or if there is a risk of suffering disadvantages in negotiations with other countries or international organizations;
If there is a risk of causing significant hindrance to the proper conduct of our business;
If the disclosure is in violation of laws and regulations; or
If it is necessary to cooperate in the execution of affairs prescribed by laws and regulations by a national organ or a local public entity, and in case that there is a risk that the execution of said affairs may be hindered by notifying the principal of the purpose of use or by publicizing it.
7.2. Complaint and Consultation Desk
For any requests or complaints regarding the use of our personal information, you may contact the "Complaint and Consultation Desk" below at any time. After confirming your identity, we will respond to your requests and complaints within a reasonable time in accordance with the applicable law.
＜Complaint and Consultation Desk＞
Complaint and Consultation Desk
Operations Manager
Peatix Japan K.K.
Shibuya Konno, 8th floor
3-3-1 Shibuya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 150-0002,Japan
Inquiry Form
(We will reply during 10: 00 ~ 18: 00 on weekdays.)
8. Privacy of Minors
If you are a minor, we request you to provide personal information through our Service, with the consent of a parent or a guardian. You represent and warrant that you have the rights and competencies necessary to use the Service or, if you are a minor, that you perform the Services with the consent of a parent or a guardian.
9. Changes to this Policy
This policy is subject to change from time to time, and the latest Privacy Policy will be published on this website. Important changes will be posted on the
Peatix's website
or communicated to you via email.
Your continued use of our Services after notice or publication of any changes shall constitute acceptance of the changes and agreement to this Policy, as amended.
Continuing to use the Company services after a change has been notified or published on the service constitutes acceptance of the change and acceptance of the amended Policy.
10. Others
10.1. Name of business operators
Peatix Inc. （United States）
Peatix Japan K.K. （Japan）
Peatix Asia Pte. Ltd. （Singapore）
Peatix Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. （Malaysia）
10.2. Business entity, title, and contact information of the personal information protection manager
For Japan:
Peatix Japan K.K. 　Product Manager（Contact: above "Complaint and Consultation Desk"）
For the United States and other countries:
Peatix Inc.　IT Director
10.3. Peatix is not currently an authorized personal information protection organization.
Established: February 1, 2018
Revised:  February 28, 2025