Who we are
South East Radio
Custom House Quay, Wexford
Tel: 053 9145200
General Emails:
info@southeastradio.ie
Your Personal Information, and what we collect.
We only store your personal information if you have contacted us via web form, email, are a customer (existing or past)  or signed up to our marketing newsletter.
We will not use your personal information for marketing purposes unless you have explicitly opted in to our marketing newsletter.
Only nominated persons have access to your data.
Employees of our company
Our web hosting providers
Emails
Any emails sent to us and any messages received through our online contact form are recorded and forwarded to the relevant section. The sender’s email address will remain visible to all staff tasked with dealing with the query. Please be aware that it is the sender’s responsibility to ensure that the content of their emails is within the bounds of the law. Unsolicited material of a criminal nature will be reported to the relevant authorities and blocked.
Data Requests
If you would like a record of what personal information we have stored about you, please contact us using our web form and we would be happy to assist you.
Payment Security
We use Stripe to process online transactions, we do not store your credit card information on our servers.
External Links
We are not responsible for the content of external links from our website.
How we protect your data
Our website utilizes SSL, all data between your browser and our website is encrypted. Your passwords (if you have an account) are encrypted.
We  routinely update and maintain our website and servers, ensuring they are patches with the latest security updates.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If a breach is detected on our systems we will inform the relevant authorities of the breach, nominate our 3rd party IT security partner (Blacknight) to investigate the uspscted breach, and if confirmed will notify affect clients with 24 hours.
Cookies
See our cookie policy
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors to our website. Please see Google Analytics privacy policy
here
.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Policy Updates
If this policy is updated, a notice will be placed on this page.