Twitter
Google plus
Facebook
Vimeo
Pinterest
Search for:
Go
Contact us
Careers
Home
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Media One Communications Ltd (the “data controller”) takes the privacy of your personal information very seriously and is committed to safeguarding your privacy and your personal information, complying with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003.  This Privacy Policy relates to our and our subsidiaries (Schools Publishing Limited) use, of any personal information we collect from you directly, or indirectly via 3rd party data providers, covering individuals who:
visit our main website (
mediaone.co.uk
) or any of our network of websites (interiordesignermagazine.co.uk, fmcgnews.co.uk, diyretailer.co.uk, packaginggazette.co.uk, packagingyearbook.co.uk, interiordesignyearbook.co.uk, architectnews.co.uk, architecturemagazine.co.uk, houseproudmagazine.co.uk, diyretailer.co.uk, britishbuilder.co.uk)
use our products and services;
contact us concerning our products and services;
are a reader of our publications;
attend or register to attend any events (including online events) or other events in which Media One Communications Ltd participates;
complete surveys Media One Communications Ltd has issued or commissioned;
complete competition entries Media One Communications Ltd has issued or commissioned;
through telephone research of your organisation and your role in the organisation;
through research of public resources to identify organisations and your role in the organisation;
are provided to us as part of 3rd party data for inclusion in our future marketing campaigns and where consent has been provided for 3
rd
party marketing campaigns;
supply products or services to Media One Communications Ltd ;
have applied to work for Media One Communications Ltd , or are current or former employees of Media One Communications Ltd ;
This Privacy Policy will explain the following:
what personal information may be collected about you;
how Media One Communications Ltd will use this personal information;
when Media One Communications Ltd may use this personal information to contact you;
how long will Media One Communications Ltd retain your personal information;
how this personal information may be shared with other parties;
how your personal information will be kept secure;
your rights regarding the personal information you provide to us;
the use of cookies on the Media One Communications Ltd websites;
how to contact us.
In this policy, personal information means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, and online identifier or to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Media One Communications Ltd encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Media One Communications Ltd so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Media One Communications Ltd is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Media One Communications Ltd and Media One Communications Ltd family of websites.
What personal information is held about you and how we use it?
Users of our products and services
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you use our products or services, including name, email address, postal address, and telephone number
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from being a registered user of our product and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Individuals contacting us concerning our products and services
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you contact us about our products or services or subscribe to our newsletters, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number.
We will use this personal information:
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Media One Communications Ltd does not share this information with third parties, except those who are required to facilitate the delivery of our services, such as distributors, mailing houses, fulfilment houses etc.
Subscribed reader or single request reader of our publications
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you subscribe or request a single copy of our publications, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from being a subscribed reader of our publication/s. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need” for paid subscriptions and “Legitimate Interest” for free or single request subscriptions.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest".
Media One Communications Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest".
Attendees or registrants to our events (including online events) or other events which Media One Communications Ltd participates
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you register at or register to attend an event hosted by or participated at by Media One Communications Ltd . The personal information collected will include your name, email address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from being a registered attendee of our event or other events which Media One Communications Ltd The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Media One Communications Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Individuals who complete surveys Media One Communications Ltd has issued or commissioned
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you complete a survey we have issued or commissioned. The personal information collected will include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Media One Communications Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
The personal information may be made available to 3rd party recipients. To provide this information to others for direct marketing of their product or services by inclusion in Media One Communications Ltd ’s commercial dataset. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Individuals who enter competitions Media One Communications Ltd has issued or commissioned
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you enter a competition we have issued or commissioned. The personal information collected will include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from entering the competition which Media One Communications Ltd has offered. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Media One Communications Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
The personal information may be made available to 3rd party recipients. To provide this information to others for direct marketing of their product or services by inclusion in Media One Communications Ltd ’s commercial dataset. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Individuals who have provided information through telephone research conducted by Media One Communications Ltd
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you take part in telephone research on organisations conducted by Media One Communications Ltd . The personal information collected will include your name, email address, telephone number, postal address, company name and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you. These may include information about publications, webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands’ products and services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
Media One Communications Ltd uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
The personal data may be made available to 3rd party recipients. To provide this information to others for direct marketing of their product or services by inclusion in Media One Communications Ltd ’s commercial dataset. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
8. Companies who supply products or services to Media One Communications Ltd
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you supply products or services to Media One Communications Ltd , including name, email address, postal address, telephone number and job title.
We will use this personal information:
To carry out obligations arising from you providing us products or services. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
9. Individuals who have applied to work for Media One Communications Ltd
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you apply to work for Media One Communications Ltd , including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, employment history, education history and details of referees.
We will use this personal information:
To complete the interview process, we will use your personal information to communicate with you, complete background checks where permitted by law and manage you application through the interview selection process. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
Individuals who are current or former employees of Media One Communications Ltd
Media One Communications Ltd collects personal information from you when you work for Media One Communications Ltd , including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, date of birth, employee identification number, bank details, national insurance number and emergency contact details.
We will use this personal information:
To enable us to employ, pay and manage your work. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Contractual Need”.
In case of emergencies when will utilise your emergence contact details. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be in the employees “Vital Interests”.
To comply with applicable tax, employment and health & safety laws. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Compliance with Legal Obligations”.
Information provided to us by 3rd parties.
1. Visitors to our website
When someone visits one of our sites (
mediaone.co.uk
or any of our network of brand specific websites we use a 3
rd
party service, Google Analytics to collect details of website traffic and visitor information, including browser type, internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, and system configuration information. For full detailed information about the use of cookies on our website, please see the section on “How we use cookies on the Media One Communications Ltd websites”.
We use the website traffic and visitor information to improve our understanding of the use of the Media One Communications Ltd websites and in order to determine what Media One Communications Ltd services are the most popular. The lawful basis for processing your personal information for this purpose will be “Legitimate Interest”.
How long will you retain my personal information?
We will retain and process your personal information as long as is needed to provide the product or service that you’ve elected to receive from us.
For personal information used by us for our own direct marketing purposes, we will retain the data whilst accurate or responsive and if not, no longer actively use after 5 years.
Personal information obtained from 3rd parties for the Media One Communications Ltd Commercial dataset will be recompiled on a regular basis to ensure the data is fresh and relevant.
How will my personal information be shared?
We do share information with third parties, with the exception of those directly involved in the creation publication and distribution of our publications, electronic mail and news. These partner companies may include mailing houses, data management partners and fulfilment services. Our partners are contracted to operate under the rules of GDPR and never to disclose any data to third parties.
We may be require to share your data with a third-party auditing organisations (such as ABC or BPA) so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this
link
. And
link
How is my personal information kept secure?
Media One Communications Ltd is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We will use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Media One Communications Ltd secures the personal information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Media One Communications Ltd ensures personal information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, when transmitted to other websites. We aim to have all our websites using SSL protocol. In the unlikely event of a data breach, we will inform you within the required time frame as set out in our data breach policy.
What are my choices with my personal information?
Media One Communications Ltd is committed to providing you with control on how your data is used and processed. You can review, edit or delete your personal information free of charge by contacting us directly at
contact@mediaone.co.uk
, by telephone or via postal communication to the contact details provided in the section “Contact Us”.
Your rights concerning your personal information are:
you can ask about the personal information we hold about you and we will show you, free of charge;
you can request your personal information is corrected and we will update the details and inform you when completed, free of charge;
you can object to your data being processed and we will stop processing your data once no longer required for performance of contract or legal obligations, free of charge;
you can object to receiving direct marketing communications from us and we will stop all communications by channel (email, post, telephone or SMS) or within certain subject areas, free of charge. In addition, any direct marketing communications you receive from us will always include a clear, simple method to 'opt-out' of future communications by channel.
you can ask for your personal information to be erased, once no longer required for performance of contract or legal obligations, which we will complete bar keeping the minimal personal details to ensure we do not contact you again, free of charge;
Any request by you to no longer use your personal information by 3rd parties for commercial data information, will be completed free of charge.
How we use cookies on the Media One Communications Ltd websites
Media One Communications Ltd use “cookies” to help personalise and enhance your online experience when visiting our website.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you elect not to activate the cookie or to later disable cookies, you may still visit our Websites, but your ability to use some features or areas of the website may be limited. For instructions on how to control, disable or delete cookies for your browser, please visit
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Your right to lodge a complaint with ICO
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner Office (
www.ico.org.uk
)
Changes to this Policy
Media One Communications Ltd will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. Media One Communications Ltd encourages you to periodically review this policy to be informed of how Media One Communications Ltd is protecting your information.
Contact Us
Media One Communications Ltd welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy or about Media One Communications Ltd ’s privacy practices. Please contact us by email at privacy@mediaone.co.uk, or telephone at:
01733 385300, or at:
FAO: Data Protection Officer
Media One Communications Ltd
6 Swan Court
Forder Way
Hampton,
Peterborough
PE7 8GX