Arlington National Cemetery and the Office of Army
National Cemeteries use cookies to enable the security of our websites and
mobile apps, and to provide you with the best possible user experience.
By clicking on Agree, you consent to the use of these
cookies.  You may change your cookie
settings at any time.  We do not collect
your personal information unless you directly provide your information to us.
For more information, please read our terms and
conditions found in our User Acceptance Policy.
Learn more
I Agree
Please enable javascript for an enhanced experience
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Office of Army Cemeteries (OAC) network of websites, including mobile applications (apps) and viewing our Privacy Statement.  Our network, websites and apps are information systems (IS) provided to you as a public service and managed by the United States Government.  By accessing our IS (including any device connected to this IS) you are consenting to the terms and conditions found in our
User Acceptance Policy
.
The OAC, including Arlington National Cemetery (ANC) website(s) does not collect your personal information unless you choose to provide your information to us.  The information you provide us shall be used to respond and assist you with information you have requested from OAC.
ANC is open daily from 8am-5pm.
|
Phone:
877-907-8585
Home
Funerals
Visit
Explore
About
Media
Education
Expansion
Search
Home
Funerals
Funeral Schedule
Funeral Information
Scheduling a Funeral
Attending a Funeral
Visiting a Gravesite
Resources for Funeral Directors
Burial Options at VA Cemeteries
Visit
Map of ANC
Parking
Getting Around
Visitor Tips
Visitors with Disabilities
Tours and Groups
Safety
Security
Events and Ceremonies
Explore
Find a Grave
Notable Graves
Memorial Arboretum and Horticulture
Monuments and Memorials
Memorial Amphitheater
History of Arlington National Cemetery
Soldiers' and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery
About
Vision & Mission
Leadership
Careers
Equal Employment Opportunity Office
Policies
Public Notices
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Public Affairs Office
Contact
Advisory Committee on Arlington National Cemetery
Confederate Memorial Removal
Proposed Revised Eligibility Criteria
Media
Public Affairs Office
News
Media Policy
Media Resources
Media Queries/Credentials
Photo Use Policy
Education
Expansion
News
Photographs
Road Closures & Updates
Public Notices
Choose an Option
Home
Funerals
→ Funeral Schedule
→ Funeral Information
→ Scheduling a Funeral
→ Attending a Funeral
→ Visiting a Gravesite
→ Resources for Funeral Directors
→ Burial Options at VA Cemeteries
Visit
→ Map of ANC
→ Parking
→ Getting Around
→ Visitor Tips
→ Visitors with Disabilities
→ Tours and Groups
→ Safety
→ Security
→ Events and Ceremonies
Explore
→ Find a Grave
→ Notable Graves
→ Memorial Arboretum and Horticulture
→ Monuments and Memorials
→ Memorial Amphitheater
→ History of Arlington National Cemetery
→ Soldiers' and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery
About
→ Vision & Mission
→ Leadership
→ Careers
→ Equal Employment Opportunity Office
→ Policies
→ Public Notices
→ Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
→ Public Affairs Office
→ Contact
→ Advisory Committee on Arlington National Cemetery
→ Confederate Memorial Removal
→ Proposed Revised Eligibility Criteria
Media
→ Public Affairs Office
→ News
→ Media Policy
→ Media Resources
→ Media Queries/Credentials
→ Photo Use Policy
Education
Expansion
→ News
→ Photographs
→ Road Closures & Updates
→ Public Notices
Privacy
Overview
Thank you for visiting the Office of Army Cemeteries (OAC) network of websites, including mobile applications (apps) and viewing our Privacy Statement.  Our network, websites and apps are Information Systems (IS) and are provided to you as a public service and managed by the United States Government.  By accessing our IS (including any device connected to this IS) you are consenting to the terms and conditions found in our User Acceptance Policy.
The OAC, including Arlington National Cemetery (ANC) website(s) does not collect your personal information unless you choose to provide your information to us.  The information you provide us shall be used to respond and assist you with information you have requested from OAC.
Information collected and how it is used
OAC routinely gathers and stores information related to your visit to our websites to improve and enhance your visit.  The information collected is in aggregate and does not contain personal information related to you.  Additionally, we may use third-party analytics such as Google Analytics to adjust content and improve the user experience.  User may opt out of analytical data collection by opting out:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Examples of the data we may collect are as follows:
Web browser types and version, IP addresses, operating systems, and configuration of our mobile apps
Geographic location of where your device is located and the language being used to access our sites
Date and time of access, and the pages you access on our sites, and referring websites (the site you were visiting prior to accessing ours)
Use of Cookies
Our website uses cookie technology to conduct and analyze information that is being requested and sent over web and mobile applications.
Personal Data
OAC shall only collect personally identifying information (PII) you willingly and voluntarily provide us.  If you request information or assistance from OAC, we will respond to your inquiry, however, incomplete contact information may result in a delayed response for information or assistance.
Third party websites
OAC may use, link or embed third party websites
These third-party sites are neither owned nor managed by OAC and it is strongly encouraged that visitors review the Privacy and Security Policies for those sites.  OAC is not responsible for the privacy, security and content of those sites or apps, and use of third-party sites or apps shall not be considered an endorsement thereof.
Application Programming Interface (API) use
The content contained within the API is “as-is”, without warranty of any kind.  The OAC, including Arlington National Cemetery shall not be responsible or liable for any damage or loss of any kind that may result from use or implementation of the available API.
Children
OAC websites and apps are intended for use by the general public.  OAC does not willingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.  If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 and aware your child has provided personal information to OAC, please contact (877) 907-8585.
Exceptions
OAC reserves the right to update the terms of its Privacy Statement and User Acceptance Policy at any time, without notification to the user and changes shall be considered effective immediately upon posting.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, unauthorized attempts to view or exchange data on these IS are strictly prohibited and punishable.