Last Updated: Nov 14, 2024
Purpose
Insightly, Inc. respects your privacy and feels it is important for you to know how we collect and process the information we receive from you via our website at
www.insightly.com
(the “Site”) and through our on-demand business productivity software, our support platform, mobile applications and tools and services offered on the Site and mobile application (together the “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains our information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we use and share that information, and how you can opt-out of a use or correct or change that information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into Insightly’s
Terms of Service
(the “Terms”). All other terms not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meanings set forth in the Terms.
Scope
As used in this Privacy Policy, the term “Personal Information” shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, including, but not limited to, such person’s first and last name, or email address. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that Insightly collects and processes in the course of our business, including on the Site and the Insightly platform, but excludes all users’ email data. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access, update and request deletion of this information. The use of information collected through the Services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which Insightly’s client has engaged us. This Privacy Policy is intended to meet requirements globally, including those in North America, Europe, APAC, and other jurisdictions.
Insightly, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Insightly has certified adherence to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles for handling personal data received from the EU and UK, and to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for data from Switzerland. In case of a conflict between this policy and the DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more and view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
An Important Note: This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of the personal information that our customers may process using Insightly’s products and services (“Customer Data”). Our customers’ respective privacy policies govern the collection and use of Customer Data. Our processing of Customer Data is governed by the contracts that we have in place with our customers, not this Privacy Policy. Any questions or requests relating to Customer Data should be directed to our customer.
Types of Information We Collect and How We Use It
Information Clients Provide
When you create an account, use the Services, respond to surveys, request services or information, or contact us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Account Information:
When you register to use the Services with an email address, we collect your full name, company or organization name, email address and password you create. When signing up for a paid plan, Insightly will also collect credit card information and use a third-party intermediary to manage credit card processing. This intermediary adheres to the PCI-DSS standards and is not permitted to store, retain, or use your billing information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on Insightly’s behalf.
User Contacts.
You can import your basic contact information from your Google Contacts using Insightly’s automated contact import wizard. You can import other email account address books into Insightly using a manual import process. For Google, we authenticate your Google email address book using your Insightly user email address. We do not collect the username and password for the email account you wish to import your contacts from.
Communications With Us.
When you contact us to inquire about the Services, request customer service or technical support, or request other information, we may collect your name, email address, phone number or mailing address.
Surveys.
We may contact you to participate in online surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Information.
Posting on the Site.
Insightly offers a community forum in which you may post information on a publicly accessible site. If post information on the community forum, it will be publicly accessible.
Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests.
Occasionally, Insightly may run sweepstakes and contests. We ask those who enter in the sweepstakes or contests to provide contact information (e.g., an email address). If you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, your contact information may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest, and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes. All sweepstakes/contests entry forms will provide a way for participants to opt-out of any communications that are not related to awarding prizes.
Automatic Data Collection.
As is true of most websites and mobile applications, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data, mobile device identifiers, and advertising identifiers. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information.
Health Related Information.
While Insightly is not a covered entity (as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”)), its clients who are covered entities or business associates under HIPAA and want to use the Services to process Protected Health Information can contact Insightly to inquire about adding a Business Associate Addendum to the Terms at
contact@insight.ly
.
Information Related to Data Collected for our Clients
Insightly provides customer relationship management services to its clients, and collects and Processes information under the direction of its clients. Insightly has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal whose Personal information it processes.
Email Integration and Data Use
Note: Some features described in this section are planned for future release and may not yet be available. Insightly’s Privacy Policy will be updated again once new functionality is implemented and available to customers.
Information Collected through Email Integration
When you enable email integration within Insightly CRM, we may collect and process the following types of information from your email account.
Email Metadata:
Includes sender and recipient email addresses, timestamps, subject lines, and labels.
Email Content:
Includes the body of emails for syncing with CRM records, such as communication histories with leads, contacts, and opportunities.
Email Logs:
Includes details of emails sent via Insightly CRM, such as timestamps and recipients, for tracking purposes.
This information is collected solely with your explicit consent and is used only to provide email integration features as described in this policy.
Purpose of Collection and Use
We collect and process email data to:
Log and organize email interactions with contacts, leads, and opportunities directly within Insightly CRM.
Enable you to send emails directly from Insightly CRM to streamline your communication workflow.
Provide a complete and accurate history of communications within CRM records for better relationship management.
Third-Party Services
We partner with
Nylas
, a third-party provider, to facilitate email integration. Nylas processes email data on our behalf to securely sync email accounts with Insightly CRM. Specifically:
Data Transmission:
Nylas ensures secure transmission of email data between your email account and Insightly CRM using industry-standard encryption (TLS).
Data Storage:
Email data managed by Nylas is encrypted at rest (AES-256) and stored in compliance with security standards.
For more information on Nylas’ privacy practices, please visit their
Privacy Policy
.
How We Protect Your Data
We prioritize the security of your email data through the following measures:
Encryption:
All email data is encrypted in transit (TLS) and at rest (AES-256).
Access Control:
Access to email data is strictly limited to authorized actions performed by you.
OAuth Token Management:
We securely store and manage OAuth tokens, which are periodically refreshed to ensure continued security.
Your Controls and Choices
You have the following options and rights regarding the email data collected through integration:
Revoke Access:
You may revoke Insightly’s access to your email account at any time by managing connected applications in your Google account settings.
Delete Data:
You may request deletion of synced email data by contacting Insightly Support.
View Authorization Details:
During the setup of email integration, you will be provided with full details about the requested permissions and their purposes.
Data Retention
Email data collected through integration is retained only as long as necessary to fulfill its intended purpose or comply with legal requirements. Upon user request, data can be deleted earlier.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We, as well as third parties that provide content, analytics, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Site, tracking users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Site that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page. Pixel tags allow us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
Local Storage
. We use local storage (LS) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LS such as HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LS.
Behavioral Advertising/Re-Targeting.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Analytics
. We may also use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Services. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
How Insightly Uses the Information We Collect
We acquire, hold, use, and Process Information for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide Services or Information Requested by Clients.
Insightly may use Personal Information to provide the Services, fulfill requests for products, Services, or information, including information about potential or future Services.
Administrative Purposes
. Insightly may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:
Measure interest in Insightly’s Services;
Develop new products and Services;
Ensure internal quality control;
Verify individual identity;
Send email to the email address a Client provides to us to verify your Account and for informational and operational purposes, such as Account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
Process payment for products or services purchased;
Process applications and transactions;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our Terms.
Marketing Insightly Products and Services to Clients
. Insightly may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described below.
Research and Development
. Insightly may use Personal Information to create non-identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us to optimally deliver our existing products and Services or develop new products and Services.
Anonymous and Aggregated Information Use
. Insightly may use Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access Insightly’s Services, or other analyses we create. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Insightly may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Insightly and with Third Parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues
. Insightly’s Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, Insightly allows you to provide information about your friends through our referral services, such as “Tell a Friend.” Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by Insightly or any other Third Parties for any other purpose.
Other Uses
. Insightly may use Personal Information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.
How Insightly Shares the Information We Collect
Insightly does not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Information about you, except as described in this Policy or as you explicitly consent to. We may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy:
Vendors and Service Providers
. We may share Personal Information we receive with vendors and service providers only as necessary to provide the Services to us. The types of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services; (ii) provision of information and services you have requested; (iii) payment processing; (iv) customer service activities; and (v) in connection with the provision of the Site. When you use our messaging and communications tools, including chat tools on our website, we share our communications with the service providers we use to provide those tools. Insightly has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Business Partners
. Insightly may share Personal Information with our business partners, and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes or to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. Insightly may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with Insightly. Insightly requires our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Insightly provided them.
Displaying to Other Users
. If you post content to the community forums, it may be displayed publicly on the Site.
User Testimonials
. We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at
contact@insight.ly
.
Interest-Based Advertising and Third Party Marketing
. Insightly may allow third-party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-Insightly related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising”. We may allow access to other data collected by the Site to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with third-party advertising partners, you may opt-out of such sharing at no cost as described below.
Social Media Widgets
. Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the ‘Share This’ button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., as Required by Law and Similar Disclosures)
. We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other Account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iv) to enforce Insightly policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to Insightly; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. In such event, Insightly will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
Data Privacy Framework [DPF]
. With respect to transfers to third parties that process Personal Information pursuant to our instructions, Insightly remains liable should its vendors and service providers process Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
Data Transfers
We may store all Personal Information we collect anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavour to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
Data Retention
Insightly will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services. We will also retain the personal data we process on behalf of our clients for as long as needed to provide services to our client. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How to Opt-Out
Email and Telephone Communications
. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. You will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested and administrative communications, such as updates to the Terms or this Privacy Policy. We maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt or such shorter time as may be required by law.
Mobile App Push Notifications and Location Data
. Our mobile app may occasionally send you push notifications. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. Insightly may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track”
. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings. The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
www.aboutads.info/choices/
(or if located in the European Union at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Choice
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Insightly will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information.” Insightly will not use Sensitive Personal for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual unless Insightly has received your affirmative and explicit consent (opt-in).
Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction
Clients
. You can modify, update, or delete your account information at any time by clicking on the Settings icon in the global navigation bar at the top right of the screen or by contacting us at
contact@insight.ly
. You may inquire as to whether Insightly is processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information for any reason by contacting us at
contact@insight.ly
. Please include your full name, email address associated with your Account, and a detailed description of your data request. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws. We will respond to any requests for access to Personal Information within 30 days.
Data Controlled by Clients
. We process information at the direction of our clients. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete data that is processed by Insightly for its client should direct his query to the Insightly client (the data controller). If the client requests Insightly to remove the data, we will respond to their request within 30 business days.
Children’s Personal Information
The Service and Site are not intended for, nor does Insightly knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 16. If you have reason to believe that any Personal Information from any children under the age of 16 has been collected or submitted to Insightly for any reason, please notify Insightly at
contact@insight.ly
., and Insightly will seek to remove such information as soon as practicably possible
Protection of Information
The security of your Personal Information and our client’s information is important to us. Insightly maintains reasonable security measures to protect your information from loss, destruction, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure. When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number, on our order forms and login credentials on our platform login page, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). These technologies help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. However, no data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure due to the nature of the distributed network that is the Internet. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at
contact@insight.ly
.
Insightly is SOC 2 compliant and maintains reasonable security measures to protect your information from loss, destruction, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure.
By using our Services or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
Supplemental Notice for California Residents
This Supplemental Notice for California Residents only applies to our processing of Personal Information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of Personal Information Insightly has collected about them and whether Insightly disclosed that Personal Information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by Insightly
Identifiers
.
A real name, postal address, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address.
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose:
Vendors and Service Providers
Social networks
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose:
Vendors and Service Providers
Social networks
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose:
Vendors and Service Providers
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose:
Vendors and Service Providers
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose:
Vendors and Service Providers
Professional or employment-related information.
Current job.
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose:
Vendors and Service Providers
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer.
Profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences.
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose:
Vendors and Service Providers
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using Personal Information are set forth above.
“Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA
For purposes of the CCPA, Insightly does not “sell” Personal Information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents
Non-Discrimination
. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent
. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below.
Verification
. To protect your privacy, we will take the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative, which may include your name, email address, mailing address, and/or password.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Accessibility
. This Privacy Policy uses industry-standard technologies and was developed in line with the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines, version 2.1. If you wish to print this policy, please do so from your web browser or by saving the page as a PDF.
Supplemental Notice for Nevada Residents
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Information to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
contact@insight.ly
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our site includes links to other Sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Insightly. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, you acknowledge that Insightly has no control over such third-party websites, and your information is governed by their privacy policies. Given the fact that Insightly has no ability to exercise control over such third parties, you agree that Insightly shall not be held liable for any claims related to your interaction with, or delivery of personal or other information to, such third-party websites. We strongly encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Single Sign-On
You can log in to our Site using sign-in services from Google. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
Accountability
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework [DPF] Principles, Insightly commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our DPF policy should first contact Insightly at the address listed at the bottom of this privacy policy.
Insightly is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC). In certain circumstances, the Data Privacy FrameworkFramework provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Data Privacy Framework.
Supervisory Authority
If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or Brazil, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Insightly may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You can review the most current version of this Privacy Policy at any time at
www.insightly.com/privacy-policy
. Your continued use of the Site or Services constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to the Privacy Policy. Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, is to discontinue use of the Site and Service. If we make any material changes we will notify you or our client by email sent to the e-mail address on your account or by means of a notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective.
Terms of Service
When you access and use the Services, you are subject and bound to the Insightly Terms of Service, which can be found at
https://www.insightly.com/terms-of-service/
Independent Recourse and Authority Cooperation
Insightly commits to cooperate and comply with advice from the panel established by the EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for unresolved complaints about our handling of personal data under the EU-U.S., UK, and Swiss DPF.
Contact Us
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or about the security practices of Insightly, please contact us by email at
contact@insight.ly
. We would love to hear from you.
Insightly, Inc.
58 West Portal Ave PMB 716
San Francisco, CA 94127
Queries for EU, UK and Swiss Individuals
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. DPF, Insightly commits to resolve DPF-related complaints about our data practices.
EU, UK, and Swiss
individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data should contact Insightly at:
contact@insight.ly
or Insightly, Inc., 58 West Portal Ave PMB 716, San Francisco, CA 94127.
Experience the Insightly platform for yourself
Request a demo
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://www.nylas.com/security:
Security at Nylas
Security is built into the fabric of our products, infrastructure, and processes, so you can rest assured that your data is safeguarded.
Request a demo
Trust Center
Security Measures & Terms
Privacy Policy
Nylas Subprocessors
Security
Security is at the cornerstone of our applications and services and we’re committed to ensuring the unwavering safety of your company’s data. With security built into the core of our products, you can rest assured knowing your data will always be safe, secure, and protected.
Infrastructure security
Nylas utilizes Web Application Firewalls to strengthen infrastructure security. Our infrastructure is continuously monitored for security vulnerabilities and cloud misconfigurations. Any identified vulnerabilities are remediated in a timely manner in accordance with our vulnerability and risk management practices.
Operational resilience
Nylas ensures operational resiliency requirements are built into our architecture design and development processes. Nylas performs Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery and Incident Response tests on at least an annual basis.
Product security
Nylas’ products are built with a security-first mindset. The Nylas Architecture Review process requires mandatory peer reviews, and the SDLC process ensures all new code is scanned using static analysis tools to detect any vulnerabilities in code. Nylas maintains a
Vulnerability Disclosure Program
, private Bug Bounty program and ensures third-party penetration tests are conducted annually
Data isolation
Nylas logically separates account data with the concept of ‘Nylas Applications’. Each Nylas Application has a separate client ID and client secret that requires accounts to be authenticated individually.
Data security
Nylas encrypts data at rest as well as in transit. Nylas utilizes TLS v1.2 or greater for all data in transit. All stored data is encrypted at rest using a minimum of AES-256 or equivalent.
Security monitoring
Nylas continuously monitors network traffic for malicious activities. Nylas uses a security threat detection and SOAR platform to monitor and automate high priority security alerts.
Physical security
Nylas is a fully remote company. All physical security controls are the responsibility of our data center providers:
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
and
Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
.
Privacy
We are committed to ensuring the privacy of your data. We’re further committed to preventing unauthorized access to that data. Our Privacy Policy details what data is collected, how we use it, and how it is stored.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We ensure our data collection and handling practices comply with the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
and its rules on data protection, privacy, and transfer. Nylas is GDPR compliant.
Data Processing Addendum (DPA)
We use a Data Processing Addendum (DPA) to ensure adequate safeguards are put in place to protect customer personal data processed by Nylas. The DPA obliges us to implement appropriate security measures, limit access to personal data, alert customers to incidents and data requests involving their data, and more.
Data Privacy Framework
The EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF were respectively developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law. Nylas is self-certified with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S DPF. You can find more information in our Privacy Policy.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
We comply with the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
, which outlines privacy requirements related to data collection, storage, access, and more. We do not sell the personal information we collect to other parties.
GLBA Privacy Rule
As a partner to our clients in the financial sector, we comply with the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Privacy Rule
.
Compliance
We’ve engaged respected third-party firms to audit our infrastructure and security practices, resulting in a System and Organization Controls (SOC) 2 Type II audit report, HIPAA/HITRUST report, ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 certification.
SOC 2 Type II
SOC 2
is a means for ensuring a service provider adequately secures customer data, and the SSAE 18 audit standard assures customers that a provider’s security apparatus is working smoothly. Our SOC 2 Type II report covering the security, availability, and confidentiality trust service criteria is available under NDA to current and prospective customers.
ISO 27001
ISO 27001
is the world’s best-known standard for information security management systems (ISMS). It defines requirements an ISMS must meet. It provides companies of any size and from all sectors of activity with guidance for establishing, implementing, maintaining and continually improving an information security management system. You can request a copy of our ISO 27001 certificate in our
Trust Center
.
ISO 27701
ISO 27701
is the world’s best-known standard for privacy information management systems (PIMS). It defines requirements a PIMS must meet, and this standard provides companies of any size and from all sectors of activity with guidance for establishing, implementing, maintaining and continually improving a privacy information management system. You can request a copy of our ISO 27701 certificate in our
Trust Center
.
CSA Cloud Security Alliance
The Security Trust Assurance and Risk (STAR) Program encompasses key principles of transparency, rigorous auditing, and harmonization of standards. Companies who use STAR indicate best practices and validate the security posture of their cloud offerings.  This publicly accessible registry allows cloud customers to assess their security providers. View Nylas’s listing
here
.
HIPAA/HITECH
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA)
ensures that the proper security and privacy controls are in place to secure protected health information (PHI). Our report is available under NDA to current and prospective customers.
Cloud compliance
The Nylas Platform runs on
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
and
Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
. We recommend you also review their compliance information by clicking on their links.
Everything connected. Everything secure.
Our first priority is to keep you safe and secure. We are committed to transparency which is why we are trusted by the world’s leading organizations.
The latest in Nylas security
Best practices for protecting API keys
Nylas’ 2023 compliance audits: A benchmark in trust and security
Nylas Security White Paper
Start building the future
Get your API key and connect up to 5 accounts for free.
Build for free
Contact sales
Sub-policy 2
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps