Experience the app with a FREE limited version
by selecting your store above.
ONE Bible App, Many Platforms, Great Add-on Features for the Classroom and Personal Study
Our free Bible app (the entire RSV-2CE) has rich and valuable integrated add-on features for purchase: the Truth and Life Audio NT and the Ignatius Catholic Study Bible.  Other content as well is available from the Augustine Institute directly from within the app.
Now, schools, parishes and other groups can purchase these valuable add-ons up front with one transaction and then activate them across the various iPads, tablets or computers used in the classroom.
Plus, not only will students have access to this powerful Bible App in the classroom, they can use it at home on their personal computer or even on the go with their smartphones (Android or iPhone).  One app, powerful features synced across several platforms for a lifetime of use.  Whether you are examining the Synoptic Gospels, the Letters of St. Paul, the entire New Testament or Scripture as a whole, this powerful, easy to use app brings reading the Bible, searching for content, sharing insights and going deeper with the wisdom of Scripture scholars to your fingertips.
You need to see it and test it to really appreciate how it can change your life, your love of God and your understanding of His Word.  And it's so easy to use!
More details on features below or give it a test drive online with free Gospel of John audio and study features.
Try It Now
Purchase Now
Packed With Free Content
Watch as the text moves in sync at verse level with the dramatized audio. As you hear the audio you will see the verses highlighted in verse level synchronization. Bookmark your favorite verse or establish a playlist order of your own to read/hear the word of God.
Annotated Gospel of John – FREE selections from the Ignatius Press Study Bible.
Over 10 hours of FREE Audio Commentary from Dr. Scott Hahn and St. Paul Center for
Biblical Theology.
Dramatized Audio version of the Gospel of John – FREE selections from the Truth and Life Dramatized
Audio New Testament.
Full Lighthouse Talk by Dr. Scott Hahn – The Lamb's Supper.
Ignatius Press Study Bible
Years in the making, this is the only Catholic Study Bible based on the Revised Standard Version 2nd Catholic Edition. Utilizing the penetrating study tools developed by renowned Bible teachers Dr. Scott Hahn and Curtis Mitch, this volume presents the written Word of God in a highly readable, accurate translation, with comprehensive footnotes linked to the text itself.
Just click the underlined word or verse and the associated footnote pops up.  Quick and easy, an excellent tool for personal and group study.
Truth & Life  Audio Bible
The Truth & Life Dramatized audio Bible New Testament is endorsed with an Imprimatur from the Vatican and includes a foreword by Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI. Voiced by award winning internationally-renowned actors, the Truth & Life audio New Testament is a first of its kind dramatized audio Bible from the RSV-CE.
Just listen as Scripture suddenly comes alive with real character voices and sound effects that draw you into the event as a witness. Hearing the Word with colorful living voices will bring new insights and personal reflection regarding the meaning of verses you've read in black and white a hundred times before.
Award Winning Cast
Voiced by award winning internationally-renowed actors including:	 Neal McDonough, Sean Astin, Kristen Bell, Stacy Keach, Julia Ormond, Malcolm McDowell, Blair Underwood,  Michael York, Brian Cox, John Rhys-Davies and many more. These awards winning actors bring the Bible to life through dramatized audio theater. Hear the people and places you read in the word of God come to life.
Online Web Bible - Free and Enhanced versions
Take on the Word of God through your web browser. Experience the Truth & Life Dramatized Audio Bible in sync with each verse in our online version of the Bible. Quickly navigate to any part of the Bible and simply press play to bring the Word to life!
Keyword Search - Free
Searching the Bible has never been easier and more efffective. Simply search the Bible for a phrase or keyword and the search results instantly are displayed. This allows you to quickly access certain parts or themes that you may be in search for in the Bible.
Jump to Anywhere - Free
Our Bible grid allows you to easily and quickly access anywhere in the Bible at the simple press of a tap. Now you can quickly beat anyone to a verse lookup challenge. The Bible grid has been designed to simplify and expedite your verse search.
Bible Playlist - Free
Easily read and listen to the Bible in 40 days order or simply create your own playlist within the Bible. Also already included is a New Testament Chronological reading/listening Plan. Challenge yourself to one of these plans today to explore and expand your Bible knowledge.
Endorsed with an Imprimatur
The Truth & Life Dramatized audio Bible New Testament is endorsed with an Imprimatur from the Vatican and includes a foreword by Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI.
Purchase the Premium Content
on the Catholic Study Bible App today!
And experience the Word of God in a whole new way!
Purchase Now
Privacy & Terms
Contact Us
© 2025 Ignatius Press / Augustine Institute / FutureSoft, Inc. All Rights Reserved
loading
loading
loading
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.lighthousecatholicmedia.org/about/privacy.html:
Login
Orders cannot currently be placed through LighthouseCatholicMedia.org.
				To place an order, please call customer service at
1-866-767-3155
or visit
Catholic Market
.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which the Augustine Institute
	collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users 
	(each, a "User") of the www.lighthousecatholicmedia.org website ("Site"). This 
	privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by 
	the Augustine Institute.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety 
	of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on 
	the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, 
	fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or 
	resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as 
	appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card 
	information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect 
	personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit 
	such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally 
	identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in 
	certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever 
	they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may 
	include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about 
	Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the 
	Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser 
	places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to 
	track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to 
	refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, 
	note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
The Augustine Institute may collect and use Users personal 
	information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer 
			service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and 
			services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves 
			when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share 
			this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide 
			the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about 
			topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and 
			updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their 
			inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our 
			mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, 
			related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like 
			to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe 
			instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
			How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and 
	security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, 
	disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, 
	transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens 
	over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with 
	digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability 
	standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for 
	Users.
Sharing your personal information
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and 
	the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out 
	newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties 
	for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Augustine Institute has the discretion to update this privacy 
	policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom 
	of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes 
	to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information 
	we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review 
	this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do 
	not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the 
	Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your 
	acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this 
	site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
The Augustine Institute 
6160 S. Syracuse Way
Suite 310
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
866-767-3155
customer.service@augustineinstitute.org
This document was last updated on June 6, 2016
Empowering The New Evangelists
The Augustine Institute
6160 S. Syracuse Way
Suite 310
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
Phone:
866-767-3155
Fax: 815-895-0333
Email:
Customer Service
Find Out More
Home
Parishes
Subscriptions
Store
Resource Center
Netsuite
Support
About Us
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Downloads