|
Home
OUR NETWORK
LAST MINUTE
FARES AND TICKETS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
LEISURE AND TOURISM
CONTACT
EMPLOYEES
-
Privacy Policy
At Empresa Municipal de Transportes de València, hereinafter EMT, we undertake to protect privacy and the use personal data correctly. EMT complies with the requirements of Law 34/2002, of 11 July, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce.
Specifically, EMT complies with current regulations on the protection of personal data, in particular, the General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016) and Organic Law 3/2018 of 5 December on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, the free movement of such data within the European Union and the guarantee of digital rights.
The data collected from each data subject for all processing shall be adequate, relevant and not excessive, the minimum necessary, in relation to the corresponding purposes for each case. The data subject may exercise the right of access, rectification, deletion (right to be forgotten), opposition to a specific type of processing, limitation or portability of their personal data. The data collected shall be kept for the strictly necessary period of time for any processing and shall be safeguarded with sufficient security measures (anonymised). Regardless of the legal basis that legitimises the processing of your personal data, EMT shall comply with the duty of confidentiality, even once the relationship has ended. In the event that EMT entrusts the processing to a third entity, EMT as data controller shall, in turn, select the entity which guarantees compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation.
EMT reserves the right to modify or adapt this Privacy Policy at any time. As such, we recommend that you check it each time you access the website
https://www.emtvalencia.es
.
The data subject shall be informed, prior to the collection of their data, of the general provisions regulated in this policy in accordance with the following aspects:
Who is responsible for processing your personal data?
What are your personal data processed for?
What is the legal basis that legitimises the processing of your personal data?
How long do we keep your personal data for?
Who can be a transferee or recipient of your personal data?
What are your rights in data protection and how can they be exercised?
Regulations governing the use of cookies in
www.emtvalencia.es
Privacy policy for Mobile Applications
1. Who is responsible for processing your personal data?
The data collected, or provided voluntarily, either by browsing the website, as well as all those you can provide in the contact forms, via email or telephone, shall be collected and processed by the processing controller, whose details are indicated below:
Company name: Empresa Municipal de Transportes de Valencia S.A.U.
Tax ID Number: A-46.318.416
Postal address: Plaza del Correo Viejo, 5, 46001 de Valencia
Telephone +34 96 315 85 00
Email:
emt@emtvalencia.es
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
URL:
https://www.emtvalencia.es
Contact Data Protection Delegation (DPD):
dpd@emtvalencia.es
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
If, for any reason, you wish to contact us on any matter relating to the processing of your personal data or privacy, you may do so by any of the means indicated above.
2. What are your personal data processed for?
The data we are provided with, as well as any other data generated during the ongoing relationship with the users, may be processed for different purposes depending on the municipal services included in the provision and, in any case, to maintain contact and communication with them. Where appropriate, more explicit and specific purposes may be indicated in the information clauses included in each of the data collection channels (web forms, paper forms, voiceovers or posters and information notes) for specific cases.
3. What is the legal basis that legitimises the processing of your personal data?
The legal basis that legitimises us to process your data can vary: in some cases it may be the consent of the persons concerned, in others the fulfilment of a legal obligation on our part, in others the fulfilment of a mission carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of public powers, in others the protection of vital interests and in others the execution of a contract. The provision of the requested data is obligatory as it is essential to meet your request and/or provide our services; if you do not provide them, we will not be able to carry them out or provide them. When the processing is based on your consent, it shall be understood to have been given unequivocally, and it shall be considered as a clear affirmative act on your part, that you manifest this consent.
4. How long do we keep your personal data for?
In general, the personal data disclosed to us shall be kept in order to maintain a service history and to manage our services efficiently, as long as the user does not request their deletion. Even when deletion is requested, they shall be kept blocked for the necessary period, and their processing shall be limited solely to one of the following cases: compliance with legal/contractual obligations of any kind to which we are subject and/or during the legal periods foreseen for the limitation of any responsibilities on our part and/or the exercise or defence of claims derived from the relationship maintained with the user. In other cases, the retention period shall depend on what is specified for any processing of personal data.
5. Who can be a transferee or recipient of your personal data?
The data you provide us with may be disclosed to third parties for purposes directly related to the legitimate functions of the assignor and the assignee, such as entities or bodies where there is a legal obligation to communicate data, public or private entities or organisations with which we reach agreements to develop or offer services.
6. What are your rights in data protection and how can they be exercised?
Right to access
: You can ask us which personal data we are processing.
Right to rectification
: You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal data, or to complete those that are incomplete, including by means of an additional declaration.
Right to deletion (right to be forgotten)
: You may ask us to delete your personal data if it is not necessary for the purposes for which it was collected; if you withdraw your consent; if it has been processed unlawfully; or to comply with a legal obligation.
Right to the restriction of processing
: Under certain circumstances, you may ask us to restrict the processing of your data, in which case we shall only keep them to exercise or defend claims.
Right to object
: Under certain circumstances, and for reasons related to your particular situation, you may object to the processing of your data. In such cases, EMT shall stop processing them, except for compelling legitimate reasons, or to exercise or defend possible claims.
Right to portability
: The data subject has the right to receive personal data concerning them in a commonly used, machine-readable format as far as technically possible.
Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights you can contact us by sending written correspondence to the following email address
atencioalaciutadania@emtvalencia.es
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
or to our postal address Empresa Municipal de Transportes de Valencia S.A.U. Plaza del Correo Viejo, 5, 46001 de Valencia. The request to exercise any of your rights must be accompanied by a copy of an official document that identifies you (ID card, driving licence or passport).
Finally, we hereby inform you that you can contact the Spanish Data Protection Agency and other competent public bodies for any claim derived from the processing of your personal data.
7. Regulations governing the use of cookies in www.emtvalencia.es
By accessing and browsing the site, or using the services provided via the same, the User accepts the Terms and Conditions set out in our Legal Notice and Privacy Policy. Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully.
We thank you for visiting our site. We want you to enjoy the best experience possible during your visit, and to this end we have written this Cookies Policy as clearly as possible.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to the device used by the user when visiting a website. Their main purpose is to recognise the user each time he/she accesses www.emtvalencia.es, as well as to enable us to improve the quality and usability of our site.
Cookies are essential for the functioning of the Internet, they are not capable of causing damage to the user's computer or device and, if they are enabled in your browser settings, they help us identify and resolve possible errors in the website.
Types of Cookies
There are different types of cookies. They all work in the same way, albeit with small differences:
Session Cookies
. The main purpose of these cookies is to identify the type of device used and to support the security or the basic functionality of the website. They do not contain personal information that allows us to identify the user. They exist only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser.
Tracking Cookies
. These cookies are stored on the device’s hard drive and are read by our website every time you visit. They have a pre-established expiration date, after which the cookie ceases to function. They enable us to identify your actions and preferences, analyse visits, help us to understand how users reach our site and improve our services.
Operational Cookies
. These cookies allow the website to remember decisions taken by the user, such login or ID. The information collected by these cookies is anonymous (i.e., it does not contain your name, your address, or any other personal data).
Third Party Cookies
. Third-party cookies are cookies that are installed by a web site different to the website you are visiting: for example, those used by social networks (such as Facebook) or by external content plugins (such as Google Maps). Additionally, some advertising companies use this type of file to keep track of your visits in each site in which they are advertised.
Analytic Cookies
. Analytic cookies are used to ensure regular maintenance and to guarantee that the user obtains optimum performance and service, which they do by collecting data relative to your activity.
Use of Cookies by www.emtvalencia.es
By accessing our website www.emtvalencia.es, you explicitly accept our use of cookies in your devices. If you disable the cookies, you may experience less than optimum results when browsing www.emtvalencia.es. Furthermore, certain of the utilities provided in the website may not function correctly.
EMT Cookies
These are used to recognize the user and to provide you with a better service during successive visits, as well as to adapt the content which you are shown.
None of the cookies used enable contact with your phone number, your email or any other means of contact. The cookies used cannot extract information from your hard drive or steal personal information.
The cookies used are:
info_paradas. To manage access to the information about bus stops.
jfcookie[lang]. To enable the user to access information in the chosen language
Third Party Cookies
The site uses the Google Analytics service, which is provided by Google, Inc., an organization whose main office is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, USA ("Google").
Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers in the United States. Google will use this information on our behalf in order to track your use of the website, compile reports on website activity and provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transmit this information to third parties when required to do so by law, or when such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
The cookies used are: _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmv and _utmz.
If you wish, you can refuse the processing of this data or information by rejecting the use of cookies. To do so, select the appropriate settings in your browser. However, if you do so, you may not obtain the full functionality of this website. By using this site you consent to the processing of your information by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above.
The Google Analytics cookies generate an anonymous user ID that is used to count the times the user visits www.emtvalencia.es. They also record the first and last visits to the website. Similarly, the end of each session, the origin of the user and the corresponding keywords are also recorded.
User settings to prevent Cookies
Via www.emtvalencia.es, and in compliance with current legislation, we have included information that will enable you to configure your Internet browser in order to maintain your privacy and security in relation to cookies. To this end, below you will find information and links to the official support sites of the major browsers so that you can decide whether or not you want to accept the use of cookies.
You can block cookies using your browser’s settings tools, or alternatively you can set your browser to notify you when a server wants to save a cookie:
If you use Microsoft Internet Explorer, in the Tools menu > Internet Options > Privacy > Settings. To learn more visit
http://windows.microsoft.com
or consult your browser support.
If you use Firefox, in Tools > Options > Privacy > Cookies. To learn more visit
http://support.mozilla.org
or consult your browser support.
If you use Chrome, in Options > Advanced Options > Privacy. To learn more visit
http://support.google.com/chrome
or consult your browser help.
If you use Opera, you can change the browser’s settings in Privacy and Security. To learn more visit
http://www.opera.com
or consult your browser support.
If you use Safari, in Preferences > Security. To learn more visit
http://www.apple.com/es/support/safari
or consult your browser support.
8 Privacy policy for Mobile Applications
The mobile applications created by EMT and made available to its customers in Android, iOS and Huawei markets are subject to the same conditions regarding the privacy policy and the processing of personal data indicated on this website.
Location services.
Mobile applications use the location services of the user's device to be able to locate and offer information about bus stops and transport services near their current location, as well as to suggest routes on public means of transport managed by the application, within the city of Valencia. Also, in the case of selecting the real-time tracking on any of these suggested routes, in order to offer you information during your travel, such as the notification of next stops, events during the route and the notice of having reached the end of the route.
Use of Location in the background.
The indicated location services may remain active in the background (on mobile platforms that allow it), only for the duration of the tracking of the route that the user has requested, in order to be able to offer assistance and information during it.
These location services are only used for the stated purpose.
CONTRACTOR PROFILE
|
QUALITY OF SERVICE
|
ENVIROMENT
|
PRIVACY / COOKIES
|
ACCESSIBILITY
|
LEGAL NOTICE
|
COMPLIANCE
SITE MAP
|
TRANSPARENCY PORTAL
Municipal Transport Company of Valencia S.A.U   |   Office: Phone 96 315 85 00 - Customer Service: Phone 96 315 85 15
KMS emulation technology to provide permanent activation for all versions of Windows and Microsoft Office products from
kmspico
official.
deneme bonusu
deneme bonusu veren siteler
bonus veren siteler
Thepokies
- Juegos Tragamonedas Online.
canlı bahis siteleri