Privacy Policy
Effective as of : August 01 2024
Please click
here
to view the previous version of our Privacy Policy.
Welcome to Cambly! This Privacy Policy details how we collect, use, and
         disclose information about you in connection with your use of the
        general-audience Cambly website located at
www.cambly.com
,
mobile applications, as well as any other properties that link to this
        Privacy Policy (the “Services”). By accessing or using the
        Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this
        Privacy Policy, please do not access or use the Services. Cambly Inc. is
        the data controller for your information.
For information about our child-directed Cambly Kids service made
        available through
https://www.cambly.com/kids/student
(the “Cambly Kids Site”), please see our
        Children’s Privacy Policy located
here
for information on how we collect, use, and disclose personal
        information collected from children.
We provide important information for individuals located in the
        European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and California
below
.
Cambly
may provide additional or supplemental privacy policies to
        individuals for specific products or services that we offer at the time
        we collect personal information. These supplemental privacy policies
        will govern how we may process the information in the context of the
        specific product or service.
Table of Contents
1. The Information We Collect
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
3. With Whom & Why We Disclose Your Information
4. Online Analytics and Advertising
5. Security of Your Information
6. Data Retention
7. Consent to Transfer
8. Children’s Privacy
9. Third-Party Websites
10. Your Choices
11. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
12. Contacting Us
13. Additional Regional Disclosures
a. European Economic Area, United Kingdom, Turkey, and Brazil
b. Nevada
c. California Notice at Collection
The Information We
Collect
We collect information about you through providing the Services. The
        types of information we collect depends on the features you use through
        the Services. Please note that we need certain types of information to
        provide the Services to you. If you do not provide us with such
        information, or if you ask us to delete that information, you may no
        longer be able to access or use the Services.
Information You Provide Directly to Us
We may collect information that you provide directly to us
        through:
Your use of and interactions with the Services, such as when you
          register for an account, share your learning goals, or interact with
          tutors, students, and chatbots through the Services;
Your use of and interactions with artificial intelligence
          (“AI”) technologies in connection with the
Services
;
Your participation in surveys, provide reviews, or when you fill out
          our forms;
Your requests for information, such as when inquiring about tutoring
          services;
Your purchases, such as when you purchase tutoring services;
Your subscription to newsletters;
Your registration for contests or promotions;
Your requests for support and/or technical assistance;
Your transmission of user content or other information to us;
          and
Any other communications you have with us.
The information you provide directly to us may concern you or others
        and may include, but is not limited to:
identifiers
, such as account and contact information, name, a username, email
          address, profile picture, display name, password, date of birth,
          address, gender, and other information you provide;
commercial and financial information
, such as your payment card number, expiration date, billing address,
          and payment account name;
demographic information
, such as your country of residence, time zone, and language(s)
          spoken;
audio and visual information
, such as your voice and image in recordings of your interactions
          with tutors, students, and chatbots;
location information
, such as general geolocation data inferred from an IP address;
           and
other content and information you provide
, such as your availability for tutoring sessions, your learning
          goals, the information you share in tutoring sessions, and the
          information you share when you communicate with us including via the
          Services or by email.
You are not required to provide us with such information, but certain
        features of the Services may not be accessible or available, absent the
        provision of the requested information.
Information from Affiliates and Non-Affiliated Third Parties
We may collect information about you or others through our affiliates
        or through non-affiliated third parties. For example, Cambly tutors may
        take notes on your conversations, based on information provided during
        tutoring sessions. We may combine information that we collect from you
        through the Services with information that we obtain from such third
        parties, such as if you sign in with a third party service or social
        media networks, and information derived from other products or services
        we provide.
Information We Collect Automatically: Internet or Other Network
        Activity
Device/Usage Information
.
We and our third-party service providers, which include ad
        networks and analytics companies such as Google Analytics, may use
        cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect
        information about the computers or devices (including mobile devices)
        you use to access the Services. As described further below, we may
        collect and analyze information including but not limited to (a) browser
        type; (b) ISP or operating system; (c) domain name; (d) access time; (e)
        referring or exit pages; (f) page views; (g) IP address; (h) unique
        device identifiers (e.g. IDFA or Android ID); and (i) the type of device
        that you use. We may also track when and how frequently you access or
        use the Services, including how you engage with or navigate our website
        or mobile application. We use this information (including the
        information collected by our third-party service providers) for
        analytics (including to determine which portions of the Services are
        used most frequently and what our users like/do not like), to assist in
        determining relevant advertising (both on and off the Services), to
        evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns, and as otherwise
        described in this Privacy Policy. To the extent you access the Service
        through different platforms (e.g., the Cambly website and Cambly mobile
        applications) or use different devices (e.g., your mobile phone and
        personal computer), we may cross-reference and combine the information
        we collect in each instance.
Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies
.
We and our third-party service providers may use cookies, clear GIFs,
        pixel tags, flash cookies, and other technologies that help us better
        understand user behavior, personalize preferences, perform research and
        analytics, and improve the Services. These technologies, for example,
        may allow us to tailor the Services to your needs, save your password in
        password-protected areas, track the pages you visit, help us manage
        content, and compile statistics about usage of our Services. Some
        cookies may expire after a single session, but others may persist even
        after your session is over.
We or our third-party service providers also may use certain of these
        technologies in emails to our customers to help us track email response
        rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails
        are forwarded.
We use cookies, pixels, and similar technologies in our websites and
        applications to collect and send information to Meta about actions you
        take on our website and applications. In particular, Meta uses this
        information to provide services to us and also for further processing
        for its own business purposes. We and Meta are joint controllers of the
        processing involved in collecting and sending your personal information
        to Meta using cookies and similar technologies as each of us has a
        business interest in Meta receiving this information. The services we
        receive from Meta that use this information are delivered to us through
        Meta’s API. These tools allow us to target advertising to you
        within Meta’s social media platforms by creating audiences based
        on your actions on our website and applications and allow Meta to
        improve and optimize the targeting and delivery of our advertising
        campaigns for us.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but your browser may
        allow you to modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you
        prefer. If you disable cookies, you may be prevented from taking full
        advantage of the Services, because the Services may not function
        properly. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather
        additional information through other methods.
To learn more about our cookies or manage your cookie preferences,
        click
here
.
Session-replay Technologies.
We may use session-replay technologies
, such as those provided by PostHog, which employs software code to
        record users’ interactions with the Service in a manner that
        allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays
        include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements,
        scrolls, keystrokes and key touches during those sessions. These replays
        help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement.
        You can learn more about PostHog at
https://posthog.com/privacy
.
Artificial
Intelligence.
Cambly uses AI technologies to enhance our Services and the learning
        experience, including in connection with our chatbots and your tutoring
        sessions.
For example, we may use AI technologies
to help you practice your English, analyze your progress and usage
        patterns, and to personalize and provide insights about your learning
        journey. By using Cambly, you acknowledge and consent to the use of AI
        technologies as described in this agreement. We are committed to
        transparency in how we use AI. If you have any questions or concerns
        about our AI technologies or how your data is being used, please contact
        us
here
.
Biometric Information.
On occasion, Cambly may analyze biometric information from students,
        such as facial images or voiceprints, in order to prevent fraud and
        illegal activity. This is to help keep our users and platform safe for
        everyone. Cambly only collects biometric identifiers during trial
        lessons from students, not tutors. Cambly and its service providers do
        not store biometric information unless fraudulent or illegal activity
        has been detected, and will keep any retained biometric information for
        no longer than 1 year.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use your information for business and commercial purposes, such
        as:
To provide you with the Services, including to register you for an
          account, enable tutoring sessions, and process transactions;
To enable features such as speech recognition, language processing,
          and personalized experiences (such as lesson summaries, classroom
          content, practice activities, quizzes, and chatbots);
To respond to your questions or inquiries, including to provide
          support and troubleshooting assistance;
To communicate with you, including to communicate with you about your
          account, inquiries, our company, and send you related news,
          newsletters, or notifications;
To send you transactional and promotional emails, surveys, requests
          to rate and review the Services, and opportunities to provide feedback
          regarding the Services;
To manage and remember your preferences and customize the
          Services;
To analyze and improve the Services or any other products and
          services we provide;
To administer surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests;
To improve our advertising and marketing, such as to provide you with
          recommendations for products or services that may interest you;
To verify your identity;
To comply with our legal obligations or as permitted by law;
To protect the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, third
          parties, members of the public, and/or our Services;
To prevent fraud and enforce our legal terms; and
To administer and troubleshoot the Services.
We may combine information that we collect from you through the
        Services with information that we obtain from affiliated and
        nonaffiliated third parties, and information derived from any other
        products or services we provide.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the
        Services. We may use de-identified or aggregated data for any purpose,
        including without limitation for research and marketing purposes and may
        also share such data with any third parties, including without
        limitation, service providers, advertisers, promotional partners,
        sponsors, event promoters, and/or others.
With Whom & Why We Disclose Your Information
We may disclose your personal information in connection with the
        following:
Affiliates and Subsidiaries
: We may disclose your information to Cambly affiliates and
          subsidiaries.
Consent/At Your Direction
:
We may disclose your information to nonaffiliated third parties
          based on your consent to do so. Such consent includes the disclosure
          of your information (a) in order to connect you with tutors and
          students, or otherwise in connection with your tutoring sessions; (b)
          when we have your permission, such as if you direct us to share
          information about a tutoring session on a social networking site; or
          (c) as described in this Privacy Policy, the User Agreement, or any
          other legal terms governing your use of the Services.
Service Providers
: We provide access to or disclose your information with select
          Service Providers. They provide a variety of services to us, including
          data storage, analytics, billing, marketing, product content and
          features (including AI technologies), customer service, data storage,
          security, fraud prevention, and legal services.
Professional advisors
:
We may disclose your personal information to professional
          advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where
          necessary in the course of the professional services that they render
          to us.
Protection of Cambly and Others
: We may disclose certain information if we believe in good faith
          that doing so is necessary or appropriate to (i) protect or defend the
          rights, safety, or property of Cambly or third parties, including to
          defend or enforce our Privacy Policy, our User Agreement, or any other
          contractual arrangement; (ii) respond to your requests for customer
          service; and/or (iii) protect the rights, property or personal safety
          of Cambly, its agents and affiliates, its employees, users and/or the
          public.
Legal Requirements
: We may disclose certain information if we believe in good faith
          that doing so is necessary or appropriate to comply with any law
          enforcement, legal, or regulatory process, such as to respond to a
          warrant, subpoena, court order, or other applicable laws and
          regulations.
Business Transfer
: We may disclose certain information, in connection with or during a
          business transaction (or potential business transaction), such as any
          merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a
          portion of our business to another company.
Aggregate/Anonymous Information:
From time to time, we may disclose aggregate/anonymous
          information about use of the Services, such as by creating reports on
          usage trends. The sharing of such data is unrestricted.
While Cambly strives to protect your personal information within our
        platform, we cannot control whether other users share information more
        broadly. Cambly is not responsible for the protection or privacy of any
        information that other users share outside of the platform, and we
        disclaim any liability for their actions or conduct.
Online Analytics and Advertising
Analytics
We may use third-party web analytics services on the Services, such as
        those of Google Analytics. These service providers use the sort of
        technology described in the “Information we collect
        automatically” section above to help us analyze how users use the
        Services, including by noting the third-party website from which you
        arrive. The information collected by the technology will be disclosed to
        or collected directly by these service providers, who use the
        information to evaluate your use of the Services. We also use Google
        Analytics for certain purposes related to advertising, as described in
        the following section. To prevent Google Analytics from using your
        information for analytics, you may install the
Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on
.
Advertising
We may allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such
        as Google Analytics) to access their own cookies or other tracking
        technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to
        access the Services. We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy
        Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that
        may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to
        access the Services by non-affiliated, third-party ad technologies, ad
        servers, ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties. Those
        parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of
        targeted advertising as described below. You may receive tailored
        advertising on your computer through a web browser. When we use
        third-party cookies and other tracking tools, we may disclose your
        personal information to those companies to help us analyze use of the
        Service, display advertisements on the Service and advertise the Service
        elsewhere online.
If you are interested in more information about tailored browser
        advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on
        your computer to deliver tailored marketing, you may visit the Network
        Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”)
Consumer Opt-Out Link
and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance's (“DAA”)
Consumer Opt-Out Link
to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that
        participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for
        Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads, you can
        visit the
Google Ads Settings page
. Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated
        into the Services, you may still receive advertising content even if you
        opt out of tailored advertising. In that case, the advertising content
        may not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of
        the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make
        using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of
        these mechanisms. If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when
        you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use
        a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may
        no longer be effective. Additional information is available on NAI's
        and DAA's websites, accessible by the above links.
Security of Your Information
We implement security measures to protect your information. It is
        important that you protect and maintain the security of your account
        credentials and notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your
        account. Please understand that no data transmission over the Internet
        can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or
        warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Data Retention
We keep your information until we determine it is no longer necessary
        for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which
        we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and
        use it and your choices, after which time we may delete and/or aggregate
        it. We may also retain and use this information as necessary to comply
        with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
        agreements.
Consent to Transfer
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your
        personal information will be processed by us in the United States, where
        data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of
        protection as in other parts of the world. By using the Services, you
        agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such
        information to the United States, which may not offer a level of
        protection equivalent to that required in the European Union, United
        Kingdom, or certain other countries, and to the processing of that
        information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
The Cambly Kids Site contains content appropriate for children,
        including those under the age of 13 in the United States or 16 in all
        other jurisdictions (“children”), and may collect personal
        information directly from children. For more information about our
        distinct practices concerning collection, use, and disclosure of
        children’s personal information in connection with the Cambly Kids
        Site, please see our
Children’s Privacy Policy
.
Our general-audience Services are not directed to children. If you
        become aware that your child has provided us with personal information
        through the Services, please contact us
here
. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children
        through the Services, other than through Cambly Kids. If we become aware
        that a child has provided us with personal information, we will take
        steps to remove that information as required by applicable law and
        terminate the applicable account.
Third-Party Websites
Our Services may link to third-party websites from companies other than
        Cambly, such as to relevant online resources, our partners’
        websites, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the
        privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any
        questions about how these other websites use your information, you
        should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not
        responsible for the actions of third parties.
Your Choices
You have certain rights and choices with respect to your information,
        such as:
Profile Information and Accounts
: If you have an account on our Services, you can access and edit the
          information you provided to us through individual settings in the
          Services. If you want to terminate your account, please  request
          account termination through settings in the Services or by contacting
          us
here
.
Marketing Emails
: To opt out of marketing email communications, you may click the
          “unsubscribe” link in our marketing emails.
Cookies & Analytics
: You can opt out of certain cookie-related and analytics processing
          by following the instructions in this Privacy Policy.
Regional Privacy Disclosures and Rights
: Additional disclosures for residents of the European Economic Area,
          United Kingdom, Turkey, Brazil, California, Korea, and Nevada are set
          forth below in
Additional Regional Disclosures
.
For information about how Cambly adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, 
        the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, 
        see the
Cambly EU-US Data Privacy Framework Statement.
Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such
        requests in some circumstances, which may include needing to continue
        processing your information to comply with a legal obligation. We may
        request that you provide us with information necessary to confirm your
        identity before responding to your request.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we make material
        changes to our Policy, we will notify you and other users as required by
        law. By continuing to use our Services, you are agreeing to be bound by
        any changes or revisions made to this Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy
        Policy or practices, please contact Cambly’s support team
here
or write to us at the following address:
Cambly Inc.
440 N. Barranca Ave.#4343
Covina, CA 91723
Additional Regional Disclosures
European Economic Area, United Kingdom,
Turkey
, Korea, and Brazil
You may have the following rights, under certain circumstances. To
        exercise any of your rights please contact us
here
. Your local laws may permit you to request that we:
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about
          you;
Prevent the processing of your information for direct marketing
          purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on
          profiling);
Update or rectify information which is out of date or
          incorrect;
Delete certain information that we are holding about you;
Oppose, cancel or restrict the way that we process and disclose
          certain information;
Transfer your information to a third-party provider of services;
          and
Revoke your consent for the processing of your information.
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time
        period stated by applicable law. Please note, however, that certain
        information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances,
        which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our
        legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may
        request that you provide us with information necessary to confirm your
        identity before responding to your request as required or permitted by
        applicable law.
If you have unresolved concerns, you may lodge a complaint with your
        local data protection authority. However, we encourage you to contact us
        first, and we will do our best to resolve your concern.
The laws of some jurisdictions such as the European Union and United
        Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that
        they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing your information. To the
        extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
Contractual Commitments
: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual
          commitments to you (e.g., to comply with our User Agreement, which you
          accept by browsing or otherwise using the Services).
With Your Consent
: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or
          disclose information on the basis of your consent.
Legitimate Interests
: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground
          that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are
          not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of
          the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain
          promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business,
          providing security for our Services, preventing fraud, and managing
          legal issues.
Legal Compliance
: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to
          comply with our legal obligations.
For Turkey-specific disclosures for tutors, please click
here
, for students, please click
here
, and for our cookie policy, click
here
.
For Korea-specific disclosures, please click
here
.
Nevada
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of
        “personally identifiable information” for monetary
        consideration (as such terms are defined by Nevada law). We do not
        engage in such activity.
California
Notice at Collection
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the
        California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”) requires us
        to provide some additional information to California residents. This
        subsection only applies to you if you are a California resident, and
        i
t applies only to personal information we collect on or through the
        Services and through other means (such as information collected offline
        and over the telephone). It does not apply to personal information we
        collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as
        employees and job applicants.
Categories of Information we Collect
California law requires us to disclose information regarding the
        categories of personal information that we have collected about
        California consumers, the categories of sources from which the
        information was collected, the business or commercial purposes (as those
        terms are defined by applicable law) for which the information was
        collected, and the categories of parties to whom we disclose personal
        information. Section 1 above describes the information we collect from
        and about you; Section 2 describes the purposes for which we use this
        information; and Section 3 describes when and to whom we disclose data.
        The CCPA requires us to list the personal information we collect by
        category along with the purposes of its use and the unaffiliated parties
        to which it is disclosed.
Categories
of Personal Information
(see Section 1 above)
Purposes of Use
(see Section 2 above)
Categories of Other Parties to Whom We Disclose the Information
              for Business and Operational Purposes
(see Section 3 above)
Identifiers
(e.g.,
name, email address, phone number, and other account
              information)
Provide the Services
Respond to questions or inquiries
Communicate with you
Manage and remember your preferences and customize the
                Services
Analyze and improve the Services
Administer surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests
Advertising and marketing
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Administer and troubleshoot the Services
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service providers
Ad networks and advertising partners
Entities for legal and security purposes
Professional advisors
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Others with your consent, such as when you connect with
                students or tutors on the Services
Commercial information
(e.g.,
transaction data regarding the transactions you’ve made
              with or through us)
Provide the Services
Respond to questions or inquiries
Communicate with you
Manage and remember your preferences and customize the
                Services
Analyze and improve the Services
Advertising and marketing
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Administer and troubleshoot the Services
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service Providers
Ad networks and advertising partners
Entities for legal and security purposes
Professional advisors
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Others with your consent, such as when you connect with
                students or tutors on the Services
Financial information
(e.g.,
payment or other financial information)
Provide the Services
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service Providers
Entities for legal and security purposes
Professional advisors
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Internet or other network or device activity
(e.g.,
IP address, unique device identifiers, advertising and app
              identifiers, browsing history, or other usage data)
Provide the Services
Respond to questions or inquiries
Communicate with you
Manage and remember your preferences and customize the
                Services
Analyze and improve the Services
Administer surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests
Advertising and marketing
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Administer and troubleshoot the Services
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service providers
Ad networks and advertising partners
Entities for legal and security purposes
Professional advisors
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Others with your consent
Employment information
(e.g.,
job positions and titles, and business contact information)
Provide
the
Services
Respond to questions or inquiries
Communicate with you
Manage and remember your preferences and customize the
                Services
Analyze and improve the Services
Advertising and marketing
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Administer and troubleshoot the Services
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service providers
Entities for legal and security purposes
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Professional advisors
Others with your consent, such as when you connect with
                students or tutors on the Services
General location information
(e.g.,
your general location inferred from an IP address)
Provide the Services
Respond to questions or inquiries
Communicate with you
Manage and remember your preferences and customize the
                Services
Analyze and improve the Services
Administer surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests
Advertising and marketing
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Administer and troubleshoot the Services
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service Providers
Ad networks and advertising partners
Entities for legal and security purposes
Professional advisors
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Others with your consent, such as when you disclose location
                information to other users
Audio or visual information
(e.g.,
video and audio recordings of tutoring sessions)
Provide the Services
Respond to questions or inquiries
Communicate with you
Analyze and improve the Services
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Administer and troubleshoot the Services
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service providers
Entities for legal and security purposes
Professional advisors
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Other users, such as when the participants of a tutoring
                session access recordings of the session
Others with your consent, such as when you agree to share
                recordings of your tutoring sessions publicly
Biometric information
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service providers
Entities for legal and security purposes
Protected classification and demographic information
(e.g.,
information from our users that reveals information related to
              protected classifications, such as ethnicity or nationality)
Provide the Services
Respond to questions or inquiries
Verify identity
Comply with legal obligations or as permitted by law
Protect safety and integrity
Prevent fraud and enforce legal terms
Affiliates and subsidiaries
Service providers
Entities for legal and security purposes
Professional advisors
Entities for sales or transfer of business or assets
Others with your consent, such as when you directly or
                indirectly disclose such information to students or tutors
Other information
(
any other information you provide to us that directly or
              indirectly identifies you, such as information you include in
              emails or other communications to us)
Purposes of use will depend on the additional information you
              provide
Disclosure will depend on the additional information you
              provide
Some of the categories of personal information above may also be
        “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. We may
        collect the following types of “sensitive personal
information
”: (1) account log-in and password or other credentials allowing
        access to your Cambly account; and (2) information you share that may
        reveal race/ethnic origin or other protected classifications.
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from
        the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of
        the Services; and (3) third parties such as social media networks and
        analytics or attribution partners.
Additionally, if you create a tutor profile through the Service, you
        are directing us to share your tutor profile with prospective students.
        If you use the Service as a student and schedule or join a tutoring
        session, you are directing us to share your student profile with the
        other participants. Your student or tutor profile may include the
        following categories of personal information: (1) identifiers; (2)
        demographic information; (3) information related to protected
        classifications; (4) audio/video data; and (5) other information that
        identifies or can reasonably identify you.
Your CCPA Rights
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights.
        California law may permit you to request that we:
Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected
          or disclosed about you; the categories of sources of such information;
          the business or commercial purpose for collecting,
          “selling,” or “sharing” your personal
          information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or
          “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal
          information; and the categories of personal information we
          “sell” or “share.”
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about
          you.
Delete certain information we have about you.
Correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
You also have the right to opt out of “sales” and
        “sharing” of personal information, as described in the
        “Sales and Sharing of Personal Information” subsection
        below. You may have the right to receive information about the financial
        incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to not
        be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for
        exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt
        from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of
        information so that we can provide the Services to you. If you ask us to
        delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the
        Services.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us
here
. You will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your
        request. If you have an online account with us, logging into your
        account will serve to verify your identity and request, although we may
        request additional information if we believe your account has been
        compromised. If you do not have an account with us, or if we have reason
        to suspect that the security of your account is compromised, we will
        request additional information from you to match with our existing
        records to verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request
        and the sensitivity of the information sought.
You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your
        behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a
        power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf.
        You will still need to verify your identity directly with us.
The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your
        “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if
        your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please
        note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other
        than for purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA.
Sales and sharing of personal information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties for purposes
        of analytics and advertising. We provide information to analytics
        providers to better understand how consumers use the Services so we can
        improve the Services and create new products and services. We may also
        provide personal information to third-party advertising providers for
        targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide you with more relevant
        and tailored ads regarding our services. Under the CCPA, disclosing
        personal information to these third parties may be considered a
        “sale” of personal information or the “sharing”
        of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral
        advertising.”
The following chart lists the categories of personal information we
        have sold or shared over the last 12 months and the categories of third
        parties to which we have sold or shared:
Category of personal information
Categories of “third parties” to which we have
              “sold” or “shared” this personal
              information
Identifiers
Ad networks and advertising partners; analytics providers
Device information
Ad networks and advertising partners; analytics providers
Commercial information (e.g., transactions, browsing history, or
              app usage)
Ad networks and advertising partners; analytics providers
To opt out of our online disclosure such as through cookie and pixel
        technology of your personal information for purposes that could be
        considered “sales” or “sharing,” please click
here
or
here
.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the
        personal information of children under 16.
Retention
Please see Section 7
above
(“Data Retention”) for more information on how we
        retain your information.
California Do-Not Track Disclosure
Cambly does not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated
        Do-Not-Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still
        working on Do-Not-Track standards, implementations and solutions.
California Shine the Light Disclosure
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Cambly who
        are California residents to request certain information, once per year,
        regarding our disclosure of their personal information (as defined by
        California law) to third parties for their own direct marketing
        purposes, or in the alternative, that we provide a cost-free means for
        consumers to opt out of any such sharing. We do not currently share
        personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing
        purposes.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://posthog.com/privacy&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1722278519192394&usg=AOvVaw01UQGN9Td1T9y5GXTvKmo0:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://posthog.com/privacy
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.cambly.com/legal/data_privacy_framework:
Cambly Inc. Data Privacy Framework Statement
Effective date: January 22, 2024
Cambly Inc. (“Cambly”, “we”, “our”
        or “us”) complies with the U.S. Data Privacy Framework
        (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and
        the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S.
        Department of Commerce (collectively, the “DPF”).
This Cambly Data Privacy Framework Statement (“DPF Policy”)
        and the
Cambly Privacy Policy
(“Privacy Policy”) describes the privacy practices
        that we implement for Personal Data received from the EEA, UK and
        Switzerland. Cambly has certified to the Department of Commerce that it
        adheres to the DPF Principles. This DPF Policy uses terms that are
        defined in the Privacy Policy. If there is any conflict between the
        terms in this DPF Policy and the DPF Principles as concerns the Personal
        Data received under the DPF, the DPF Principles will prevail.
To learn more about the DPF program, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
, and to view our certification, please see
here
.
What this statement covers.
Please see the relevant parts of the Privacy Policy for information
        about:
The types of Personal Information processed;
The purposes of data processing;
Third parties who may receive Personal Information;
A data subject’s right to access Personal Information;
          and
A data subject’s choices to limit the use and disclosure of
          Personal Information
To the extent provided by the DPF program, Cambly is responsible for
        the processing of Personal Information it receives or subsequently
        transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Cambly may
        be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful
        requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or
        law enforcement requirements.
Enforcement
Cambly’s compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory
        and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In
        accordance with the DPF, Cambly is also liable for onward transfers to
        third parties that process personal information in a way that does not
        follow the DPF unless Cambly was not responsible for the event giving
        rise to any alleged damage.
Contact Information
For further information or to file a complaint, please contact
        us:
Cambly Inc.
440 N. Barranca Ave.#4343
Covina, CA 91723
In the event we are unable to resolve your concerns, you can contact
        our third party dispute resolution provider
JAMS
(free of charge).
In some cases, the DPF gives you the right to pursue binding
        arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by
        Cambly or our third party dispute resolution provider, as described in
        Annex I to the DPF Framework.
Changes to this policy
This DPF Policy may be changed from time to time, consistent with the
        requirements of the DPF and in accordance with the process described in
        the Cambly Privacy Policy.