PRIVACY POLICY
Haunted
Planet Studios Limited (a company incorporated in Ireland with registered
number 482259] ("
we
", “
our
” and “
us
”) are
committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in relation to your use of our
applications, games and other Licensed Application operated by us (the “
Licensed
Application
”).
We have
adopted the following policies to safeguard your personal information and to
protect its confidentiality. Please ensure that you read this privacy policy before
using any Licensed Application.
If you do
not read or if you disagree with any aspect of the Privacy Policy, forum
standards and rules, acceptable use policy or terms and conditions, you should
not use any of the Licensed Application.  By accepting our Privacy Policy in
registration or installation, you consent to our collection, storage, use and
disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you
access any Licensed Application from a third party social network site (such as
www.facebook.com
or
www.twitter.com
) you may
also be required to accept the terms of use and the privacy policy of that
third party site.
1.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
1.1.
We collect personal information and non-personal information. The
types of information we collect depend on the nature of your interaction with
us. You may choose not to provide us with your personal information. However,
if you make this choice we may not be able to provide you with the product,
service, or information that you requested.
1.2.
Personal information is information that can identify an
individual or information about an identifiable individual. We may collect
personal information including the following:
1.2.1.
contact information including your name, postal address, telephone
number and email address
1.2.2.
personal preferences including opinions, interests, hobbies,
product wish lists, language preferences, and marketing consent; and
1.2.3.
financial information and transaction information including
products purchased, method of payment, amount paid, and credit or debit card
number.
1.3.
Non-personal information does not identify you as an individual.
For example, we may collect certain non-personal data when you visit our Licensed
Application, such as your Internet Protocol address, the type and version of
browser you are using or the referring URL; or we may collect and summarise
customer information in a non-personal, aggregate format for statistical and
research purposes.
2.
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU?
2.1.
When you register for a Licensed Application, whether directly or
indirectly, we may request you to provide us with the following information,
which we will collect and store:
a)
your age or birthday
b)
your first and last
names
c)
your e-mail address
d)
a password and other
information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your account.
2.2.
When you use a Licensed Application, whether directly or
indirectly, we may collect and store the following information:
a)
How you
used the
Licensed Application
b)
Your physical
location as you
used the Licensed Application
c)
Photographs which you
have taken when using the Licensed Application
d)
Such other
information as we may deem of use for the purpose of analysing general use
patterns of the Licensed Application.
2.3.
From time to time we may supplement information you give us with
information from other sources, such as information validating your address or
other available information you have provided to us. This is to help us
maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide
better service.
3.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
3.1.
The
primary
reason
we collect personal information from you is to
provide you with a better interactive
experience. We will typically use this information for the following:
a)
To register you on
any
Licensed Application
;
b)
To allow you use any
Licensed
Application
,
including playing any game;
c)
To administer Licensed
Application and to resolve technical problems;
d)
To customise your
experience of using the Licensed Application;
e)
To improve game play
and
Licensed Application
functionality;
f)
To provide technical
support and respond to user inquiries;
g)
To prevent fraud or
potentially illegal activities;
h)
To enforce terms of
use;
i)
To notify you of
improvements and changes to Licensed Application;
j)
To rank players on
their achievements and to display those achievements to all users;
k)
To encourage input
and feedback from you to improve our products and services;
l)
To collect fees; and
m)
To analyse trends and
user traffic and gather statistical information.
3.2.
We also use your
personal
information for other, secondary
reasons, including:
a)
Customer service;
b)
To
administer a loyalty program, including but not limited to tracking and analysing
your purchases and preferences to better understand your product and service
needs and eligibility;
c)
To facilitate your acceptance of offers made by our third party
marketing partners;
d)
To tailor
our online content based on your preferences;
e)
To measure and improve the effectiveness of our Licensed
Application or our marketing endeavours;
f)
To offer and promote additional products and services we offer;
g)
For other
purposes as described in this Privacy Policy; or
h)
As otherwise provided or required by law.
4.
DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?
4.1.
We do not sell, rent or share your personal information to any
third party except as described in this Privacy Policy.
4.2.
If you accept an offer from any of our third party marketing
partners, we will share your information with that specific third party, in
accordance with the terms of the offer.  If you have previously requested that
your personal information not be shared with third parties, but then later
consent by accepting a third party marketing offer available through one of our
Licensed Application, we will share your contact and billing information with
that specific third party, in accordance with the terms of the offer.
4.3.
Some of these operations may result in personal information
collected by us being stored or processed by staff outside of Ireland or the European
Economic Area ("
EEA
") and, as a result, your personal
information may be accessible to law enforcement and regulatory authorities in
accordance with the law of these foreign jurisdictions.
By
submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or
processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your
data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
4.4.
We may use third parties to manage one of more aspects of our
business operations, including the processing or handling of personal
information.  We may share personal information with such third parties to
perform services on our behalf such as fulfilling online orders, processing
non-cash payments, sending marketing communications, servicing products,
conducting research surveys, verifying and validating information that you have
provided to us, delivering products, and providing customer support services. 
When we do use an outside company, we use contractual and other appropriate
means to ensure that your personal information is used in a manner that is
consistent with this Privacy Policy.
4.5.
We have taken precautions to prevent the fraudulent use of your
information on our Licensed Application. We have adopted industry standard
authentication procedures to ensure your protection while shopping with us
online. This includes, but is not limited to, contacting financial institutions
or credit reporting agencies to ensure the authenticity of your credit card and
to validate your credit card billing information.
4.6.
We may share personal information gathered on our Licensed
Application amongst our corporate parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or
divisions for internal business purposes in accordance with this Privacy
Policy.  If we share your information within its corporate family, we will
ensure that your information continues to be used only in accordance with this
Privacy Policy and your expressed choices.
4.7.
Any information we have about you may be transferred or disclosed
to a purchaser or prospective purchaser in the event of a sale, assignment, or
other transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a
transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the transferee
uses your information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
4.8.
We may disclose your information as permitted or required by law
or to comply with any legal process, as well as to protect and defend our
rights and/or that of our customers.
5.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
5.1.
The file containing your personal information will be stored on
our servers and will only be accessible to our employees and those of our
agents and service providers who require it in the course of their duties. We
take appropriate steps to protect your personal information.  We maintain
appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect your personal
information against unauthorised access, disclosure, or misuse. For example,
electronic records are stored in secure, limited-access servers; electronic
data is stored behind secured encryption access; we use technological tools
like firewalls and passwords; and we ensure our employees are trained on the
importance of maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal
information.
5.2.
Although we cannot take responsibility for any theft, misuse,
unauthorised disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction of data by a third
party, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such occurrences.
6.
HOW CAN YOU VERIFY YOUR INFORMATION?
6.1.
You may check your information to verify, update, or correct it,
and to have any obsolete information removed. You can ask to review any of the
information that we have retained, how we have used it, and to whom we have
disclosed it at any time by contacting us as indicated below under the heading
“Contacting Us”.
6.2.
Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, and provided we
can authenticate your identity, you will be given access to your personal
information subject to a fee of €6.35, and will be entitled to challenge the
accuracy and completeness of the information and to have it amended as
appropriate. You may also ask us to change your preferences regarding how we
use or disclose your information, or let us know that you do not wish to
receive any further communication from us.
6.3.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for
marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if
we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your
information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right
to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to
collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us
as indicated below under the heading “Contacting Us”.
7.
WHEN IS YOUR INFORMATION REMOVED?
7.1.
We keep your information only as long as we need it for legitimate
business purposes and to meet any legal requirements. We have retention standards
that meet these parameters. We destroy your information when it is no longer
needed, or we remove your personally identifiable information to render it
anonymous.
8.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
8.1.
Our Licensed Application may contain links that permit you to link
to other websites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links
you are connecting to another website or Internet resource. We have no
responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other websites or
Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal
information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other
websites before you submit any personal information to them.
9.
CONTACTING US
9.1.
If you have any questions, concerns or
complaints
about the privacy practices of our organisation please
contact us at
contact@hauntedplanet.com
. We will
respond to your request or investigate your concern as quickly as we can, but
no later than 40 days from the date of receipt of your query.
9.2.
Please remember that email sent over the Internet is not secure.
If you send an email directly to us from your own email account the contents
will not be encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send sensitive
information (like a credit card number) to us via unencrypted email. We are not
responsible for any transmission by you of any personal information over the
Internet.
10.
DISCLAIMER
10.1.
WE, OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SERVANTS AND AGENTS, AFFILIATES OR
OTHER REPRESENTATIVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES,
SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIMS, EMERGENCIES, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF
ACTION, DAMAGES, LOSSES,
EXPENSES
, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE LEGAL FEES AND
COSTS OF PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE AND/OR
DISSEMINATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS
PRIVACY STATEMENT AND YOUR CONSENTS.
11.
WILL THIS PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE?
11.1.
To accommodate changes in our services, changes in technology, and
legal developments, this Privacy Policy may change over time without notice to
you. We may add, change, or remove portions of the Privacy Policy when we feel
it is appropriate to do so. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy
periodically. Each time you
submit
personal information or
use our services you agree to be bound by the then current terms of the Privacy
Policy. Whenever we update the Privacy Policy we will change the date to
indicate when the changes were made.