Pages
Home
Apps
Games
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 27 July 2012
Gamesoul Studio Privacy Policy
Gamesoul Studio (“Gamesoul Studio”), its parent and its subsidiaries respect the privacy rights of our users and are committed to protecting the information collected through its online products, online services and websites including, but not limited to Gamesoul Studio’s applications and games (together “Services”). Gamesoul Studio has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Gamesoul Studio collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Gamesoul Studio’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Gamesoul Studio reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Gamesoul Studio makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Gamesoul Studio may post a notice on Gamesoul Studio’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Gamesoul Studio collects about the use of Gamesoul Studio Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Gamesoul Studio may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Gamesoul Studio to identify you. The types of non-personal data Gamesoul Studio may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other device identifier ("UDID"); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and coarse location; (v) game progress, score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Gamesoul Studio to enhance the Services and other Gamesoul Studio products and services.
Gamesoul Studio may use and disclose to Gamesoul Studio’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Gamesoul Studio services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Gamesoul Studio may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Ad Serving Technology
Gamesoul Studio reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Gamesoul Studio or Gamesoul Studio’s partners and contractors. Gamesoul Studio may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. Gamesoul Studio or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Gamesoul Studio or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including for purposes of determining your coarse location), UDID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Gamesoul Studio may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Gamesoul Studio does not have access to or control of third party technologies.
Location Data
To the extent Gamesoul Studio makes location enabled Services available and you use such Services, Gamesoul Studio may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. For example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. Gamesoul Studio may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS location is not accessed without your consent. Notwithstanding Gamesoul Studio’s partners who are providing location related parts of the Service, Gamesoul Studio will not share your geo-location with third parties without your consent. To the extent Gamesoul Studio makes available geo-location to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, it will be provided anonymously. Please note that Gamesoul Studio may share your anonymous coarse location with its partners.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Likely situations when you make personal data available to Gamesoul Studio include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services (ii) accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services; (iii) subscribing to newsletters; (iv) requesting technical support; and (v) otherwise through use of Gamesoul Studio Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data Gamesoul Studio may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/nick name, Gamesoul Studio Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address, phone number, photo or other image, birthdate, sex, address, friend connections, avatar image, credit card information, shipping information; and location (only if directly identifiable to you, otherwise Gamesoul Studio treats location as non-personal data).
Gamesoul Studio may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Gamesoul Studio services and products. Gamesoul Studio may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Gamesoul Studio may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative and/or commercial content about Gamesoul Studio’s services or third party products and services Gamesoul Studio thinks may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated information.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Gamesoul Studio may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Gamesoul Studio. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Gamesoul Studio may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Gamesoul Studio and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Gamesoul Studio collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Gamesoul Studio may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Gamesoul Studio may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Gamesoul Studio’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Gamesoul Studio. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Gamesoul Studio may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Gamesoul Studio has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Gamesoul Studio. Gamesoul Studio is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Gamesoul Studio may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Gamesoul Studio to legal liability. Gamesoul Studio may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Gamesoul Studio has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Gamesoul Studio’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Gamesoul Studio believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Gamesoul Studio’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Gamesoul Studio. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Gamesoul Studio will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Gamesoul Studio’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Cookies, beacons and tracking
The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, clear GIFs and web beacons. Gamesoul Studio treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
Cookies: A “cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user's computer. Gamesoul Studio’s cookies do not include personal data and are typically used to quickly identify your device and to “remember” you. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device; however, disabling cookies may affect your ability to use the Services.
Flash cookies & HTML5: Gamesoul Studio may also use Flash cookies (locally shared objects) and HTML5 storage (locally stored objects). Locally shared objects are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember your settings to personalize the look and feel of the Services. Locally shared objects only collect data in the aggregate. You may prevent locally shared objects from being placed by disabling locally stored objects in your browser or visit www.adobe.com. Locally stored objects, such as HTML5 Web Storage, are used for similar purposes as cookies but typically may contain a greater amount and different types of data than browser cookies.
Web Beacons and pixel tags: A “web beacon” or a “pixel tag” is an electronic image that allows Gamesoul Studio to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Web beacons, like cookies, do not include personal data. E-mails and other electronic communications Gamesoul Studio sends to you may contain pixel tags that enables Gamesoul Studio to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed (if any).
Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. You recognize and agree that Gamesoul Studio is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Gamesoul Studio may in its discretion make available links through advertisements or otherwise enable you to access third party products or services. Please note that, while using such products or services, you are using products or services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by Gamesoul Studio. Gamesoul Studio is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their products or services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. The fact that Gamesoul Studio is linking to those products or services does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
Please note that certain Services that Gamesoul Studio may offer, such as multiplayer gaming, social networking and gaming console services, may use third party services to provide authentication for the Services with a gaming console ID, social networking ID or gaming network account. When you register to join or use the Services from a third-party gaming or social networking system, certain personally identifiable user and/or membership data may be transferred automatically to and from Gamesoul Studio and you hereby consent to the processing, using, combining, disclosing and retaining of such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy by Gamesoul Studio.
Safeguards
Gamesoul Studio follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Gamesoul Studio’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Gamesoul Studio’s possession. Personal data collected by Gamesoul Studio is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Gamesoul Studio maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Gamesoul Studio’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Gamesoul Studio may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Gamesoul Studio is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Gamesoul Studio takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. Gamesoul Studio does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Gamesoul Studio learns that Gamesoul Studio has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Gamesoul Studio will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Gamesoul Studio’s records.
Gamesoul Studio may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Gamesoul Studio may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Gamesoul Studio’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Gamesoul Studio regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Gamesoul Studio receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Gamesoul Studio’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Gamesoul Studio will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Gamesoul Studio. TO THE EXTENT YOU AND Gamesoul Studio ARE NOT ABLE TO AMICABLY RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE THAT MAY ARISE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST Gamesoul Studio ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
If you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact support[at]gamesoulstudio.com.
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Gamesoul Studio
Based in Poland, is an independent game studio specializing in game development for Android, iOS, macOS and tvOS platforms.
Stores
App Store
Google play
Amazon appstore
Games
Afterglow
Backflip Madness
Radio Ball 3D
Spheremare
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it