Effective: August 23, 2022.
Tap Slots Inc. (“Tap Slots”, “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“users” or “you”). Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information.
This privacy policy discloses the types of information we gather on our Website www.tapslots.com, our Facebook applications, and our mobile applications, Vegas Slots Galaxy, 777 Classic Slots Galaxy, Wild Triple Slots, Slots of Luck, and Vegas Cherry Slots (“Services” or “Games”), how it is used, and how to correct, change or remove it.
By using our Services, you agree to the collection, storage and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the collection, storage and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy then you should not play Tap Slots Games or use our Services. You may also send an email to support@tapslots.com to request that your account and your data is removed.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DOES TAP SLOTS COLLECT?
To function and provide its Services, Tap Slots collects data from you and your device. We do not collect or retain more data than necessary and do not process, model or sell your personal data. The data collected may include:
Your full name if you provide it as part of your profile or in a support request
Your email address if you provide it as part of your profile or in a support request
Your profile picture, location, age, and gender if you provide it as part of your profile
Your device identifiers, device type, carrier and operating system
Your IP address, from which we will determine your country or state
Your timezone
Referring apps and URLs
Games session times, lengths, and activity
When you play our apps on Facebook, or use the Facebook Connect option in our mobile apps the data collected may also include:
Your Facebook ID number
Your email address
Your timezone if accessible or publicly available
When you play our apps on Facebook, or use the Facebook Connect option in our mobile apps we can display your profile picture to you and your friends within the apps directly from Facebook. We do not store these profile pictures or friends lists on our servers.
Personal data that you send to us via support will be stored by us and/or our 3rd party support systems until such time as it is no longer required for support purposes.
Your device data, including Advertiser ID and IP address, may be passed on to 3rd party services that we use in order to serve relevant advertisements and announcements to you. We do not store your Advertiser ID and MAC Address on our servers.
2. WHAT IS TAP SLOTS’ PRACTICE REGARDING TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
We also automatically receive and record information from our servers and from your browser and mobile device, including your IP address, the time of your visit to pages on www.tapslots.com and apps.facebook.com/slotsgalaxy/, and information about the pages you visited and store it in log files. This information we gather through the use of tracking technologies cannot be matched with any personal information about you.
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Tap Slots and our marketing partners, affiliates, analytics providers, and service providers (e.g. Zendesk customer support, Helpshift customer support). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site and mobile apps or to manage our advertising on other sites and mobile apps. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
3. WIDGETS
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button (and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site). These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it
4. HOW DOES TAP SLOTS USE THE INFORMATION?
We use the data collected from you and your device:
to create your game account or profile and maintain your progress, allowing you to play the games and use our Services
to provide technical support
to personalize your game experience
to display relevant advertisements
to send relevant communications, information and promotions to you
to improve and optimize our Services
to conduct research
5. DOES TAP SLOTS SHARE THE INFORMATION?
We will disclose your data with third party service providers only as applicable by law. Tap Slots will not share or sell your personal information to other companies or people.
In the event that Tap Slots undergoes or evaluates undergoing and a merger, acquisition or sale (of all or part of its assets) we may disclose or transfer all data to the successor company.
Tap Slots uses these third party service providers:
HelpShift support system and mobile push notifications
Zendesk email support system
Firebase mobile and web application development platform
OneSignal email and mobile push notifications
SendGrid email marketing platform
Ironsource ad platform and their Ad Networks: Tapjoy, Vungle, AdColony, AdMob, Facebook Audience Network, Unity Ads, HyprMX
Amplitude web and mobile analytics
AppsFlyer mobile attribution analytics
Unity analytics
App Platforms: Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook
Google Analytics
Facebook Analytics
Amazon Web Services CDN
CloudFlare CDN
GetSocial media analytics platform
App Center app distribution platform
Testflight app distribution platform
6. PUBLISHING OF INFORMATION
Users of Tap Slots Services who opt to connect via Facebook may show up with their name and Facebook profile picture in various leaderboards. Please review Facebook’s terms related to Facebook’s privacy options.
Information your share on your in-game personal profile page will be visible to other users of the game. Setting up your in-game personal profile page is optional and you can update the information at any time.
7. HOW CAN I REVIEW, UPDATE OR REMOVE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you wish to review, update your account details or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at support@tapslots.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. In accordance with the GDPR, requests to remove your personal information will be actioned within one month.
8. HOW IS MY INFORMATION SECURED?
The security of personal data is important and Tap Slots takes reasonable security measures to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of personal information that is stored on our servers. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Transmission occurs through secure connections (SSL and TLS 1.2). Please noted however that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent unauthorized access to data on our servers. If you have any questions about security of our Services, or if you wish to report security vulnerabilities in any of our Services, you can contact us at
support@tapslots.com
.
9. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND MOBILE APPS
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Tap Slots. Our mobile apps display ads to other mobile apps. If you submit personal information to any of those sites or apps, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit and any mobile app you use.
10. SINGLE SIGN-ON
You can log in to our mobile application using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on the mobile application to your profile page to share with others within your network.
11. NOTIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice in-app and on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
These Services are operated and provided by Tap Slots Inc., 7745 Spanish Lake Dr, Las Vegas NV 89113, USA.
Support email address:
support@tapslots.com