Privacy Policy
At RWH Technology, LLC we are committed to the privacy and safety of our customers and their children. Please take a moment to review our privacy policies for our apps and our web site.
We reserve the right to modify the privacy policies at any time.
If you have any concerns regarding these privacy polices, please contact RWH Technology by email at
info@rwhtechnology.com
Privacy Policy for RWH Technology, LLC Apps
No Personal Information Collected
RWH Technology apps do not collect any personally identifiable information from its users, such as name, phone number, address, email address, geographic location, sex, age, grade, school, etc.
RWH Technology apps do not use technology to collect and disclose to a third party a user’s personal information, such as name, phone number, address, email address, geographic location, sex, age, grade, school, etc.
Usage and Diagnostic Data
RWH Technology apps may collect usage and diagnostic data for analytics and crash reports. The data is not linked to you.
No Social Media Integration
RWH Technology apps do not contain social network integration or links (Facebook, Twitter, etc).
No Ads
RWH Technology apps do not contain any advertising banners.
In-App-Purchase
RWH Technology apps may contain In-App-Purchase to enable additional content. The In-App-Purchases are purchased once and are found on a separate, adult targeted screen.
No Push Notifications
RWH Technology apps do not contain push notifications.
No Internet Connection Required
RWH Technology apps do not require an Internet connection to function. However, an Internet connection is required to initially download the app and download any updates.
External Links
RWH Technology apps may contain information about other RWH Technology apps with links to those apps. The links are found on a contained, parent targeted screen separate from game play screens.
This Privacy Policy has been created following the guidelines of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) as expressed in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA). The rule requires operators of online services, including interactive mobile apps, to provide notice and get parental consent prior to collecting information from children under 13. The Federal Trade Commission works for consumers to prevent fraudulent, deceptive, and unfair business practices and to provide information to help spot, stop, and avoid them. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at
info@rwhtechnology.com
Privacy Policy for RWH Technology, LLC Web Site
Contact and Support Forms
When a user contacts RWH Technology, the user is required to provide their name and email address. To provide better service, the user may be asked for additional information such as phone number and product selection. It is optional for customers to provide this additional information, and users may choose not to do so.
RWH Technology does not disclose any user/customer information to any third party.
Third Party Content
The rwhtechnology.com web site may contain content from third-party content providers, but these content providers neither receive nor distribute rwhtechnology.com user or customer information, nor do they receive user or customer information from RWH Technology.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Log Files
RWH Technology uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the web site, track user’s movement within the web site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
The rwhtechnology.com web site contains links to other web sites. Please be aware that RWH Technology is not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Surveys
The rwhtechnology.com web site may request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys in completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information and demographic information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this web site or of the RWH Technology apps.
Giveaways
The rwhtechnology.com web site may host a giveaway. Entry into a giveaway requires the user to provide a name. Contact information will be requested from the winner of the giveaway so that we may send them the prize. Participation in these giveaways is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
LET’S WORK TOGETHER
Get in Touch