PLEASE READ
Brunswick respects your privacy and takes its privacy obligations seriously. We are committed to the principles and requirements of applicable global privacy regulations. We work hard to ensure that your data is secure and only processed in a fair and lawful manner.
You may request action regarding your personal data by completing this online form. If you proceed with completing this form,
please fill it out in its entirety with as much detail as you feel comfortable providing.
If we are unable to confirm your identity and relationship with Brunswick through the data provided, the request will be rejected, and you will need to complete another online request.
The data elements collected on this form are necessary for Brunswick and/or its affiliates to comply with the request submitted. This data will be transferred to the United States and used to fulfill the request(s) on this form or to determine that such request(s) is (are) not possible or not required by applicable law, as well as to notify the data subject of the resolution of any request(s).
If the options listed on the form do not suit the nature of your request, please contact
privacy@brunswick.com
to assist with your request.
For more details and information about how we use and protect your personal information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Thank you!
Brunswick Privacy Team
For more information about question responses, hover over text to reveal additional context.
Are you submitting this form for yourself, as the data subject, or as an authorized representative of someone else?
Required
Myself
Someone Else
I, or the individual I am submitting this form on behalf of, is a/an
Required
Please select the field that most directly reflects your current/former relationship with a Brunswick company.
Contractor/Vendor
Customer
Employee
Job Candidate
Contact Email Address
This email will be used for contact and verification purposes related to this request. Therefore, please be sure the email is accurate.
First Name (Used for Validation of Identity)
Enter the first name of the data subject. This will be used to verify your request. This should be the name used during the relationship with Brunswick (e.g., for employees it should be the legal/given name).
Last Name  (Used for Validation of Identity)
Enter the last name of the data subject. This will be used to verify your request. This should be the name used during the relationship with Brunswick (e.g., for employees it should be the legal/given name).
Where do you, or the individual you are submitting this request on behalf of, currently reside?
Required
Please select the region that best applies to you.
European Economic Area (EEA) Resident
US Resident
Other Resident
If you are an authorized representative, please use the upload link below to attach your documentation.
Select a File
Files larger than 10 MB are not supported.
Submit Request
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.brunswick.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Search Terms
Home
Our Company
Overview
Locations
Leadership
Shaping the Future
America's Marine Company
BI DesignLab
Ripl
CES 2025
Our Brands
Marine Propulsion
Propulsion
Parts & Accessories
Navico Group
Parts
Distribution
Boats
Brunswick Boat Brands
Business Acceleration
Business Acceleration
Responsibility
Sustainability
Community
Governance
Careers
Overview
Job Categories
Culture & Benefits
Applicants
Search Jobs
News
Press Releases
Presentations
Events
Investors
Overview
News & Events
Investor Day
Past Investor Days
Company Info
Financial Info
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Governance
Contact
Brunswick Privacy Policy
Chinese ‑ Simplified
Czech
Danish
Dutch ‑ Netherlands
Finnish
French ‑ France
German
Greek
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese ‑ Brazil
Portuguese ‑ Portugal
Russian
Spanish ‑ Spain
Swedish
Thai
Vietnamese
Purpose
Brunswick prioritizes the safety of the data that we collect and retain, which includes your personal information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and how you may be able to update, manage, and/or request that we delete your data. This Privacy Policy also sets forth certain obligations and responsibilities you may have regarding your information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Who We Are
We are Brunswick, a group of companies owned by Brunswick Corporation (hereinafter (“Brunswick,” “we,” or “us”). For a complete listing of Brunswick Corporation brands, please see
Our Brands
(
https://www.brunswick.com/our-brands
).
Brunswick is a leader in the marine and recreational vehicle industry. Brunswick is home to more than 60 industry-leading brands. In the category of Marine Propulsion, these brands include Mercury Marine, Mercury Racing, and MerCruiser.
Brunswick’s comprehensive collection of parts, accessories, distribution, and technology brands includes Mercury Parts & Accessories, Land ‘N’ Sea, and Navico Group Brands (Lowrance, Simrad, B&G, C-Map, C-Zone, Fathom, Mastervolt, RELiON, Attwood, Lenco, Blue Sea Systems, BEP, Promariner, Progressive Industries, and Whale).
Brunswick’s boat brands are some of the best-known in the world, including Boston Whaler, Lund, Sea Ray, Bayliner, Harris Pontoons, Princecraft Navan, and Quicksilver.
Our service, digital, and shared-access businesses include Freedom Boat Club, Boateka, and a range of financing, insurance, and extended warranty businesses. Brunswick also successfully leverages its portfolio of advanced technologies to deliver an exceptional suite of solutions in mobile and industrial applications.
Brunswick acts as the data controller that is responsible for processing the personal information that we hold about you. This means that we determine the purposes and means for how we process personal information. Brunswick affiliates may also act as controllers concerning certain data processing activities described in this privacy policy.
We will implement security measures designed to keep your personal information safe and secure, and we will not misuse it. This Privacy Policy explains what we do with your personal information, so you understand how we use it. It also tells you what your legal rights are and how you can exercise them so that you are always in control of your personal information.
Applicability
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Brunswick Corporation and any of its affiliated or subsidiary companies, offline or online, including, but not limited to all websites, connected products, and/or apps that post a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “the sites”). Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected about you as a current or former candidate, employee, or other staff member of any Brunswick group company.
Site Monitoring. Please be aware that we, and our third-party service providers and marketing partners, use cookies, pixels, tags, and other tracking technologies within our sites to monitor and record all activities and communications to, from, and on, the sites to safeguard, improve, and analyze usage of, the sites, and for the other purposes listed in our Cookie Policy.
Our sites are not directed at and should not be used by children under the relevant age of majority in the countries where they are accessed.
By continuing to interact with our sites, connected products, and/or apps, or otherwise engage with us, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the terms described in this Privacy Policy and applicable Cookie Policy on our sites, including the
Brunswick Cookie Policy
.
Video Links
. We may include videos and similar media players on our sites. By clicking on such videos and similar media players on our sites, then (i) you may be redirected to a third party’s website to play the video, or (2) it may play the video on our site, although this functionality may be supported by a third party’s website or technology (e.g., YouTube, YouTube API, Vimeo). In any such case, by playing the videos or similar media players, you shall become subject to the third party’s terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, its terms of service and personal information privacy policies and practices, including the terms governing
YouTube
and
Vimeo
.
Social Media Advertising
. From time to time, we may use on our sites certain third-party and first-party cookies, pixels, and other digital tracking technologies (“tracking technologies”) for marketing purposes. Some third-party tracking technologies are provided by our marketing partners, including social media companies. The use of such tracking technologies is subject to the terms and conditions of our Cookie Policy. Please note that the terms and conditions set forth by those third parties,
Meta
,
X
(formerly Twitter),
TikTok
, and
LinkedIn
, amongst others, may also apply from time to time.
Definitions
Basic Personal Information:
your name and private or professional contact information (which may include other identifiers like your alias, IP address, email address, etc.)
Connected product
: a hardware product manufactured, sold, distributed, or marketed by Brunswick that can communicate data via the internet or other wireless technologies.
Cookie or targeting technologies:
Cookies are small pieces of information, normally consisting of just letters and numbers, which we provide when you visit our sites. Software on your user's device (for example a web browser) can store cookies and send them back to the website next time they visit. Cookies and targeting technologies live on your device to remember things about your visits to the sites. Some Cookies may be used to track your activity on our sites. We may also use cookies and targeting technologies on our connected products, and/or apps.
Data
: All records and information, regardless of format. There are two types of data: personal information, and Other Data.
Personal Information
: ‘Personal information’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person.
Other Data:
Other data is data that is not personal information. Examples may include website traffic, deidentified/anonymized personal data, aggregated cookie preference trends, link usage rates, and larger geographic areas (U.S., Europe, Asia, etc.).
O
ther Data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Sale of personal information:
The disclosure of personal information to a third party in exchange for money or other valuable considerations.
Sensitive Personal Information:
A subset of personal information that includes information that requires special consideration and protection due to its sensitive nature
.
Examples of Sensitive Personal Information are social security numbers, ethnicity, race, and precise geolocation.
Sharing of personal information/data sharing:
The disclosure of personal information to a third party for targeted advertising, and/or cross-contextual behavioral advertising for the benefit of the business. No money or other value is exchanged.
Telemetry Data:
The automatic process of collecting and transmitting data from remote or inaccessible sources. Telemetry data can include measured values, logs, metrics, events, and traces and can be relayed using various methods, such as radio, infrared, ultrasonic, GSM, satellite, or cable.
What Personal Data We Collect and Process About You
Brunswick collects and processes personal information provided by consumers while buying or using Brunswick’s services, sites, connected products, and apps. Brunswick also collects and processes information about representatives of its providers, suppliers, customers, and partners from time to time while doing business.
The types of personal information we collect and/or share depend on the product and/or service you use or purchase from us. We also collect personal information from our business partners.
We do not intentionally collect data on children who have not reached the age of majority in their country of residence. Children under the age of majority are not permitted to use our sites as our sites are not directed to them.
Please click on this link for more detailed information about what personal information we process about different Brunswick services, along with the purposes and legal basis for that processing.
Does Brunswick Share or Sell My Personal Information?
BRUNSWICK
DOES NOT SELL
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR DIRECT PROFIT.
Brunswick shares information internally with our affiliates and all have entered into an Intra-Group Data Transfer and Data Processing Agreement (IDTA). For a complete listing of brands who may have access to your personal information, please see Our Brands (
https://www.brunswick.com/our-brands
). We also share personal information with third parties and these third parties are our service providers and contractors, they are bound by contracts, agreements, and monitoring to ensure that your personal information is treated with utmost protection and respect. Each third party is carefully vetted to ensure that they have adequate protection in place to protect your personal information when we agree to work with them.
Brunswick may also share information with other third parties for the following purposes:
To comply with its obligations towards you;
To process warranty, maintenance, and repairs;
To share information with dealer networks;
When you subscribe to certain services provided by the Freedom Boat Club division, Brunswick may share information with the franchisee to allow you to benefit from the services of your membership or receive a quote;
To provide you with digital services (information is shared with data processors);
To send you marketing communications when you consent to receive them across Brunswick divisions (cross-marketing activities) and undertake other advertising programs;
To fulfill its obligations towards the data controller, when Brunswick or its relevant division acts as a data processor;
To comply with applicable law or legal process (including law enforcement authorities or other governmental officials);
When necessary to protect the vital interests of a person (including to prevent physical harm, financial loss, and compliance with an investigation of legal/ethical activity);
To enforce Brunswick policy and prevent fraud;
To protect our customers’ and partner’s property and services.
To defend, protect, and promote our legal rights and interests;
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, sale, or other corporate changes.
In some instances, usually related to our apps and/or connected products, two or more Brunswick divisions may be involved and act in different capacities about your personal information. For example, a division of Brunswick may act as a data controller, whilst using the services of another Brunswick division, acting as a data processor.
How Does Brunswick Handle Personal Information Globally?
Any information listed above may at any point subject to a data transfer carried out by the conditions within this section.
Brunswick is a global corporation and personal information is processed globally as necessary under this policy. If personal information is transferred to a Brunswick recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, Brunswick will take adequate measures designed to protect the personal information, such as ensuring that such transfers are subject to the terms of the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
, the
UK International Data Transfer Agreement
, and/or other adequate transfer mechanisms as required under relevant data protection laws.
Brunswick is headquartered in the United States and thus collects and processes personal information in the United States. Therefore, by using our sites, apps, and services or providing us with your personal information, you are transferring your personal information to us in the United States.
What Are Your Privacy Rights and How to Contact Us?
You can exercise your privacy rights by applicable laws as specified by filling out our online web form. To submit a request related to these rights, please see the Data Subject Access Request (“DSAR”) form available in the
Exercise Your Privacy Rights
link in the footer of our sites. Processing will require verification of your identity before any action is completed, or information shared with you.
You can also contact us by emailing our European DPO by emailing
dpo.brunswick@fieldfisher.com
.
For a complete list of Data Protection Officers by location, click here.
If you choose to have an authorized representative complete the DSAR request for you, they will need to provide evidence that they are authorized to do so before any action is completed, or information shared with them.
You have multiple privacy rights, subject to applicable law, concerning the information we process about you:
Opt-out of selling, using, or sharing of your personal information.
Brunswick
does not sell
your personal information to third parties for direct profit or other valuable or monetary considerations.
Opt-Out of Data Sharing:
You have the right to limit the collection of personal information we use for cross-contextual/targeted advertising (i.e., personal information we collect from certain cookies and other tracking technologies on our sites). To prevent your personal information from being used for these purposes, please click on the “Cookie Preferences” link (sometimes visible as a “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the site to set and change your cookie preferences. If an “opt-out” or “do not track signal” is detected on our sites, via your browser, it will be honored. For detailed information, please see our Cookie Policy. (https://www.brunswick.com/cookie-policy), available in the Cookie Policy link in the footer of our Sites.
Opt-out of/Opt-in to receive Marketing Communications.
Depending on the region where you are located, we may send you marketing communications:
Only if you opt-in to receive marketing communications from us.
Unless you elect to opt out of marketing communications. The email marketing communications themselves will contain an “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the communication.
We conduct marketing by brand or division, but we may ask for your consent to conduct cross-brand marketing from time to time.
Request the deletion of your personal information:
You can ask us to delete the information about you. Brunswick will take all necessary steps to delete the information to the best of our abilities. However, there is some data that we cannot delete and must maintain for legitimate business purposes (e.g., for safety recalls, warranty information, legal holds, or tax purposes).
Change or correct personal information.
You can edit some of the information about you. You can ask us to change, update, or fix information about you in certain cases, particularly if it is inaccurate.
Right to Object, or limit or restrict the use of personal information.
You can ask us to stop using all or some of the information about you (for example, if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit your use of it (for example, if the information about you is inaccurate).
Right to access and/or have your information provided to you.
You can ask us for a copy of information about you and can ask for a copy of information about you provided in a readable format.
Right to data portability
You can ask us to provide the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and also have the right to ask us to transmit that data to another controller.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw any consent you have provided regarding the processing of your personal information at any time. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and depend on the legal basis used for the specific processing of your personal data. As an example, we may not be allowed to delete your personal data if we are required by law to maintain it.
Brunswick strives to ensure that every person has access to information related to our services, including this Privacy Policy. Please contact us if you would like this Privacy Policy provided in an alternative format, and we will seek to accommodate your needs.
What Are My Rights as a California Resident?
You can exercise your privacy rights by applicable laws as specified by filling out our online web form. To submit a request related to these rights, please see the Data Subject Access Request (“DSAR”) form available in the
Exercise Your Privacy Rights
link in the footer of our sites. Processing will require verification of your identity before any action is completed, or information shared with you.
Brunswick acknowledges California residents’ rights:
Right to opt out of or limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information;
Right to know specific pieces of personal Information that we have collected about you;
Right to know (i) the categories of personal information we have collected from you; (ii) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected; (iii) the categories of your Personal Information disclosed for a business purpose; (iv) the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was disclosed for a business purpose; and (v) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or disclosing your personal information;
Right to delete;
Right to correct;
Right to nondiscrimination for asserting your rights.
If you choose to have an agent complete the DSAR request for you, that authorized agent must be registered with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California. We will require written documentation that demonstrates a third party is authorized to serve as your agent to submit the requests set forth herein, unless you have provided the authorized agent with power of attorney under California Probate Code §§ 4121 to 4130. None of the CCPA’s rights are absolute, and they are subject to legal and regulatory exceptions and exemptions. For more information about the CCPA, please see
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa
.
For further information on your right to know, please see California’s “Shine the Light” policy outlined in California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light”). Please note that we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Privacy Appeals; Complaints
You have the right to submit a complaint to a supervisory authority. Please click on this link to see a list of potentially applicable regulatory authorities.
Retention of Your Personal Information
Brunswick retains all personal information for the duration of the relevant business relationship and the length of any applicable warranty and statutory limitation period to a contract or under local laws. This retention is performed with Brunswick’s information management policies and schedules, as well as the period required by tax and other applicable laws and regulations; and as long as it is necessary for you to be able to bring a claim against us and for Brunswick to be able to defend ourselves against any legal claims. However, we may need to retain personal information for longer periods if it is relevant to an ongoing claim or investigation.
Modifications; Amendments
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any material updates to this Privacy Policy by updating the “Last Updated” or “Date” section listed above. It is your responsibility to periodically review the Privacy Policy to determine whether any amendments have been made hereto. Your use of our services, including the sites, after any amendments are made to this Privacy Policy, signifies you acknowledge and understand this Privacy Policy and any amendments hereto. We may, in our sole discretion, provide you communications, including via email or text messages, about changes to our Privacy Policy; however, such communications do not abrogate or otherwise limit your responsibility to periodically review the Privacy Policy to determine whether any amendments have been made.