User Agreement and Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
User agreement summary for the territory of Latvia
User Agreement
Contents
1. Subject And General
                                Provisions Of The Agreement
2. Rights,
                                Obligations And Guarantees Of The User
3.
                                Rights, Obligations And Guarantees Of The
                                Administrator
4. Responsibility Of The
                                Parties
5. User Registration
6. Providing Access to Content
7. Provision of Access to Television and Radio Broadcasting on the Territory of the
                                Republic of Uzbekistan
8. Provision of Access to
                                television and radio channels on the Territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan
9. Provision of Access to the Content on the Territory of the Republic of Latvia
10. Provision of Access to the Content on the Territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan
11. Technical Requirements
12. User Account (Account)
13. Intellectual Property
14. Additional Conditions
1. SUBJECT AND GENERAL
                                PROVISIONS OF
                                THE AGREEMENT
1.1. The subject of the present User Agreement (hereinafter the
Agreement
) is
                                the
                                relationship
                                between “VASKIANI VENTURES LIMITED”, a legal entity registered and acting under the
                                laws
                                of the
                                Republic of Cyprus, registration number HE303042, which is the administrator
                                (hereinafter the
Administrator
) of the MEGOGO Media Service, and you (hereinafter the
User
),
                                with respect to the use
                                of the MEGOGO Media service (hereinafter the
Media Service
), including the
                                Content access to which is
                                provided by the Media Service as well as to other services provided by the Media
                                Service.
The date of this Agreement is the date when the User begins to use the Media
                                Service,
                                its services,
                                and/or products.
1.2.
The User
shall be recognized to be any physical person using the Media
                                Service on a fee-
                                paying/free basis regardless of the fact of their registration with the Media
                                Service.
1.3. The MEGOGO Media Service, or the Media Service, consists of the megogo.net
                                website
                                (hereinafter the
Website
) and the MEGOGO software applications (which are an
                                integral part of the
                                Media Service) for various types of devices: mobile, Smart TV, and others. By using
                                the
                                Media Service,
                                the User shall access Content, as well as have the opportunity to use other services
                                of
                                the Media
                                Service in real-time mode both through the Website and MEGOGO applications,
                                available on
                                devices
                                connected to the Internet (hereinafter the
Devices
).
1.4. The
Content
is auditory (audiobooks, lectures, plays, and other works)
                                audiovisual,
                                musical works, phonograms, videograms, TV channel, graphical, text and other
                                materials,
                                electronic
                                (video) games, Access to which is granted to Users by the Media Service.
1.5. Access to Content and/or Access for the purposes of this Agreement means access
                                to
                                watch and/or listen to and/or another access to the Content on the Media Service.
                                The
                                "Access to
                                Content" term includes but shall not be limited to allowing Users to interact with
                                Content such as
                                electronic (video) games through Devices using the visual interface of the Device
                                and/or
                                the Media
                                Service.
1.6. The Administrator provides Media Service in the countries of the whole world
                                where
                                such a
                                service is available, except for the territory of the countries of Ukraine and the
                                Republic of Poland.
                                Services for providing access to the MEGOGO Media Service in other countries can be
                                provided to the
                                User by companies whose online services operate under domain names containing the
                                <megogo>
                                designation without restrictions on the hierarchy levels of such websites, as well
                                as
                                software
                                applications).
For example, on the territory of Ukraine, the administrator of the MEGOGO online
                                service
                                is the Megogo
                                Limited Liability Company (a legal entity registered and operating under the laws of
                                Ukraine, registration
                                number is 38347009), and on the territory of the Republic of Poland, the
                                administrator
                                of the MEGOGO
                                online service is the MEGOGO.PL Limited Liability Company (legal entity registered
                                and
                                operating under
                                the laws of the Republic of Poland, registration number 0000985316).
Information about these companies will be communicated to the User before the User
                                starts using the
                                services of such an online service using the user interface.
More details are specified in the Privacy Policy of the Administrator.
1.7. The Agreement shall be the sole and complete source of the terms of User access
                                to
                                the
                                Media Service and Content and regulates all matters related to the provision of such
                                access unless
                                otherwise stipulated by the terms and conditions of the partner of the
                                Administrator.
                                The User shall be
                                notified of such terms and conditions via the interface of the Media Service,
                                including
                                banners,
                                notification windows, and other means of communication, including e-mail messages.
1.8. Availability of the Content previously purchased by the User from the
                                Administrator
                                shall be
                                allowed to be limited or changed. The Content shall be allowed not to be provided in
                                full, which is
                                determined solely at the discretion of the Administrator, their partners, and the
                                rightsholders of the
                                Content. The Administrator and their partners reserve the right to change the list
                                and
                                other
                                characteristics of the Content and other information depending on the territory of
                                the
                                User.
1.9. The procedure for processing the Users' personal data by the Administrator is
                                governed by the Privacy Policy, which is an integral part of this Agreement, and is
                                available at
https://megogo.net/rules#agreement-privacy
.
1.10. This Agreement is a public offer. Commitment of the actions specified in this
                                Agreement by
                                the User, including but not limited to: the use by the User of Media Service, any of
                                its
                                services and/or
                                Access to Content and/or sending registration forms, and/or providing information,
                                and/or passing
                                through the appropriate hyperlinks, and/or other actions specified in the Agreement
                                and/or in the Media
                                Service interface, is the complete and unconditional consent of the User with all
                                the
                                points of this
                                Agreement, with all its amendments and additions, and unconditional acceptance of
                                its
                                conditions, and
                                testifies to the conclusion of a bilateral transaction between the Administrator and
                                the
                                User. In case of
                                disagreement of the User with any of the terms of this Agreement, the User is
                                obliged to
                                refuse from
                                further use of the Media Service.
2. RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS
                                AND
                                GUARANTEES OF THE USER
2.1. The User shall undertake to use the Media Service for personal non-commercial
                                purposes,
                                observe the terms of the present Agreement, comply with the rights and legal
                                interests
                                of the
                                Administrator and/or Content copyright holders.
2.2. The User shall read both the terms of this Agreement and amendments thereto
                                (the
                                Administrator shall notify the Users in advance of any changes in the terms, as
                                provided
                                by this
                                paragraph of the Agreement), as well as regularly review the contents of this
                                Agreement.
                                Continuation of
                                the use of the Media Service by the User after any amendments and/or additions to
                                this
                                Agreement have
                                become effective shall imply the User's unconditional consent to such amendments
                                and/or
                                additions.
                                Ignorance of the current provisions of this Agreement by the User shall not release
                                the
                                User from the
                                obligations stipulated by this Agreement, as well as from responsibility for their
                                non-fulfillment and/or
                                improper fulfillment. Administrator preliminarily notifies Users of changes in the
                                Agreement by the
                                following means: (i) by sending a letter (notice) to the email of the User (if the
                                User
                                has provided the
                                Administrator with their current email address. The Administrator shall give the
                                User an
                                opportunity to
                                specify their email address at any time by adding the relevant information to their
                                Account on the Media
                                Service); (ii) by placing the relevant notice (the way of providing the
                                above-mentioned
                                notice shall be
                                decided by the Administrator) in the interface of the Media Service. If the User
                                does
                                not provide the
                                Administrator with their current email address, the Administrator shall not be
                                responsible for the failure of
                                the User to receive the notification of changes in the Agreement terms, and for the
                                failure of the User to
                                get acquainted with changes in the Agreement terms.
Changes in the terms of the Agreement become effective from the date specified in
                                the
                                notification of the
                                Administrator and/or the date specified in the Agreement.
2.3. Starting to use the Media Service, the User shall hereby confirm that his/her
                                age
                                is 18
                                years old or that any other age established as the minimal permitted age in the host
                                country of the User
                                to Access to the corresponding Content and/or to be able to pay for Access to the
                                Content in the cases
                                provided for by the Administrator. A physical person under the required age shall
                                undertake to abstain
                                from Access to the Content and/or from making payment for Access to it without
                                consent
                                of the parents,
                                adoptive parents, guardians and caregivers or other legal representatives in
                                accordance
                                with the current
                                laws of the corresponding host country of the User. Otherwise the responsibility for
                                breach of the terms
                                contained herein by the physical person who is younger than the required age shall
                                be
                                imposed on
                                parents, adoptive parents, guardians and caregivers or other legal representatives
                                in
                                accordance with
                                the current laws of the corresponding host country of the User. The Administrator
                                shall
                                not be
                                responsible for allowability of Access to the Content by the User/a physical person.
2.3.1. To prevent an individual under the required age according to the law of the
                                User's location from accessing the Content in the Service, the Administrator allows
                                legal representatives to use the Parental Control feature in the Media Service's
                                Account, with restrictions set for payment and Access to the Content posted in the
                                Service.
2.3.2. If parents, adoptive parents, guardians, caregivers or other legal
                                representatives fail to
                                apply the parental control function, and if the circumstances specified in Paragraph
                                2.3.1. hereof are
                                present the responsibility for consequences of such failure to apply shall be
                                imposed on
                                parents,
                                adoptive parents, guardians and caregivers or other legal representatives.
2.4. The User shall guarantee that they shall not perform any actions meant to
                                bypass
                                technical
                                means of protection against unauthorized use of the Media Service when using the
                                Media
                                Service,
                                including but not limited to watching/listening to or copying the Content, in
                                particular
                                as regards the
                                system for territorial restriction of the Access to the Content by IP address, as
                                well
                                as any other actions
                                intended to modify the functional parameters or destabilization of operation of the
                                Media Service.
                                Furthermore, the User shall undertake to refrain from unauthorized blocking of
                                advertising information in
                                the Media Service.
2.5. The User registered with the Media Service shall have the right to post
                                comments on
                                the
                                Media Service, the Content, and other services provided to the User, in the
                                interface of
                                the Media
                                Service (if the commenting feature is available in the Media Service).
2.6. The User shall have no right to post, without a prior written approval of the
                                Administrator,
                                advertising information in their comments (if the commenting feature is available in
                                the
                                Media Service), or
                                use the Media Service to advertise or otherwise promote sales of any goods and/or
                                services in any other
                                way which has not been coordinated with the Administrator.
2.7. When posting comments, the User shall undertake to abstain from placement of
                                information, in text or any other form, that humiliates the honor and dignity,
                                violates
                                rights and freedoms
                                of other users and/or third parties, stirs up interracial, ethnical or religious
                                hostility, contains obscene
                                words, knowingly false or defamatory information, violates intellectual property
                                rights
                                of third parties or in
                                any other way violates the terms hereof or the current laws applicable to the
                                present
                                Agreement and/or
                                in the host country of the User.
2.8. The User shall bear full responsibility for their actions in connection with
                                posting comments
                                (if the commenting feature is available in the Media Service) and hereby undertakes
                                to
                                settle disputes,
                                claims and demands of third parties lodged in this connection on their own and at
                                their
                                own expense. In
                                case of the Administrator being brought to responsibility for the comments or other
                                information posted by
                                the User the Administrator shall be entitled to take action to establish the
                                location of
                                and search for the
                                User in order to involve such User as a co-defendant and/or compensate for the
                                inflicted
                                damage.
2.8.1. The User shall have the right to post a hyperlink (embed code) to a
                                particular
                                unit of the
                                Content, which allows showing the Media Service media player with the opportunity to
                                Access such unit
                                of the Content in other websites on the Internet in such a way that storage and
                                public
                                disclosure of such
                                unit of the Content should be implemented directly from the Administrator’s server,
                                and
                                placement of
                                such hyperlink in a third party website shall not entail actual placement of a copy
                                of
                                the Content unit in
                                such website. To place a hyperlink, one should use the button “Share.” The present
                                provision hereof
                                shall be effective exclusively for the units of Content, concerning which the
                                Administrator has provided
                                availability of such function. The media player being an integral part of the Media
                                Service shall be
                                covered by all requirements and other terms as provided herein.
2.9. The User shall hereby give their consent to receiving information materials
                                including advertisements, push notifications from the Administrator in any way which is
                                compliant with the current legislation and applicable to the Agreement, in particular
                                via the interface of the Media Service, at any time, as well as via the User’s email
                                address, phone number or in another way.
The user has the right to refuse to receive such information in the following means: by
                                self-deactivation the function of receiving the newsletters by going through the special
                                link specified in the letter in the preferences of the e-mail with the informational
                                materials; by sending an email to the Administrator at the email address specified in
                                the "All Contacts" section on the Website at the following link:
https://megogo.net/contacts
; disabling the
                                reception of push notifications in the
                                settings of mobile devices; by blocking the reception of messages in instant messaging
                                applications.
2.10. The User shall have the right to refuse to further use of his/her phone number
                                for
                                communication with
                                them (except in cases when the use of the phone number of the User is necessary to
                                make
                                payment
                                transactions in the Media Service (Subparagraph (ii) of the Paragraph 2.10 of the
                                Agreement) by calling
                                and notifying the support service of the Administrator via the phone numbers placed
                                (specified) in the
                                interface of the Media Service.
The User may refuse further use of his/her phone number for communication with
                                him/her
                                (except for cases when the use of the User's phone number is necessary for payment
                                transactions in the Media Service (subclause (ii) of clause 2.10 of the Agreement)
                                by
                                calling and notifying the Administrator's support service at the phone numbers
                                specified
                                in clause 10.9 of this Agreement or in the interface of the Media Service.
2.11. The User hereby acknowledges that the Administrator shall have the right to
                                request the phone
                                number of the User for the purposes of payment security in the Media Service. In
                                such
                                case, the
                                payment of the User in the Media Service for obtaining paid types of Access to the
                                Content shall be
                                possible only after the User provides the Administrator with the phone number of the
                                User.
3. RIGHTS,
                                OBLIGATIONS AND GUARANTEES OF THE ADMINISTRATOR
3.1. The Administrator shall undertake to grant the User access to the Media
                                Service, in
                                accordance with the procedure and on conditions provided for herein.
3.2. If the User violates the terms of this Agreement; and/or the rules of the
                                promotion,
                                organizer or partner of which is the Administrator; and/or the current law
                                applicable to
                                the Agreement,
                                the Administrator shall have the right, at their own discretion and without special
                                notices sent to the User,
                                to restrict the User’s access to the Media Service, certain Content units, other
                                services provided by the
                                Media Service. By giving their consent to this Paragraph, the User shall relieve the
                                Administrator of any
                                kinds of compensation and disbursement for the Administrator’s exercising of rights
                                subject to this
                                Paragraph of the Agreement.
3.3. The Administrator hereby notifies the User that the list of units of Content
                                available to the
                                User in the Media Service is changed on a daily basis, based on the terms and
                                requirements of the
                                rightsholders of the Content. In this regard, the Administrator shall be entitled to
                                change the list and other
                                characteristics of the Content, another information placed in the Media Service, as
                                well
                                as the functional
                                parameters of the Media Service without special notice to the User. By giving
                                consent to
                                this paragraph,
                                the User releases the Administrator from any kind of indemnifications and
                                compensations
                                for the
                                implementation of the rights of the Administrator under this paragraph of the
                                Agreement.
3.4. The Administrator shall have the right to apply any actions which do not
                                contradict
                                the
                                current legislation applicable to the present Agreement, in order to prevent
                                unauthorized access to the
                                Media Service, the Content kept in it, destabilize the operation of the Media
                                Service
                                another actions
                                violating the rights and legitimate interests of the Administrator and/or Content
                                copyright holders.
3.5. The Administrator provides the User with access to the Content for legal,
                                individual non-commercial use, by the means specified in this Agreement. Allowing third
                                parties to access the Content, including for group viewing and/or listening and/or other
                                distribution (including, but not limited to, selling or otherwise alienating the User's
                                account in the Media Service, reselling User promotional codes for Access to the
                                Content), as well as the User committing other illegal actions (for example, making
                                multiple (two or more times) returns of purchased and viewed Content) is a gross
                                violation of the Agreement. The Administrator reserves the right to block without
                                warning the Account of the User and/or Users who violate the terms of use (hereinafter -
"the Unscrupulous User"
) and/or to block the acceptance of payments by payment
                                cards of
                                the User and/or Users used to purchase Access to the Content in the Service, as well as,
                                to protect the licensing rights of the Administrator and the holders of copyright and/or
                                related rights to the Content posted on the Site, to stop providing the service, to
                                limit and/or block the Access to the Content. The User who provides third parties with
                                access to their Account shall bear the risk of possible claims from third parties to
                                whom the User has provided access to their Account in bad faith, and shall settle all
                                possible claims from such third parties by their own efforts and at their own expense,
                                without involving the Administrator.
3.6. The User is hereby notified that in the event that violations of the Agreement
                                and
                                the
                                procedure for using the Media Service are detected, the Administrator has the right
                                to
                                use all means to
                                protect the violated right, including but not exclusively: contact law enforcement
                                and
                                judicial authorities in
                                order to attract the Unconscientious User to civil, administrative, criminal
                                liability
                                for the offense
                                committed.
3.7. The Administrator shall have the right to modify or delete any information
                                materials,
                                comments, and so on posted by the User at their own discretion and regardless of the
                                notice of the User
                                and without explanation in cases when such materials violate the rights of the
                                Administrator, the
                                copyright holders of the Content, third parties, and the current laws applicable to
                                the
                                Agreement.
                                Thereat, the Administrator shall not be responsible for any damage that may be done
                                to
                                the User by
                                such actions.
3.8. The Administrator shall have the right to envisage loyalty programmers, special
                                offers as
                                well as promotional offers for Users of the Media Service, with more detailed
                                information on which to be
                                found in the interface of the Media Service and/or user account of the User.
3.8.1. The promotional offers provided within the framework of a loyalty programmer
                                can
                                be
                                served by the Administrator as well as by third parties, and thereat responsibility
                                for
                                the quality, functions
                                and availability of the promotional offers of third parties shall be vested in such
                                third parties exclusively.
3.8.2. In the cases stipulated by paragraph 3.8.3. of the Agreement, the
                                Administrator
                                shall
                                have the right to cancel completely or partially the volume of the User’s bonus
                                points.
3.8.3. Bonuses given to Users within the loyalty program are valid during 1 (one) year
                                from the day they are provided by Administrator and are canceled the next day after the
                                termination of their validity period. The number of current bonuses (within the validity
                                period indicated in this clause) which can be used by User within the loyalty program
                                are indicated in a User account as of the current date.
3.9. The Administrator shall reserve the right to modify and supplement the
                                conditions
                                of loyalty
                                programmers, availability of gifts at any time and at their own discretion without
                                any
                                notices to the User.
                                All these changes shall be displayed in the interface of the Media Service.
3.10. The Administrator shall have the right at their own discretion and without
                                special
                                notice to
                                the User at any time limit access to the Subscription and/or Content accessed by the
                                User while
                                participating in the Promotion where the Administrator is the organizer or partner
                                in
                                case the User
                                violates the rules (terms) of the Promotion and/or provisions of this Agreement.
3.11. The Administrator reserves the right to set discounts for the Service of paid
                                access to the
                                Content. The terms of discounts, their amount, and the list of Content for which the
                                discounts apply may
                                be changed by the Administrator at any time at their sole discretion without any
                                notification to the User.
                                All such changes shall be displayed in the interface of the Media Service.
3.12. The Administrator shall be entitled to establish age limit for Users while
                                Accessing to the
                                Content. Legal representatives of persons under the age specified by the
                                Administrator
                                shall ensure that
                                access to such Content is restricted for persons under the appropriate age. The
                                Administrator might
                                notify about age restriction via informative badge on pages with the Content and/or
                                via
                                informative
                                messages demonstrated to the User before the beginning of the watching of the
                                Content
                                and/or listening
                                and/or otherwise accessing to a unit of the Content.
3.13. The Administrator does not perform preparatory moderation/checking of comments
                                put
                                by
                                Users in the Media Service (if the commenting feature is available in the Media
                                Service). The
                                Administrator takes action directed towards the defense of the rights and legitimate
                                interests only after
                                the approach from the concerned person to the Administrator under the procedure
                                outlined
                                in this
                                Agreement. The Administrator shall reserve the right to restrict or delete from the
                                Media Service
                                commenting feature without any notification of Users.
3.14. During the period of availability of the Content in the Media Service, the
                                Administrator shall
                                be entitled, without any consent of the User, to change the cost of the Content and
                                shall be entitled,
                                without any consent and/or notification of the User, to change the type of Access to
                                the
                                Content that is
                                placed in the Media Service. In addition, after a certain period of time, the
                                Administrator shall be entitled
                                to provide Access to the Content without charging an appropriate monetary fee with
                                or
                                without combining
                                the Content with advertising materials (Free Access to the Content).
3.15. The Administrator shall be entitled not to provide the User with an
                                opportunity to
                                make a
                                payment in the Media Service for the paid types of Access to the Content if the User
                                fails to provide the
                                Administrator with the phone number of the User (as provided by paragraph 2.11 of
                                the
                                Agreement).
4. RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PARTIES
4.1. In case of non-performance and/or improper performance of the terms of the
                                present
                                Agreement, the Party at fault shall be responsible in accordance with the current
                                laws
                                applicable to the
                                Agreement. The Party at fault as regards non-performance and/or improper performance
                                of
                                its
                                obligations hereunder shall compensate to the other Party all damages which are
                                documentary
                                confirmed as ensuing from such non-performance and/or improper performance.
4.2. The Administrator shall have the right, at any time and at their own
                                discretion, to
                                suspend,
                                restrict or cancel the User’s access to the Media Service or to its specific
                                services,
                                including but not
                                limited to, in case of the User’s breach of the terms of the present Agreement, the
                                current legislation
                                applicable to the Agreement, as well as in case if the Administrator has reasons to
                                find
                                the User’s actions
                                unfair, intended to disrupt operability of the Media Service and/or such as could
                                result
                                in violations of
                                rights and legitimate interests of the Administrator and/or Content copyright
                                holders,
                                harm their business
                                reputation and so on. In case if cancellation/restriction/suspension of access to
                                the
                                Media Service take
                                place through the fault of the User, including as a result of the above said
                                actions,
                                the money paid by the
                                User for Access to the fee-paying Content shall not be subject to refund. The
                                Administrator shall not be
                                responsible for any damage that can be done to the User by such actions.
4.3. The User shall be responsible on their own for their actions related to the use
                                of
                                the Media
                                Service, posting of comments and other information in the interface of the Media
                                Service.
4.4. The User shall understand and agree that:
4.4.1. Access to the Media Service, including access to the Content, other services,
                                is
                                provided “as is” and the Administrator cannot guarantee that they will meet the
                                User’s
                                expectations.
4.4.2. The Administrator shall not be responsible to the User for the subject matter
                                of
                                the
                                Content or other information placed at the Media Service by the Administrator, other
                                Users or third
                                parties. All responsibility for the subject matter of the Content shall be borne by
                                its
                                copyright holders, and
                                for the content of other information placed on the Media Service — its Users or
                                third
                                parties who have
                                placed such information.
4.4.3. The Administrator shall not be responsible for the contents, accuracy and
                                reliability of
                                advertising information placed at the Media Service, and for the quality of the
                                goods/works/services
                                being advertised.
4.4.4. In cases beyond the control of the Administrator, the Administrator shall not
                                be
                                responsible for any technical failures, delays in processing or transfer of data,
                                delays
                                in payment for the
                                services of fee-paying Access to the Content, unauthorized Access by third parties
                                to
                                the Content. The
                                Administrator shall not guarantee error-free and failure-free operation of the Media
                                Service and by
                                default shall not be responsible for the damage inflicted on the User by hardware or
                                software technical
                                failures that occurred not on the side of the Administrator and are beyond the
                                reasonable control of the
                                Administrator.
4.4.5. If the User violates the terms of this Agreement and/or the applicable laws
                                of
                                the country
                                where the User is located, the Administrator shall not be responsible to the User or
                                any
                                third parties for
                                any direct, indirect, accidental damage, including loss of profit, harm to honor,
                                dignity or business
                                reputation which has emerged in connection with the use of the Media Service,
                                including
                                by accessing
                                the Content or using other services provided through the Media Service.
In any case, the Parties shall accept and agree that the amount of possible
                                compensation
                                by the
                                Administrator for the losses incurred by the User related to the use of the Media
                                Service is limited to the
                                amount of actually caused and documented damage, which is reimbursed based on the
                                court
                                decision
                                that came into legal force.
4.4.6. In case of any claims and complaints as well as any other demands lodged with
                                the
                                Administrator and/or a third party in relation to the use of the Media Service by
                                the
                                User or a third party
                                from the User’s account, the User shall undertake to settle the above said
                                claims/complaints/demands by
                                their own efforts and at their own expense, and compensate in full all costs and
                                losses
                                suffered by the
                                Administrator.
4.4.7. The Administrator shall not be responsible in any way for accessibility and
                                contents of third
                                party websites on the Internet, the jumping to which is made by way of hyperlinks
                                placed
                                in the interface
                                of the Media Service, as well as for any consequences ensuing from using such
                                websites.
4.4.8. The Content shall be placed at the Media Service in Russian and/or in other
                                languages
                                with dubbing/translation/soundtrack/subtitles or without any of the aforesaid, at
                                the
                                option of the
                                Administrator and, in accordance with the rights of the Administrator, to the
                                language
                                versions of the
                                Content from the rightsholders to such Content. The User shall accept and agree to
                                watching and/or
                                listening to the Content in the language version available at the Media Service.
The User hereby undertakes to refrain from making any claims and/or demands to the
                                Administrator
                                regarding the availability of any unit of Content in the Media Service to be
                                translated
                                and dubbed into
                                Russian.
4.4.9. Access to watching TV channels is implemented by their broadcasting, (making
                                available
                                to the public), and in this connection the Administrator shall not be responsible
                                for
                                the quality of
                                broadcasting, emergence of technical failures or noisy signal when watching a TV
                                channel, and other
                                factors that make the quality of broadcasting deteriorate, as well as for the
                                content of
                                TV channels. The
                                Administrator shall not be responsible for changes in the broadcasting of TV
                                channels
                                and/or their non-
                                availability for any reason. TV channels may contain but shall not be limited to
                                advertising and
                                announcement materials, which are placed directly by the rightsholders of such TV
                                channels.
4.4.9.1. The User is hereby notified that access to watching certain TV channels may
                                be
                                limited in time
                                according to the applicable legislation of the country of the location of the User
                                or
                                the legislation
                                applicable to the Agreement.
4.4.10. The Administrator shall not use the account data of the Users for any
                                unlawful
                                purposes and
                                guarantees non-disclosure of such data. Disclosure by the Administrator of
                                information
                                about the User at
                                the request of the government, regulatory authorities, law enforcement agencies, or
                                judicial authorities, in
                                cases where the disclosure of such information is the obligation of the
                                Administrator
                                and/or failure to
                                provide such information may result in bringing the Administrator to legal
                                responsibility under the current
                                legislation applicable to the Agreement, shall not be considered a violation of this
                                condition of the
                                Agreement.
5. USER REGISTRATION
5.1. To pay for One-time Access, Access by subscription, Access to TV channels, other
                                fee-paying kinds of Access, grading the units of Content, posting comments (if the
                                commenting feature is available in the Media Service), and participation in loyalty
                                programs, etc., the User shall undertake to register with the Media Service by creating
                                their own user account (hereinafter the Account).
5.2. Depending on the registration form defined by the Administrator on the Sites and/or
                                Devices, registration or subsequent authorization to the User's account in the Media
                                Service may be carried out in one of the following ways: by entering the User's e-maill
                                address (login) and password in the Media Service (provided that the Media Service
                                interface allows registration by e-maill), or by using the User's phone number or e-mail
                                to receive a one-time code (password) that is valid for one or more authentication
                                sessions and can be used by the User within a limited period of time, or by using the
                                User's account in social networks, the list of which is provided on the User's
                                registration page.
5.3. The User is hereby informed that creation of more than one user account for one
                                email
                                address (login) is not permitted.
5.4. In case of payment for One-time Access, Access to TV Channels, Access by
                                Subscription,
                                other fee-paying kinds of Accesses to Content via software applications MEGOGO in
                                SMART-TV, user
                                registration is not required. The User is suggested to undergo the registration
                                procedure only if the User
                                is trying to get Access the Contents paid via software application MEGOGO in
                                SMART-TV,
                                from other
                                devices.
5.5. Further entry into the User’s registered account takes place via account
                                authorization.
5.6. The User shall be responsible for, and independently take action to ensure
                                safety
                                of their
                                user account with the Media Service, including the control of the email address
                                (login)
                                specified in the
                                user account, the safety of login and password. The User shall be fully responsible
                                for
                                all actions
                                performed with the application of the User’s account as well as for any consequences
                                resulting from
                                such use. The User shall undertake to inform the Administrator immediately of any
                                cases
                                of unauthorized
                                use of the User’s account by third parties.
5.7. The User shall undertake to abstain from selling, or otherwise disposing of or
                                giving into
                                the use of third parties and the like, of their user account at the Media Service
                                and/or
                                data that can
                                provide access to such account.
5.8. In case of loss of information and/or inability to log in to your account, the User
                                can restore access by entering their e-maill address or phone number (login), which was
                                used to register in the Media Service, to which an e-maill (text message) will be
                                automatically sent with a one-time code (password) that is valid for one or more
                                authentication sessions and that can be used by the User within a limited period of
                                time.
5.9. The User has been informed that for various countries the list of Content
                                available
                                for
                                watching may differ and when he makes payment for fee-paying access to watching the
                                Content in one
                                host country, the Administrator cannot guarantee availability of this list of
                                Content if
                                the User wants to
                                use their account in another host country.
6. PROVIDING ACCESS TO CONTENT
6.1. The Administrator shall provide the User with services of Access to the Content
                                on
                                the
                                following conditions:
6.1.1.
Free Access to the Content
shall denote the provision of the
                                Administrator
                                of Access
                                for the User to the Content free of charge.
6.1.2.
Free Access to the Content combined with advertising materials
shall
                                denote the
                                provision of the Administrator of Access for the User to the Content free of charge,
                                but
                                on condition of
                                combining the Content with advertising materials.
6.1.3.
One-time Access
to the Content shall denote the provision of the
                                Administrator of
                                Access for the User to the Content unit selected by such User within a chosen period
                                when access is
                                effective, for a one-time fee. The beginning of the term of such Access is
                                calculated as
                                from the payment
                                proceeding by the User and the fact of making payment for such service has been
                                reflected in the
                                electronic payment system of the Administrator or after the period of time as
                                specified
                                in the terms of
                                granting Access. By the term of effect,
One-time Access
is divided into two
                                types: the first one entitled
“Lease”
and the other entitled
“Forever”
.
The
“Lease”
term of effect suggests Access to the Contents for an unlimited
                                number of times but within
                                a limited period of time which is measured in calendar days at the option of the
                                Administrator (the
                                specified term is usually set to the Administrator by the owner of such Content),
                                which
                                is specified in the
                                interface of the Media Service. The User is aware of that pause, stop or reset of
                                paid
                                Content unit do not
                                extend the period of time which the User has for Accessing such a unit of Content.
The
“Forever”
term of effect suggests Access to the Contents for an unlimited
                                number of times and in a
                                period of such Access exists on the Media Service, or for the period that, as a
                                general
                                principle,
                                established to the Administrator by the owner of such Content, within which the
                                Administrator shall have
                                the right to provide such Access.
When selecting the type of access to watching the Content the User shall also have
                                the
                                opportunity (if
                                provided) to select the Content video quality – standard (SD), high (HD), or
                                ultra-high
                                (UHD). The cost of
                                One-time Access to watching the Content may differ depending on the term of effect
                                of
                                such access, the
                                Content video quality and other factors.
6.1.4.
Access by subscription
shall denote the provision of the Administrator of
                                Access
                                for the User to the list of Content units determined by the Administrator within the
                                effective period of the Access by subscription in accordance with the regulations,
                                restrictions and technical requirements specified herein. There at the Administrator
                                shall have the right to provide several kinds (types) of Access by subscription within
                                the framework of the Media Service. The effective term of Access by subscription shall
                                be measured from the moment of the payment of the User for it and representation of the
                                fact of payment for such service in the electronic payment system of the Administrator
                                or from the moment of entering the Access Code (ID) in the Account of the User. You can
                                find more detailed information on the types of Access by subscription in the interface
                                of the Media Service. Regarding some Content included in the "Access by Subscription"
                                service, the Administrator shall have the right to place advertising, informational,
                                and/or announcing materials together with such Content, including, but not limited to
                                sponsor advertising.
6.1.5.
Access to TV channels
shall denote the provision of the Administrator of
                                Access
                                for the User to TV channels which the Administrator has divided into packages, and such
                                service can also include Access to watch collections of Content units structured for the
                                User's convenience in M-playlists (as detailed in clause 6.1.6 of the Agreement). There
                                at the Administrator shall have the right to provide several kinds (types) of Access to
                                TV channels within the framework of the Media Service. The effective term of Access to
                                TV channels shall be measured from the moment of the payment of the User for it and
                                representation of the fact of payment for such service in the electronic payment system
                                of the Administrator or from the moment of entering the Access Code (ID) in the Account
                                of the User. You can find more detailed information on the TV channel packages
                                available, their content, the cost of access and other information regarding such
                                service in the interface of the Media Service.
                                The Administrator provides access to individual TV channels, including as a distributor
                                of a service that provides TV channels using FAST technology (Free Ad-Supported TV). The
                                Administrator is not responsible to the Users and right holders for the specified TV
                                channels, their content, their broadcasting in different territories, for the
                                advertisements placed in them, the compliance of the content and advertising with the
                                legislation of various territories, as it acts solely as a distributor and does not
                                exercise editorial supervision. All claims regarding such TV channels, broadcasting,
                                their content, advertising, are presented to the owners of services that provide TV
                                channels using FAST (Free Ad-Supported TV) technology.
The Administrator provides access to individual TV channels, including as a
                                distributor of a service that
                                provides TV channels using FAST technology (Free Ad-Supported TV). The Administrator
                                is not
                                responsible to the Users and right holders for the specified TV channels, their
                                content, their
                                broadcasting in different territories, for the advertisements placed in them, the
                                compliance of the
                                content and advertising with the legislation of various territories, as it acts
                                solely as a distributor and
                                does not exercise editorial supervision. All claims regarding such TV channels,
                                broadcasting, their
                                content, advertising, are presented to the owners of services that provide TV
                                channels using FAST (Free
                                Ad-Supported TV) technology.
6.1.6.
Access to the selections
shall denote the Administrator's providing
                                the User with the opportunity
                                to Access to thematic collections of Content units, which, including, but not
                                limited to, are united and
                                structured into playlists at the option of the Administrator, entitled as
                                “M-playlist.” Access to Content in
                                M-playlists is possible both in the sequence suggested by the Administrator and in
                                any sequence and
                                from any minute of the Content duration, at the option and at the discretion of the
                                User. At the option of
                                the Administrator, Access to M-playlist can be either free of charge or fee-paying
                                (including, but not
                                limited to combining with viewing promotional and announcement materials), and it
                                can also be
                                provided in combination with other kinds of fee-paying Access to the Content.
                                Depending on the
                                territory of the User's location, in the interface of the Media Service, M-playlists
                                may also be called
                                "Interactive Channels".
6.1.7. In respect of certain Content units (at the discretion of the Administrator)
                                to
                                which One-
                                time Access or/and Access by subscription are provided, the User might be granted a
                                possibility to
                                download Content unit or several Content units into the memory of the Device for
                                purpose
                                of obtaining
                                possibility of Access to Content without internet connection. Access to such Content
                                units shall be
                                granted solely via MEGOGO application, without possibility of further copying and
                                with
                                technical
                                restriction of possibility of Accessing during the validity period of One-time
                                access
                                or/and Access by
                                subscription stipulated in the Media Service. This feature shall be accessible on
                                the
                                Devices with support
                                of technical measures of the copyright protection (DRM). Taking into consideration
                                the
                                fact that the right
                                holder may at any time revoke the rights of the Administrator to the specified
                                Content
                                download function
                                (both upon expiration of the rights to the Content and before the end of the
                                specified
                                period), the
                                Administrator shall not be liable to the Users for these actions.
6.1.8. Regarding certain Content units (at the discretion of the Administrator) that
                                are
                                audiobooks (voiced literary works (books) recorded as an audio file (phonogram) in
                                electronic digital
                                form), Access to such audiobooks (One-time Access and/or Access by Subscription)
                                shall
                                be provided
                                exclusively through MEGOGO software applications functioning on mobile devices with
                                "iOS" or
                                "Android" operating systems.
6.1.9. The User may be restricted in Access to the Content, in the Profile in connection
                                with the age preferences specified by the User in such Profile. To obtain Access to
                                Content that does not correspond to the age preferences of the Profile specified by the
                                User, the User must change the Profile of using the Media Service and / or the age
                                preferences of the Profile used by the User. The Administrator is not responsible for
                                the fact that the User will not get Access to some units of Content, which happened due
                                to the age preferences of the Profile set by the User.
6.2. Services in fee-paying Access to the Content shall be provided to the User in
                                accordance
                                with the order, and on conditions as specified below:
6.2.1. Fee-paying Access to the Content can be provided to the User if such User
                                makes a
                                corresponding payment for the fee-paying Access to the Content, unless otherwise
                                provided in loyalty
                                programmers, special offers and so on. The Administrator shall have the right to
                                stipulate the
                                requirement for the User to register at the Media Service in order to pay for Access
                                to
                                the Content.
6.2.2. Fee-paying Access to the Content can have a different cost and can grant
                                Access
                                to
                                various kinds of fee-paying Access to the Content that can be offered to the User at
                                the
                                option of the
                                Administrator in packages of several items or one at a time. The cost of fee-paying
                                Access to the
                                Content, the methods and other conditions of payment are specified in the
                                corresponding
                                sections of the
                                Media Service interface.
6.2.3. The Administrator may establish access restrictions, including, but not
                                limited
                                to
                                watching the paid Content from several Devices simultaneously (as specified in more
                                detail in paragraph
                                11.4 of the Agreement).
6.2.4. In case of impossibility, through the fault of the Administrator, to provide
                                Access to the
                                service of fee-paying Access the Content, selected and paid for by the User, within
                                more
                                than one day
                                but less than 30 (thirty) calendar days from the date of payment for the
                                corresponding
                                Content, the
                                Administrator shall extend the term of the User of Access to such Content, following
                                the
                                written request
                                of the User, for the corresponding period (if such opportunity is available) or
                                refund
                                the paid amount to
                                the User. The User shall send a request to the email address of the Administrator as
                                specified in
                                Paragraph 14.9. of the present Agreement.
6.2.5. The cost of fee-paying Access to the Content and the list of such Content
                                available to
                                the User can be modified by the Administrator at any time at their own discretion
                                without any notices
                                hereof sent to the User.
6.2.6. By making payment for fee-paying Access to the Content, the User has been
                                informed
                                of, and shall agree that:
6.2.6.1. Subject to the terms of the present Agreement, the User and the
                                Administrator
                                shall confirm and agree that the Services in provision of fee-paying Access to the
                                Content shall be
                                recognized to have been provided at the time of the payment of the User for such
                                services, or at the
                                moment of promo code activation (if Access is provided by means of a promo code),
                                unless
                                otherwise
                                stipulated by the Agreement. The cost of paid Access services includes all expenses
                                incurred by the
                                Administrator in connection with the fulfillment of obligations under this
                                Agreement.
6.2.6.2. The service shall be recognized to have been provided by the Administrator
                                in
                                due
                                manner and in full regardless of whether the User has used the granted Access to the
                                Media Service,
                                except for cases envisaged in Subparagraph 6.2.4. of the present Agreement. This
                                clause
                                shall be
                                applicable to cases of payment proceeding for Fee-paying Access to the Content
                                jointly
                                with
                                services/products of third persons.
6.2.6.3. Upon expiry of the term of fee-paying Access to the Content, such Content
                                shall
                                become unavailable for the User.
6.2.6.4. The payment for the fee-paying Access (except for One-time Access) can be made
                                without the direct participation of the User but following their prior consent and on a
                                permanent basis by way of automatically writing off money from a bank account or from an
                                account in the User’s electronic payment system and so on, subject to regulations and
                                conditions of the bank and/or payment system, provided that cash assets are available in
                                such account. This Paragraph shall be the User’s consent to contractual writing-off of
                                cash assets from their account by their servicing bank, when the option “automatic
                                prolongation” is selected in their user account and/or when connecting any of the types
                                of fee-paying Access (except for One-time Access). Automatic writing-off of cash assets
                                for fee-paying types of Access to the Content, except for One-time Access, shall take
                                place systematically, in accordance with the Access duration selected by the User,
                                regardless of the expiring term of the previous Access of the User, before the beginning
                                of provision of such service in any type of fee-paying Access (except for One-time
                                Access), as a general principle, on the day preceding the day of termination of the paid
                                Access (unless otherwise provided by the Agreement), in the amount of the cost of such
                                Access. in the amount of the cost of such access. In this case, the fee-paying Access
                                Service (except for One-time Access) shall be deemed provided at the start of the paid
                                period of the fee-paying Access. In case of an unsuccessful attempt to charge funds from
                                the account of the User at the time of the automatic prolongation, automatic write-off
                                can be repeated until it be successful write-offs from one of the saved payment cards of
                                the User available in the Account of the User at the time of such debit. The user can at
                                any time cancel automatic write-offs in the order specified in subparagraph 6.2.8.1. of
                                the Agreement. The next time period (term) of fee-paying Access to the Content shall be
                                equal to 30 (thirty) calendar days at the corresponding cost of such Access for 30
                                (thirty) calendar days at the moment of automatic prolongation. You can find more
                                detailed information on payment for fee-paying access by way of automatic writing-off in
                                the interface of the Media Service.
6.2.6.5. In case of changes in the cost of fee-paying Access (except for One-time
                                Access), the
                                Administrator shall notify thereof the User, who has paid for such Access, by way of
                                showing the
                                corresponding changes in the interface of the Media Service and/or by sending an
                                appropriate
                                notification to the email of the User (if any).
6.2.6.6. The duration of the fee-paying Access (except for One-time Access) may be
                                different periods (at
                                the discretion of the Administrator):
6.2.6.6.1. One, two, three, or more months of the fee-paying Access. In this case,
                                one
                                month of the fee-
                                paying Access is equal to 30 (thirty) calendar days, two months are equal to 60
                                (sixty)
                                calendar days,
                                three months are equal to 90 (ninety) calendar days, etc. The number of months of
                                the
                                fee-paying
                                Access shall be multiplied by 30 (thirty) days to determine the number of days of
                                the
                                fee-paying Access
                                for tariffs defined in months (unless otherwise provided by this Agreement).
6.2.6.7. One, two, or more years of the fee-paying Access. In this case, one year of
                                the
                                fee-paying
                                Access is equal to 365 (three hundred and sixty-five) calendar days, two years are
                                equal
                                to 730 (seven
                                hundred and thirty) calendar days, etc. The number of years of the fee-paying Access
                                is
                                multiplied by
                                365 (three hundred sixty-five) days to determine the number of days of the
                                fee-paying
                                Access for tariffs
                                defined in years (unless otherwise provided by this Agreement).
6.2.7. With respect to the “Access by subscription” service, the Administrator shall
                                have the right
                                to recalculate the User's access period to certain subscriptions based on the
                                commercial
                                value of such
                                subscriptions. Recalculation is carried out in the following order: if the User has
                                an
                                active recurring
                                subscription under the conditional name “A” and buying another recurrent
                                subscription
                                under the
                                conditional name “B”, the recalculation takes place, based on the cost and the
                                remaining
                                term of the
                                subscription “A” purchased by the User to subscription "B". Based on the purchase
                                price
                                of subscription
                                "A", the cost of one-day subscription is calculated. The remaining number of days of
                                subscription “A” is
                                multiplied by the cost of one day of subscription (based on the regular cost of one
                                month of subscription),
                                which is equal to the balance of money on subscription “A”. Next, the calculation of
                                the
                                cost of one-day
                                subscription "B". The rest of the cost of subscription "A" is divided by the cost of
                                one-day subscription "B"
                                - as a result, the number of days that are added to the period of subscription "B"
                                appears.
Regarding certain types of Access by subscription (including, but not limited to an
                                Access by subscription
                                that is obtained: (i) through promotional code activation, (ii) through User
                                participation in a promotion, (iii)
                                through User activation of Access by subscription when using telecom operator
                                services)
                                the
                                Administrator shall have the right not to summarize the validity period of such
                                subscriptions.
6.2.8. The special offers of the Administrator (including a promo code usage) may
                                include the
                                condition of automatically prolonging the provision of the Access to Content the
                                service
                                for the next
                                period at regular cost. The User shall have the right to refuse this service in
                                providing Access to the
                                Content and automatic prolongation, by way of controls in their user account (more
                                details shall contain
                                the subparagraph 6.2.8.1 of the Agreement). Thereat, in relation to the services of
                                paid
                                access to the
                                Content (Access by subscription), it can be established that, if the User refuses to
                                automatically
                                prolonging, the special offer expires at the time of such refusal, without
                                subsequently
                                returning to the
                                User the money that he paid for the provision Access to the special offer of the
                                Administrator. You can
                                find more detailed information on the Administrator’s special offers in the
                                interface of
                                the Media Service.
6.2.8.1. The User shall have the right to cancel the renewal of the Access by
                                subscription service at any time. To do this, the User have to click on the
                                "Unsubscribe" button in the "Subscription management" section of the Account of the User
                                and follow the instructions provided in the Media Service. The Access by subscription
                                service shall be terminated for a particular User as of the day following the last day
                                of the paid period; no charges shall be made to the bank card of the User for the next
                                period of the Access by subscription service.
In cases where the User have ordered the Access by subscription service via the MEGOGO
                                app on an iOS mobile device, the User may cancel the Access by subscription service via
                                the App Store on the Internet in accordance with the instructions posted at:
https://support.apple.com/en-euro/HT202039
or on the iOS operating system screen to
                                which the User can access from the MEGOGO app on the mobile device.
In cases where the User have ordered the Access by subscription service via the MEGOGO
                                app on a mobile device running on the Android operating system, the User may cancel the
                                subscription access service via Google Play (Subscriptions section) in accordance with
                                the instructions that can be found at:
https://support.google.com/googlenews/answer/7018481
,
                                or on the Android operating system
                                screen to which the User can access from the MEGOGO app on the mobile device.
6.2.9. The User shall understand and agree to the necessity of paying additional
                                fees to
                                third
                                parties ensuring making of payments for One-time Access or for other fee-paying
                                kinds of
                                Accesses to
                                the Content. The amount of fee for every method of paying for Access to the Content
                                can
                                vary
                                depending on the selected method of payment.
User agrees and authorizes any currency conversion and agrees to any applicable fees
                                through the
                                card-issuing bank of the User that shall be required due to the currency applied by
                                the
                                Media Service to
                                the bank card of the User.
6.2.10. The Administrator within the framework of the Media Service may provide to
                                the
                                User
                                additional service –
“Pre-order”
, which constitutes with the provision to the
                                User opportunity to pay for
                                One-time Access to the Content in respect of a certain unit of the Content with due
                                advance, until the
                                moment of appearance of this unit of the Content in the Media Service, on the
                                following
                                conditions:
6.2.10.1. The date of appearance of such unit of the Content in the Media Service,
                                Access to
                                which the User purchases within the Pre-order service, may be indicated by the
                                Administrator in the
                                announcement with information about the possibility to use this service. At the same
                                time, the
                                Administrator has the right to postpone the date of appearance of such unit of the
                                Content in the Media
                                Service, publishing information about it in the Media Service or not to specify such
                                date in the case of
                                absence of information from rightsholders regarding the release date of such unit of
                                the
                                Content;
6.2.10.2. The User shall pay the cost of One-time Access to the Content;
6.2.10.3. Making the payment within the Pre-order service, the User fully accepts
                                the
                                terms of
                                this Agreement and is aware that the Administrator provides Access to unit of the
                                Content paid for within
                                the Pre-order service not earlier than the time specified in the Pre-order service
                                announcement or not
                                earlier than the date of the appearance of the Content in the Media Service, which
                                was
                                agreed with the
                                respective copyright holder. The Administrator reserves the right to change at any
                                time
                                the anticipated
                                time frame in which the Content becomes available for the first time in the Media
                                Service by using the
                                Pre-Order service;
6.2.10.4. The Administrator reserves the right at any time prior to the date of the
                                beginning of
                                the provision of Access to the Content purchased under the Pre-order service, to
                                revoke
                                the Access of
                                the User to such Content with the returning of the value of the Content which was
                                paid
                                by the User under
                                the Pre-order service to the User;
6.2.10.5. The User has the right to refuse the specified Pre-order service, having
                                addressed
                                with the corresponding requirement to the support service of the Media Service at
                                any
                                time before the
                                date of the first appearance of Content in the Media Service, Access to which was
                                paid
                                by the User
                                within the Pre-order service. The Administrator shall return to the User the value
                                of
                                the unit of Content
                                paid by the User within the Pre-order service in the period up to fourteen (14)
                                business
                                days.
The User hereby acknowledges and agrees that on the day when the Content becomes
                                available for the
                                first time in the Media Service, the service for providing Access to such Content is
                                considered to be
                                provided by the Administrator in its entirety.
6.2.11. The whole of the Administrator’s special offers which are aimed at providing a
                                possibility for new Users to receive Access by subscription or/and One-time Access to
                                the Content at first time might be used by each new User at most once (a "New User"
                                shall mean a User who have not previously had an active Access by subscription Service
                                and/or One-time Access to the Content, respectively, in this (current) and in any other
                                account in the Media service). Reuse of aforesaid special offers shall be treated as an
                                infringement of the Agreement and the Administrator shall be entitled to block the
                                Access by subscription or/and One-time Access to the Content relating to the certain
                                unit of Content for such User. For the purpose of tracking reuse of special offers the
                                Administrator shall be entitled to exploit data provided by Users while using the Media
                                Service, including, but not limited to, the User's payment data.
6.2.12. The Administrator shall make settlements with the User independently or with
                                the
                                involvement of third parties (partners/commission agents/agents), etc.
6.3. Filling in the Media Service the data of their bank card to pay for the
                                services,
                                the User gives
                                unconditional consent to the Administrator to store the encrypted token card (unique
                                digital identifier) by
                                the Administrator with which the User can continue to pay for the services in the
                                Media
                                Service without
                                the need to enter banking payment data cards.
6.3.1. For the purpose of checking the bank card (when added by the User to his/her
                                account in the
                                Media Service), the Administrator shall have the right to offer the User a
                                preliminary
                                check of the bank
                                card as available for payments, including, but not limited to, without purchasing
                                the
                                services of Access to
                                the Content. During the above-mentioned bank card verification (without purchasing
                                the
                                services of
                                Access to the Content), the sum of money necessary for the preliminary bank card
                                validity check can be
                                temporarily withheld. The terms of return from the moment of withholding the
                                specified
                                amount shall be
                                determined by the bank that issued the bank card of the User, and shall not depend
                                on
                                the Administrator.
6.4. Provision of the User with Access to the Content via the Media Service shall
                                also
                                be possible if such
                                User activates an access code (a promo code) by entering such a promo code in the
                                corresponding field
                                of the Media Service. In this case, the following subparagraphs shall be at the
                                discretion of the
                                Administrator:
6.4.1. the activation of a promo code is possible only after the User passes the
                                registration procedure in
                                the Media Service and creates an account (via phone number or e-mail), and/or
6.4.2. a promo code can be activated only after adding the bank card of the User
                                and/or
                                phone number,
                                and/or e-mail address to the account of the User, and/or
6.4.3. a promo code can be activated only after adding the bank card of the User to
                                the
                                account of the
                                User. The User is hereby informed that the auto-renewal service (as described in
                                more
                                detail in
                                paragraph 6.2.6.4. of the Agreement) is automatically activated at the moment the
                                User
                                adds the
                                specified bank card, and/or
6.4.4. promotional code activation is possible only for new Users.
A "new User" means a User who has not previously had an active subscription-based Access
                                service in this (current) or any other account in the Media Service.
The Administrator is entitled not to provide Access to the Content using promo codes if
                                the User has not taken the actions stipulated in the 6.4.1. - 6.4.4 subparagraphs of the
                                6.4 paragraph of the Agreement.
6.5. The cost of Access to the Content (One-Time Access or Access by subscription) shall
                                be indicated for the User (including on the pages of the Media Service with the
                                corresponding Content and/or on the Account of the User page). The specified cost may
                                vary for the same Access to the Content depending on the device of the User through
                                which the User acquires Access to the given Content, the quality of the Content, the
                                experience of the User, and/or other conditions. When defining the User experience, the
                                Administrator shall have the right to use the following criteria, including but not
                                limited to: the period of using the Service, the nature and quantity of purchases made
                                by the User in the Service, the total amount of time the User spent viewing the Content
                                units in the Service, as well as other criteria at the discretion of the Administrator.
The User shall determine the Device from which the payment for the Access to the Content
                                shall be made at their sole discretion. If the cost of the Access on this Device differs
                                from the cost of the Access on another Device at the time of payment, the User shall be
                                entitled to choose the Device from which he/she will make the payment.
6.6. To activate the Access to Services code, which may be purchased by the User
                                from the partners of
                                the Administrator (including, but not limited to retail chains, retail stores,
                                online stores, in other
                                distribution networks), the Administrator may require the User to present the
                                document confirming
                                that such User has paid for the Access code (for example, a receipt, cash voucher,
                                bill of lading, act of
                                acceptance and transfer etc.). At the same time, the User must activate the Access
                                to services
                                promotional code no later than 365 (three hundred and sixty-five) calendar days from
                                the date of
                                payment for the corresponding Access code. The countdown of the activation period of
                                the Access to
                                services promotional code starts from the date of payment of the corresponding
                                Access code, which
                                must be specified in the document provided by the User to confirm the payment.
6.7. The Administrator hereby notifies the User that the names of the buttons and
                                sections of the Media
                                Service specified in this Agreement may be renamed at the discretion of the
                                Administrator without any
                                notification or consent of the User. Unless otherwise expressly determined by the
                                Administrator, the said
                                changes shall not affect the relations of the Parties and the functionality of such
                                buttons and/or sections.
6.8. In addition to the Accesses specified in this paragraph of the Agreement, the
                                Administrator may also
                                provide Access to the Content through various partnerships (hereinafter the Partner
                                Access). The
                                Partner Access is a service provided by the Administrator together with and/or
                                through
                                partners of the
                                Administrator (including, but not limited to Communications service providers,
                                communications providers,
                                etc.), which has the characteristics of a particular Access to the services in the
                                Media
                                Service. The list of
                                Content of such Partner Access service available to the user, its name on partner
                                resources, cost, the
                                term (period) of Access, and payment procedure may differ from similar Access
                                services
                                in the Media
                                Service. Any User that is provided with the Partner Access Service shall be deemed a
                                User under this
                                Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrator shall not be liable to
                                Users
                                for the content,
                                form, and reliability of the information (materials) provided through partner
                                resources.
7. PROVISION OF ACCESS TO TELEVISION AND RADIO DROADCASTING ON THE TERRITORY OF THE
                                REPUBLIC OF UZBEKISTAN
7.1. Exclusively within the territory of the Republic of Uzbekistan, the provision of
                                television and radio broadcasting network services (transmission) is carried out by
                                Foreign enterprise Limited Liability Company «MEGOGO», a legal entity registered and
                                operating in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Uzbekistan (registration
                                number: 533509, address of location: Republic of Uzbekistan, 100029, Tashkent city,
                                Mirabad district, 15, Chimkent str. (hereinafter the Foreign enterprise MEGOGO LLC).
The activity of Foreign enterprise MEGOGO LLC in providing television and radio
                                broadcasting network services (transmission) is based on:
1) license for the design, construction, operation, and maintenance of
                                telecommunications networks No. 383399 dated 05.09.2024, issued by the Ministry of
                                Digital Technologies of the Republic of Uzbekistan, license register number – 151,
                                authorized activity: provision of television and radio broadcasting network services
                                (transmission);
2) a license for the design, construction, operation, and maintenance of
                                telecommunications networks No. 383367 dated 05.09.2024, issued by the Ministry of
                                Digital Technologies of the Republic of Uzbekistan, license register number – 152,
                                authorized activities: operation of data transmission networks and provision of data
                                transmission network services.
7.2. The television and radio broadcasting network services (transmission) provided by
                                Foreign enterprise MEGOGO LLC are integrated into the Media Service.
7.3. The television and radio broadcasting network services (transmission) provided by
                                Foreign enterprise MEGOGO LLC shall mean Access to TV Channels, which are formed by
                                Foreign enterprise MEGOGO LLC into packages and may include Access to M-playlists.
7.4. Integration of television and radio broadcasting network services (transmission)
                                provided by Foreign enterprise MEGOGO LLC means, among other things, their inclusion in
                                the subscription-based Access service.
7.5. At the same time, the functions of the Administrator of the Media Service and
                                interaction with the User on any issues within the territory of the Republic of
                                Uzbekistan are performed by the Administrator in accordance with the provisions of this
                                Agreement.
8. PROVISION OF ACCESS TO TELEVISION AND RADIO CHANNELS ON THE TERRITORY OF THE
                                REPUBLIC
                                OF KAZAKHSTAN
8.1. Exclusively on the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the provision of
                                services for the distribution of television and radio channels is carried out by
                                MEGOGO
                                Kazakhstan LLP, a legal entity registered and operating under the legislation of the
                                Republic of Kazakhstan (Business Individual Number: 150840017489, address: Republic
                                of
                                Kazakhstan, Almaty, Medeu district, Dostyk avenue, 128, office 7) (hereinafter -
                                “MEGOGO
                                Kazakhstan LLP”), based on the license of the Information Committee of the Ministry
                                of
                                Information and Social Development of the Republic of Kazakhstan No. 22008657 for
                                activities on distribution of television and radio channels.
8.2. TV and radio channel distribution services provided by MEGOGO Kazakhstan LLP
                                are
                                integrated into Media Service.
8.3. Services for the distribution of television and radio channels provided by
                                MEGOGO Kazakhstan
                                LLP mean Access to TV channels that are formed by MEGOGO Kazakhstan LLP into
                                packages and may
                                include Access to M-playlist.
8.4. Integration of services for the distribution of television and radio channels
                                provided by MEGOGO Kazakhstan LLP means, among other things, their inclusion in the
                                Access by subscription service.
8.5. At the same time, the functions of Administrator of the Media Service and
                                interaction with the User on any issues on the territory of the Republic of
                                Kazakhstan
                                are performed by the Administrator in accordance with the provisions of this
                                Agreement.
9. PROVISION OF ACCESS TO THE CONTENT ON THE TERRITORY OF THE REPUBLIC OF LATVIA
9.1. On the territory of the Republic of Latvia, Access to the Content is provided by
                                the
                                Limited Liability Company «MEGOGO» (SIA «MEGOGO»), a legal entity registered and
                                operating in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Latvia (registration number:
                                40103584725, address: Jūrmala, Kuģu iela 10, LV-2010 (hereinafter referred to as «SIA
                                «MEGOGO»).
The activities of SIA «MEGOGO» regarding the provision of Access to certain Content are
                                carried out based on:
1) permission for rebroadcasting from the National Electronic Mass Media Council of
                                Latvia
                                (hereinafter referred to as the Council) No. RR-43, issued by Council decision No. 46 of
                                February 13, 2014, for rebroadcasting and distribution of programs in public electronic
                                communication networks, and
2) decision of the Council No. 144 of July 24, 2013, on the inclusion of services
                                provided
                                by SIA «MEGOGO» in the register of audiovisual services on demand.
9.2. As a rebroadcaster and distributor of TV programs, SIA «MEGOGO» provides Users with
                                Access to TV channels, which are formed into packages by SIA «MEGOGO» and may include
                                Access to M-playlists.
9.3. As an on-demand audiovisual service provider, SIA «MEGOGO» provides Users with
                                Access to
                                audiovisual programs from a formed catalog of programs (including movies, cartoons,
                                series, shows).
9.4. The services of rebroadcasting of TV channels and Access to audiovisual programs
                                from
                                the formed catalog, provided by SIA «MEGOGO», are integrated into the Media Service.
9.5. The integration of services for rebroadcasting TV channels and Access to
                                audiovisual
                                programs from the formed catalog, provided by SIA «MEGOGO», includes, in particular,
                                their inclusion in the Access by subscription service.
9.6. At the same time, the functions of the Media Service Administrator and interaction
                                with
                                the User on any issues on the territory of the Republic of Latvia are performed by the
                                Administrator in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
10. PROVISION OF ACCESS TO THE CONTENT IN THE TERRITORY OF THE REPUBLIC OF AZERBAIJAN
10.1. In the territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Access to the Content is provided
                                by the
                                Limited Liability Company «MEGOGO», a legal entity registered and operating in
                                accordance with the laws of the Republic of Azerbaijan (registration number (VÖEN:) -
                                1503651841, address: Republic of Azerbaijan, AZ1008, Baku city, Narimanov district,
                                Karabakh, house 22) (hereinafter referred to as «LLC «MEGOGO»).
The activities of LLC «MEGOGO» regarding the provision of Access to certain Content are
                                carried out based on:
1) the special license No. UPO-045 dated July 9, 2024, issued by the Audiovisual Council
                                of the Republic of Azerbaijan, for the activities of LLC «MEGOGO» as a universal
                                platform operator, regarding the rebroadcasting of TV and radio channels by LLC
                                «MEGOGO», and
2) the special license No. SYP-004 dated July 9, 2024, issued by the Audiovisual Council
                                of the Republic of Azerbaijan, for the activities of LLC «MEGOGO» as a provider of
                                on-demand broadcasting services regarding the provision of Users with Access to
                                audiovisual programs from the formed catalog of programs.
10.2. As a provider of on-demand broadcasting services, LLC «MEGOGO» provides Users with
                                Access to audiovisual programs from a formed catalog of programs (including movies,
                                cartoons, series, shows).
10.3. As a universal platform operator, LLC «MEGOGO» provides Users with the service of
                                rebroadcasting TV and radio channels, which means Access to a list of TV channels and
                                may include Access to M-playlists.
10.4. The services of rebroadcasting TV and radio channels and Access to audiovisual
                                programs
                                from the formed catalog of programs, provided by LLC «MEGOGO», are integrated into the
                                Media Service.
10.5. The integration of services for rebroadcasting TV and radio channels and Access to
                                audiovisual programs from the formed catalog of programs, provided by LLC «MEGOGO»,
                                includes, in particular, their inclusion in the Access by subscription service.
10.6. At the same time, the functions of the Media Service Administrator and interaction
                                with
                                the User on any issues within the territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan are performed
                                by the Administrator in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
11. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
11.1. Access to the Media Service shall be granted with consideration of the
                                technical
                                requirements envisaged in the present Agreement and in the interface of the Media
                                Service.
11.2. The Access to the Media Service is provided to the User by way of Devices
                                which
                                the
                                User
                                adds (connects) to their Account on the Media Service.
11.3. The User agrees and accepts that Services may not be available (have limited
                                functionality) when using Devices which do not comply with the technical requirements
                                for the use of the Media Service, and/or when using non-updated (or which cannot be
                                updated) versions of MEGOGO software applications, and also if there are other
                                restrictions envisaged by the Administrator and/or the rightsholders of the Content. The
                                list of the connected Devices can be modified by the User in their user account. All
                                Devices added (connected) by the User to his/her Account will be deemed connected. The
                                five most recently added and/or used Devices in the Account of the User are deemed to be
                                the connected Devices through which the User is provided with Access to the Media
                                Service.
11.4. The User hereby acknowledges that they are entitled to access the Content
                                using
no
                                    more
                                    than five (5) simultaneous streams (video/audio streams of units of the
                                    Content)
per
                                one Account of
                                the User. As for certain Content units, including, but not limited to TV channels
                                and
                                sports content, the
                                number of streams (video/audio streams of the Content units) used simultaneously may
                                be
                                limited by
                                the Administrator, including, but not limited to, exclusively in accordance with the
                                requirements of the
                                respective right holder of such Content units, and be less than five (5)
                                simultaneous
                                streams
(video/audio streams of Content units)
per one Account of the User, which is
                                indicated in the interface
                                of the Media Service.
11.5. The Administrator shall establish technical means for protection of the
                                Content
                                from
                                unauthorized access and/or other actions which are prohibited under the present
                                Agreement or the
                                current legislation applicable to the Agreement.
11.6. For Access to the Content at the Media Service by way of a Device the User
                                should
                                have
                                corresponding software installed which allows playback of the Content. The User
                                hereby
                                agrees that
                                Access Services may not be provided from Devices that use unofficial and/or
                                unlicensed
                                software
                                applications, operating systems, etc., to access the Media Service. If the User
                                fails to
                                comply with the
                                abovementioned condition, the funds for the paid Access services shall not be
                                refunded.
11.7. The quality of Accesses to the Content depends on the speed of the Internet
                                connection
                                and other criteria, including the model of the Device used, on which the
                                Administrator
                                shall inform the
                                User.
11.8. All issues concerning purchase of Internet access rights, purchase and
                                adjustment
                                of
                                corresponding Devices and software applications shall be settled by the User on
                                their
                                own. Such issues
                                do not fall within the scope of the present Agreement, and the Administrator shall
                                not
                                be responsible for
                                such actions on the part of the User or third parties.
11.9. To avoid discrepancies, the Administrator hereby informs the User that due to
                                the
                                obligations of the Administrator to the rightsholders of the Content and/or
                                technical
                                requirements,
                                regarding certain items of the Content, the Access to view which was purchased by
                                the
                                User on one
                                Device, may not be available for viewing on another Device.
11.10. The Administrator shall not be responsible for any damage to equipment or
                                software
                                of the
                                User or another person emerging due to or in connection with the use of the Media
                                Service.
12. USER ACCOUNT (ACCOUNT)
12.1. After registration with the Media Service in accordance with the procedure as
                                prescribed in
                                Chapter 5 of the present Agreement, the User shall be granted access to their user
                                account.
12.2. Within the framework of the present Agreement, a user account shall denote the
                                Account
                                of the User at the Media Service which includes the data required to identify the
                                User
                                and the
                                authorization data.
12.3. With the help of their user account, the User shall be able to:
12.3.1. Fill their personal information into their Account and modify it if their
                                personal data changes;
12.3.2. Control the validity of their Access types, payment deadlines as well as
                                payment
                                history
                                and Access to the Content
12.3.3. View the amount of their bonuses and the procedure of their assignment
                                within
                                the
                                framework of a loyalty program;
12.3.4. View available gifts and exchange them for their bonuses in accordance with
                                the
                                conditions
                                stipulated in the user account;
12.3.5. Perform other actions described herein.
12.4. With the account, the User can use the Parental Control feature, which, through
                                the PIN code that is set independently, allows them to restrict purchasing Access to
                                Content and Access to certain Content that is not intended for individuals under the
                                permissible age according to the laws of the country of the User's location.
12.5. With the User Account, the User can create and manage profiles for login to the
                                Media Service (hereinafter - "Login Profile", "Profile").
As part of the Login Profile, the User can define age preferences for Access to Content.
                                Specifying age preferences makes it possible to make the offer of Content more
                                user-oriented. Profile age preferences are not equivalent to and do not replace Parental
                                Control function.
                                The Login Profile to the Media Service is part of the user account (Account) and is not
                                a separate (independent) element of using and/or managing the User's access to the Media
                                Service.
13. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
13.1. All intellectual property rights to the use of the Media Service shall belong
                                to
                                the
                                Administrator, and the rights to the Content hosted at the Media Service - to its
                                legitimate rightsholders.
                                The Media Service and the Content as intellectual property objects shall be subject
                                to
                                legal protection
                                under the current legislation of a specific territory where the User shall be
                                granted
                                access to the Media
                                Service and watching the Content, and under international legal rules.
13.2. Unless otherwise stipulated in the Agreement or indicated by the
                                Administrator,
                                the user shall
                                not receive intellectual property rights to the Content; in particular, he shall not
                                have the right to playback
                                of the Content units, sale or other way of disposal, public display, public
                                performance,
                                bringing to public
                                domain and so on. The User shall be responsible for violation of intellectual
                                property
                                rights vested in the
                                Administrator, Content copyright holders or third parties, in accordance with the
                                current laws of a specific
                                territory where access to watching the Content is provided, and in accordance with
                                international legal
                                rules.
13.3. Any actions intended to bypass the technical means of protection under this
                                Agreement and
                                to gain Access to the Content shall constitute a breach of copyright, and the User
                                shall
                                bear legal
                                responsibility and other responsibility for such actions, subject to the current
                                applicable legislation.
13.4. If the Content or other information provided at the Media Service is shown
                                publicly, for
                                instance at entertainment establishments and leisure facilities, organizers of such
                                public showing shall
                                be responsible for it and settle the claims of rightsholders and/or third parties
                                related to such use of
                                information on their own.
13.5. The Administrator shall reserve the right to remove any Content of the Media
                                Service.
14. ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS
14.1. The present Agreement shall be hosted at the Media Service in open access for
                                the
                                User. The
                                most recent edition of the Agreement is available at the address
http://megogo.net/rules
.
14.2. Current legislation of the Republic of Cyprus shall apply to the present
                                Agreement. Issued
                                which are not regulated by the Agreement shall be solved in accordance with the
                                legislation of the
                                Republic of Cyprus.
14.3. The present Agreement shall be concluded for an indefinite period and shall
                                cover
                                the Users
                                from the moment of their actual use of the Media Service.
14.4. All disputes and discordances, claims and demands concerning the present
                                Agreement
                                shall
                                be solved by way of negotiation. If the Parties fail to achieve agreement by way of
                                negotiation, such
                                dispute shall be solved in a judicial proceeding at the location of the
                                Administrator
                                and under the current
                                legislation applicable to the Agreement.
14.5. Voidness (nullity) or incompliance with the applicable current legislation of
                                any
                                of the
                                conditions within the present Agreement shall not affect the validity of its other
                                conditions. If any
                                condition of the Agreement is recognized to be void (null), the Administrator shall
                                undertake to promptly
                                replace it with another condition which will be most corresponding to the contents
                                of
                                the condition being
                                replaced but will be valid at the same time.
14.6. Headings in the present Agreement are given for reasons of convenience and
                                shall
                                not affect
                                interpretation of articles of the Agreement.
14.7. All terms which are written with a capital letter in the text of the present
                                Agreement shall have
                                the meanings given to them herein, and their meanings shall cover all word forms in
                                both
                                singular and
                                plural. Other terms which are used in the present Agreement and are not defined
                                herein
                                shall have the
                                meanings which are defined for them in the current legislation applicable to the
                                present
                                Agreement. The
                                word “including” shall also suggest the notion “without limitation.”
14.8. Any obligation of a party to abstain from performing an action shall include
                                the
                                obligation to
                                prevent performance of such action.
14.9. If any questions, notices, suggestions, or claims regarding the Media Service have
                                occurred, the User can address the Administrator by sending a corresponding letter to
                                the address: Karditsis, 1, apt./office 102, Kaimakli, 1037, Nicosia, Cyprus, or via the
                                email address and phone numbers specified in the "All Contacts" section on the Website
                                at the following link:
https://megogo.net/contacts
14.10. If the User submits a claim regarding the Content hosted at the Media
                                Service,
                                including if
                                the User is a copyright holder and such copyright has been violated, the User shall
                                undertake to submit
                                documents to confirm their valid grounds for such claim, provide clear arguments and
                                contact
                                information.
14.11. The text of this version of the Agreement is in English. In case of
                                discrepancies
                                between
                                the versions of the Agreement in English and other languages, the text of the
                                Agreement
                                in English shall
                                prevail.
Effective date March 4, 2025
Privacy Policy
Contents of the document
1. General Provisions
2. What Is Personal Data?
3. What Data of the User Is
                                Processed by the
                                Administrator?
4. Under What Conditions Can the
                                Administrator
                                Process Children’s Data?
5. On What Basis Does the
                                Administrator Process
                                Data? For What Purposes Does the Administrator Process Data?
6. How Long Can the Personal Data of
                                the
                                User Be
                                Stored?
7. What Rights Does the User Have
                                Regarding Their
                                Personal Data?
8. What Are Cookies and How Do We
                                Use
                                Them?
9. With Who Do We Share Your Data?
10. Other Cases of Data Disclosure
11. When Can the Administrator
                                Change the Terms of
                                This Policy?
12. How Does the
                                Administrator Protect Personal
                                Data?
13. Contacting the Administrator or Data Protection
                                Authority
1. GENERAL PROVISIONS
1.1. This Privacy Policy provides the User with information regarding their personal
                                data processing
                                by the administrator of the MEGOGO Media Service (hereinafter the "Media Service"),
                                VASKIANI
                                VENTURES LIMITED (hereinafter the "Administrator"), including the information
                                required
                                by Articles 13 and
                                14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") on the protection of individuals concerning
                                the
                                processing of
                                personal data (the "GDPR").
1.2. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the Media Service, as
                                personal data is
                                collected, processed, used, stored, and transferred to third parties (including
                                cross-border data transfer)
                                during the use of the Media Service.
1.3. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter the "Policy") is an integral part of the User
                                Agreement
                                (hereinafter the "Agreement") between the Administrator and Users,, available at
https://megogo.net/rules
.
1.4. The Controller of personal data of the Media Service Users is VASKIANI VENTURES
                                LIMITED,
                                located at Karditsis, flat 1 /office 102, Kaimakli, 1037 Nicosia, Cyprus.
1.5. For all questions regarding the processing (including collection, use, and
                                storage)
                                of personal
                                data, as well as the transfer of personal data, Users may contact
data.privacy@megogo.net
.
1.6. According to the terms of the Agreement, exclusively on the territory of the
                                Republic of
                                Uzbekistan, the provision of the service of rebroadcasting TV channels is carried
                                out by
                                Megogo LLC, a legal
                                entity registered and operating under the legislation of the Republic of Uzbekistan
                                (hereinafter referred to as
                                Megogo LLC), HOWEVER, the functions of the Media Service Administration and
                                interaction
                                with the User on
                                any issues on the territory of the Republic of Uzbekistan is performed by the
                                Administrator in accordance with
                                the provisions of the Agreement, which means that the personal data of the Users are
                                not
                                transferred or
                                processed by Megogo LLC.
2. WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?
2.1.
Personal data (hereinafter the "Data")
means any information about the
                                User
                                that allows
                                identifying the User, directly or indirectly. For example, their name, user ID in
                                the
                                Media Service, location
                                information, online identifiers (indicators of the User's actions in the Service),
                                or
                                other information about the
                                User.
3. WHAT DATA OF THE USER IS PROCESSED BY
                                THE
                                ADMINISTRATOR?
The Administrator may process different categories of User Data, namely:
3.1.
Data provided by the User:
3.1.1 User's first and last names, nickname, email address, phone number, gender,
                                age,
                                photo (avatar),
                                payment details, and payment methods. Such data you provide in several ways, for
                                example, during
                                registration and/or use of the Media Service, interaction with the support service,
                                and/or participation in
                                promotional activities carried out by the Administrator (both independently and with
                                the
                                help of partners).
3.1.2. Information provided when posting a review and/or "Like"/"Dislike" a
                                particular
                                piece of Content in the
                                Media Service and/or other information provided by you when using the Media Service.
3.2.
Data collected by the Administrator, including through cookies:
3.2.1. Data about the User's activity on the Media Service, such as browsing
                                history,
                                search history, etc.
3.2.2. Data about the type of device, model, and id of the device, its operating
                                system,
                                through which the
                                Media Service is accessed; Internet browser, from which the Web version of the Media
                                Service is accessed.
                                In case when software applications of the Media Service are used on devices to
                                access
                                the Media Service,
                                data on the location of the device (up to the city) is collected.
3.2.3 Details of the interaction with the support service, such as the date, time,
                                and
                                reason for the request,
                                the transcript of any conversation with the support service employees, the phone
                                number
                                from which the call
                                to the support service was made, and a record of such conversation.
3.2.4 Data our company receives through cookies, web beacons, and other similar
                                technologies. You can read more about this in
the section about cookies
.
3.2.5. Results of marketing activities.
3.3.
Data received from other sources:
3.3.1. In case of registration in the Media Service via the User's social network
                                account (the list of social
                                networks whose account allows registration in the Media Service is specified on the
                                User's registration page),
                                the User agrees to transfer the Data necessary for the registration of the account
                                in
                                the Media Service (such
                                as name, last name, email address, photo (avatar), social network user ID, date of
                                birth) from the owner of
                                such social network to the Administrator.
4. UNDER WHAT CONDITIONS CAN THE ADMINISTRATOR
                                PROCESS
                                CHILDREN’S DATA?
4.1. Our Services shall only be used by children under the supervision of a parent
                                or
                                other legal guardian. The
                                User shall be at least 18 years old (or the legal age of majority in the country in
                                which they are located) to use
                                the Media Service independently.
4.2. The User shall be adult enough to decide whether or not to provide their Data
                                to
                                the Administrator. If the
                                User is under the age of 14 (or other age in accordance with the laws of the country
                                of,
                                the User's location),
                                parent, guardian, or another legal representative shall provide or approve consent
                                to
                                the processing of their
                                Data.
5. ON WHAT BASIS DOES THE ADMINISTRATOR
                                PROCESS DATA? FOR WHAT
                                PURPOSES DOES THE ADMINISTRATOR PROCESS DATA?
5.1. The legal basis for personal data processing shall be:
5.1.1. the processing for the purpose to provide, analyze, administer, improve and
                                personalize the Media
                                Service, i.e. for the execution of the User Agreement, in which the User is one of
                                the
                                parties, as well as in
                                relation to the steps preceding the conclusion of the agreement as well as to
                                perform
                                registration of Users in
                                the Media Service, receive payments from Users, and communicate with Users regarding
                                the
                                aforementioned
                                (art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR).
Here you can meet some examples:
- Identification of Users within the use of the Media Service. The Administrator may
                                use
                                the information to confirm the User's access to the Media Service.
- Fulfillment of requests for Content, access to which is provided within the use of
                                the
                                Media Service.
- Individualization of the User's use of the Service, based on the User's behavior
                                model
                                and area of interest. The Administrator may carry out the profiling of personal data
                                to
                                increase the level of their relevance. Profiling shall mean any form of automated
                                personal data processing, including the use of personal data for the evaluation of
                                certain personal characteristics relating to an individual, in particular for the
                                analysis or prediction of aspects related to this individual in the context of
                                his/her
                                activities during the use of the Media Service, personal preferences, interests, and
                                location. The Administrator shall not make any decisions that might have legal or
                                other
                                important consequences for the User, including based on data profiling. Possible
                                processing in automatic mode, including profiling, will be intended only for
                                analysis
                                and prediction of preferences of the User for preparation of individual offers to
                                the
                                User.
- Ensuring that important notices, such as changes in the User Agreement and/or
                                Privacy
                                Policy, are sent out.
5.1.2. the consent of the User to the processing of personal data (art. 6 (1) (a)
                                GDPR);
Here you can meet some examples:
- Use of personal data to increase the relevance of advertising materials and more
                                accurate targeting.
- We use cookies and similar technologies to provide content and the best user
                                experience through user’s device. For more information see
the section about cookies
and
                                settings
                                in our cookie-banner on user’s device.
5.1.3. the legitimate interest of the Administrator to perform direct marketing, i.
                                e.
                                to send letters, SMS
                                notifications, notifications via messengers (such as Viber, Telegram, etc.), push
                                messages, and other
                                notifications, in particular in the interface of Media Service, of information and
                                advertising nature, as well as
                                legal interest to counteract fraudulent actions, including those, connected with a
                                test
                                period of using the
                                services of the Media Service (art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
Here you can meet some examples:
- Analysis and research of Users' actions within the Media Service to improve the
                                quality
                                of the services provided in the Media Service, as well as ways of cooperation with
                                Users.
- Preventing fraudulent actions, including with a test period of using the Media
                                Service's
                                services.
- If a User participates in any promotional campaign, contest, or similar event, the
                                Administrator has the right to use the information provided by Users to moderate
                                such
                                event.
- The Administrator may carry out the profiling of personal data to improve the
                                quality
                                of
                                services. The Administrator shall not make any decisions that might have legal or
                                other
                                important consequences for the User, including based on data profiling. Possible
                                processing in automatic mode, including profiling, will be intended only for
                                analysis
                                and prediction of preferences of the User for direct marketing.
- Informing Users about the appearance of new Content in the Service, promotions, or
                                other
                                news about the Media Service, by email, push messages, or other communication means.
                                The
                                User has the right to refuse to receive such information by independently turning
                                off
                                the function of receiving mailings by clicking on a special link indicated in the
                                email;
                                sending an email to the Administrator's email address
data.privacy@megogo.net
;
                                turning off push notifications in the settings of mobile devices; blocking the
                                receipt
                                of messages in messenger applications.
6. HOW LONG CAN THE PERSONAL DATA OF THE USER BE
                                STORED?
6.1. Our company shall not retain and process your data longer than is necessary to
                                achieve the purposes for
                                which it was collected. Retention periods are determined on a case-by-case basis and
                                depend on such things
                                as the type of data, why it is collected and processed, and the relevant legal or
                                operational retention needs.
                                Please note that we may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply
                                with
                                legal obligations,
                                resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
6.2. Once the retention period for processing your data has expired, our company may
                                aggregate or delete
                                data to the point where the User can no longer be identified and processed solely in
                                statistical form. Once
                                safeguards against the risks of re-identification have been taken, the data is no
                                longer
                                considered personal,
                                as it means that the User can no longer be identified.
7. WHAT RIGHTS DOES THE USER HAVE REGARDING
                                THEIR PERSONAL
                                DATA?
7.1. The User shall have the following rights concerning his/her personal data:
• demand from the controller to provide access to data relating to him or her,
                                correct,
                                delete or limit its processing; The right to delete profile including all personal
                                data
                                in it shall be exercised using the function
https://megogo.net/deleting_account
.
• object to the processing of such processing is carried out based on the legitimate
                                interest of the controller, including to object to processing for marketing
                                purposes,
                                including profiling related to direct marketing;
• to receive data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and,
                                if
                                technically possible, to transfer it unhindered to another controller (so-called
                                data
                                portability);
• withdraw consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based
                                on
                                consent before its withdrawal.
• file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
7.2. To exercise their rights, the User shall have the right to contact the
                                Administrator by email – by writing to
data.privacy@megogo.net
.
7.3. If the User requests the deletion of Personal Data, the Administrator shall
                                ensure
                                the deletion of the
                                account and the personal data associated with such account. The Administrator
                                reserves
                                the right to store
                                payment data, which protects fraudulent interaction with the Media Service
                                (including
                                that associated with
                                multiple activations of the test period of the Media Service's services).
7.4. The deletion of personal data may also be restricted by the requirements of
                                applicable law. In particular,
                                such restrictions may include the obligation of the Administrator to retain the
                                information deleted by the User
                                for the period prescribed by applicable law and to transfer such information by the
                                legally established
                                procedure to the state authority. In addition, the Administrator has the right to
                                limit
                                the right to deletion to
                                protect their interests against every legal claim within the limitation period. If
                                the
                                right to delete data is
                                restricted, the User may request that the Administrator restrict data processing to
                                storage only.
7.5. The exercise of other rights may similarly be restricted by the requirements of
                                applicable law.
7.6. The User's request to exercise the rights listed above will be evaluated,
                                taking
                                into account the
                                circumstances of the particular case. Please note that the Administrator may store
                                and
                                use the information to
                                comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements, if
                                necessary.
8. WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DO WE USE
                                THEM?
8.1. Cookies and other similar technologies may be used in the Media Service's web
                                version, mobile
                                applications, and advertisements. The abovementioned technologies help to store
                                identification text files,
                                namely pieces of program code that allow the User to store information about the
                                User
                                and identify it when
                                using the Media Service in the future.
8.2. Here is the list of the types of cookies placed by the Media Service and third
                                parties.
                                In addition to cookies, which are strictly necessary for providing the Media
                                Service,
                                they contain
                                information about cookies, which may be used by third parties to assist the
                                Administrator of the
                                Media Service in providing the Media Service. Media Service cookies may be
                                permanent,
                                temporary,
                                or session cookies. The number and names of cookies are subject to change.
                                Consequently,
                                the tables
                                in the settings may be periodically updated to provide the User with the most
                                current
                                information.
Essential Cookies.
These cookies are mandatory for the operation of the Media
                                Service
                                and cannot be disabled in the systems of the Media Service. They are set in response
                                to
                                actions performed by the User that are a request for services, such as setting,
                                registering, logging in, or completing a profile. If the browser is configured to
                                block
                                these cookies, it will cause some parts of the Media Service may not work. Such
                                Media
                                Service's cookies include functionality, performance, and analytics cookies (e.g.,
                                content personalization, recommendation system without which the service is not
                                provided; fraud monitoring), security cookies, user profile authentication cookies,
                                and
                                User session cookies on the Media Service.
Analytics cookies.
These cookies collect information about how Users use the
                                website,
                                which pages Users visit most often, and whether they receive error messages from web
                                pages. Also, these cookies are used to provide statistical information commonly used
                                to
                                measure performance and improvement. They are also known as "analytics". Analytics
                                include activities such as counting page visits, dwell times, metrics, and
                                preferences.
                                Media Service's electronic communications may use "click-through URLs" that are
                                associated with specific content in the Media Service and which take the User to the
                                landing page when clicked. At this point, analytics data is also collected from the
                                Media Service, as they provide information about the most popular topics and the
                                level
                                of interaction with the User. Sometimes analytics services are provided by third
                                parties
                                and specialized software that may use their own and third-party cookies. Some
                                third-party software services embedded in the site may use analytics services to
                                measure
                                the effectiveness of the services. The Media Service uses Google Analytics, which
                                allows
                                us to count traffic and traffic sources to measure and improve the effectiveness of
                                the
                                Media Service. They help learn which pages are most and least popular and see how
                                Users
                                navigate the site. To view the privacy of Google Analytics cookies, click the link
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
Targeting cookies.
These cookies are used to provide advertisements that are
                                more
                                relevant to the User and the User's interests. For example, information about how
                                certain Content is viewed using the User's computer or mobile device helps make the
                                Media Service's advertising notifications and materials more relevant to the User's
                                interests. In addition, special pixel tags make it possible to determine whether an
                                email sent by the Service has been opened and read. Media Service may also use this
                                information to reduce or eliminate emails. Targeted cookies are also used to
                                determine
                                the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. Targeted cookies may be set on the
                                Media
                                Service site by advertising partners. These cookies remember that the User has
                                visited a
                                particular Web site, and this information is shared with other entities, such as
                                advertisers. If the User does not allow these cookies, the User shall still see
                                generic
                                advertising that is not based on the User's interests.
Third-party cookies.
These cookies are set by third parties for marketing,
                                analytical
                                and functional purposes. For example, when authorizing by external social networks,
                                certain cookies may be set for the functionality to work correctly. If such cookies
                                are
                                blocked, certain parts of the functionality of the service may not work correctly.
                                The
                                list and name of such cookies may be dynamically changed by the respective third
                                party.
IAB Purpose Category.
We process your data to deliver content or
                                advertisements
                                and measure the delivery of
                                such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this
                                information with our
                                partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your
                                right to
                                consent or object to a
                                legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose or at a partner level in the link
                                under
                                each purpose. These
                                choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and
                                Consent
                                Framework (TCF).
8.3. The User can always limit the use of cookies or change the settings of cookies
                                during the use of
                                the Media Service and withdraw their consent by settings in cookie-banner on user’s
                                device. In addition, to change the settings of cookies, the User can use the
                                settings of
                                their Internet
                                browser or mobile device. To do this, our company recommends you follow these links:
•
For
                                Internet Explorer users
;
•
For
                                Chrome users
;
•
For Safari
                                web
                                users
and
Safari on iPhone,
                                iPad,
                                and iPod touch users
;
•
For
                                Firefox users
;
•
For
                                Android users
;
9. WITH WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA?
9.1. To properly and efficiently provide services to the User, support the various
                                functions of the Media Service
                                and ensure its operation, provide marketing and promotional services, or perform
                                transactions by bank card
                                or other payment methods within the Media Service, our company enter into agreements
                                with independent
                                contractors and also cooperate with other service providers, companies and
                                organizations. This engagement
                                of contractors and service providers may include the transfer of User data to third
                                parties.
9.2. In cases where data is transferred to a third party located in a country that
                                does
                                not provide an adequate
                                level of data protection within the meaning of European Union law, the Administrator
                                takes additional
                                measures to protect User data, such as entering into data processing agreements
                                based on
                                standard data
                                protection clauses adopted by the European Commission.
9.3. Among other things, we engage partner companies (hereinafter referred to as
                                "Partners") in order to
                                provide access to the Media Service, to provide technical support to Users and make
                                decisions about
                                improving the service to Users.
The Administrator provides Media Service services in the countries of the whole
                                world
                                where such a service
                                is available, except for the territory of the countries of Ukraine and the Republic
                                of
                                Poland. Services for
                                providing access to the MEGOGO Media Service in other countries can be provided to
                                the
                                User by
                                companies whose online services operate under domain names containing the <megogo>
                                designation
                                without restrictions on the hierarchy levels of such websites, as well as software
                                applications).
In this case, the User will be automatically redirected to the relevant site and the
                                User does not need to
                                undergo additional registration in the specified online service, which saves the
                                Users
                                time and facilitates the
                                Users access to such online services.
Information about these companies will be communicated to the User before the User
                                starts using the
                                services of such an online service using the user interface.
For example, on the territory of Ukraine, the Administrator of the MEGOGO online
                                service
                                is the Megogo
                                Limited Liability Company (a legal entity registered and operating under the laws of
                                Ukraine, registration
                                number is 38347009), and on the territory of the Republic of Poland, the
                                Administrator
                                of the MEGOGO
                                online service is the company limited liability company MEGOGO.PL (legal entity
                                registered and operating
                                under the laws of the Republic of Poland, registration number 0000985316).
The Administrator, for its part, does not grant Partners the right to further
                                disclose
                                Users' personal data or use
                                data for any purpose other than in connection with the provision of services.
The Administrator and Partners act on the basis of agreements, and also take the
                                necessary measures to
                                ensure the protection and safety of Users' data.
9.4. Other third parties may also be engaged by the Administrator, for example, to
                                provide marketing and
                                advertising services or to carry out transactions by bank cards or other payment
                                methods
                                within the Media
                                Service. The list of such third parties shall be provided by the Administrator after
                                the
                                User's written request.
9.5. Specifically including but not limited to, the Administrator may use:
9.5.1. the services of a data center, which processes data exclusively in encrypted
                                form
                                and guarantees the
                                confidentiality of this data;
9.5.2. cloud platform services for SaaS solutions (SaaS means the software as a
                                service);
9.5.3. Content Delivery Network (CDN) services allow to speed up content downloading
                                significantly on the
                                User's device;
9.5.4. services of other information and consulting service providers;
9.5.5. services of companies for analysis and statistical research of the use of the
                                Media Service to improve
                                the quality of the rendered services and operation of the Media Service, as well as
                                targeting (personalization
                                of display) of advertising materials and content recommendation system and providing
                                the
                                User with
                                personalized and recommended services of the Media Service;
9.5.6. company services for communication with the User, including sending notices,
                                requests, and
                                information regarding the use of the Service and processing requests and
                                applications
                                from the User.
9.6. Please note that if you send messages to the Administrator on their official
                                pages
                                and accounts in such
                                services and applications as Facebook, Instagram, Telegram, Viber, or iMessages or
                                send
                                a letter to the
                                Administrator's email, you are using the services of these services and/or services
                                of
                                your email operator at
                                your own risk and agree that the providers of these services may have access to your
                                personal data and are
                                independent controllers of your data along with the Administrator. The Administrator
                                shall have no control
                                over the use of your personal data by the service providers listed in this article.
10. OTHER CASES OF DATA DISCLOSURE
10.1. Personal data may also be disclosed in such cases:
10.1.1. The disclosure of information as ordered by the competent court or
                                supervisory
                                authority in cases
                                provided by law.
10.1.2. With the User's consent to such disclosure.
10.1.3. In case of joint promotional activities with third parties. In this case, by
                                participating in such
                                promotional activities, the User provides their personal data to the Administrator
                                and
                                also to the
                                Administrator's partners in such activities. Please note that third parties involved
                                in
                                carrying out promotional
                                activities have their own policy of confidentiality and interaction with the Users'
                                personal data and shall be
                                responsible for its observance.
10.1.4. In the event of a reorganization, restructuring, merger, sale, or other
                                transfer
                                of assets, personal data
                                may become part of the information transferred. The receiving party, in the event of
                                such a transfer,
                                undertakes to ensure a level of protection of personal data no less than that
                                provided
                                for in this Privacy
                                Policy.
10.2. Our company also draws your attention that during the use of the Media
                                Service,
                                the User may disclose
                                information about them and/or regarding the use of the Media Service by using
                                "Share"
                                plugins for certain
                                social platforms (Facebook, Twitter), and terms of use of such buttons and plugins
                                shall
                                be directly subject to
                                the privacy policy of these social platforms.
10.3. The data specified by the User in the profile, such as name, photo, and any
                                social
                                action (for example,
                                commenting) within the Media Service will be freely available. That means that they
                                can
                                also be viewed by
                                other users within or outside the Media Service (e.g. users, visitors to the Media
                                Service, or users of third-
                                party search engines).
11. WHEN CAN THE ADMINISTRATOR CHANGE THE
                                TERMS OF THIS
                                POLICY?
11.1. The Administrator reserves the right to change this Policy. In case the
                                contents
                                of the Policy change, the
                                Administrator informs the User about the revised Policy. In case of changes that do
                                not
                                give the
                                Administrator's rights to use the previously collected information, the
                                Administrator
                                shall request the User's
                                consent regarding such use unless otherwise provided by the applicable legislation.
                                In
                                any case, the
                                Administrator shall notify the User of such changes.
11.2. The Administrator undertakes to notify about the changes in the Policy and
                                about
                                the effective date of
                                such changes in a proper and timely manner. The User may continue to use the Media
                                Service only after they
                                provide proper consent to such changes. The proper consent to such changes shall be
                                the
                                continued use of
                                the Media Service after receipt of the notification of changes. If the User refuses
                                to
                                accept any additions to
                                the Privacy Policy, the User shall accordingly refuse to use the Media Service as
                                well
                                as contact the
                                Administrator to have his/her account deleted.
12. HOW DOES THE ADMINISTRATOR
                                PROTECT
                                PERSONAL DATA?
12.1. The Administrator implements all necessary security measures necessary to
                                protect
                                the personal data of
                                the User, for example:
• our company provides access to the data to a limited number of people and only
                                when
                                necessary;
• our company uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) so that the use of the
                                Media Service over the Internet is secure;
• our company trains our staff to handle data securely. In particular, our company
                                requires our employees and contractors to use strong passwords and include
                                multi-factor
                                authentication;
• our company enters into non-disclosure and data processing agreements with our
                                employees and subcontractors;
• to protect against unauthorized access to data, our company applies a firewall,
                                password hashing of Users, and the like;
• our company also backs up our data regularly so that our company can restore it
                                when
                                needed.
12.2. However, the Administrator cannot guarantee 100% security of all information
                                that
                                is transmitted and/or
                                collected directly by the Administrator during the use of the Media Service, as no
                                method of transmission via
                                the Internet is completely safe. The Administrator cannot guarantee that the data
                                will
                                not be viewed,
                                disclosed, or destroyed as a result of breaking or overcoming any security measures
                                that
                                have been taken by
                                the Administrator.
13.
                                CONTACTING THE ADMINISTRATOR OR DATA PROTECTION
                                AUTHORITY
13.1. If you have any further questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you
                                can
                                always contact us by
                                sending an email to
data.privacy@megogo.net
.
13.2. You can also file a complaint or contact the data protection authority
                                according
                                to your right under
                                GDPR 13 (2d), 14 (2e).
Effective date February 9, 2023
SUMMARY
of the User Agreement for MEGOGO Media Services in Latvia
This agreement summary provides the main elements of the MEGOGO media service public
                                offer, as required by EU law(¹).
It helps to make a comparison between service offers.
Complete information about the service is provided in other documents.
Services and equipment
Name of service
Content access services and television distribution networks*
Volume of services**
BASIC SUBSCRIPTION:
TV and Movies
- over 100 channels and 4000 movies, cartoons and series +
                                        audiobooks.
ADDITIONAL SUBSCRIPTION:
Discovery+
- informative, entertaining shows from Discovery.
ONE-TIME ACCESS TO CONTENT:
Allows access to a selected piece of content for a fee for a specified period.
Devices (software) for the provision of services
The MEGOGO app is available on Smart TVs, Android TVs, game consoles, media
                                        players, Apple TV and Android TV set-top boxes, smartphones and tablets, and
                                        other Internet-connected devices.
Smart TVs:
Samsung: Samsung Tizen TV (2015 and newer); Samsung Orsay TV (2013-2014)
LG: LG WebOS (from 2014); LG NetCast (2012-2016)
Sony: Sony Android TV (from 2015); Sony Opera TV (from 2013); Sony Linux (from
                                        2013)
Philips: Philips Android TV (from 2015); Philips Linux (from 2013)
Panasonic: Panasonic Firefox OS (from 2015); Panasonic Viera (2012-2014)
Android TVs: Android version: 7.0 or higher
Game consoles: Sony PlayStation 4, 5; Xbox One, Xbox Series
Smartphones and tablets: iOS: 13.0 version and above; Android: 7.0 and above.
The full list of devices and their parameters is available on the Media Service
                                        pages and is subject to change by the Administrator.
*The MEGOGO media service (hereinafter referred to as the "media service") consists of the megogo.net website, and MEGOGO software applications for various devices: mobile, Smart TV, and others. Using the media service, users can access a variety of content, including audio, video, music, movies, TV channels, audiobooks, and other entertainment materials, as well as the ability to use other services of the media service in real time through both the website and MEGOGO software applications available on Internet-connected devices.
**The available volume of content purchased by the user, its list, and characteristics may be limited or changed, depending on the territory of the user's residence, devices used by the user to access the content, and in other cases provided by the agreement.
Speeds of the internet service and remedies
Internet connection indicators for correct operation of the software for service
                                        provision*
Minimum speed
Upload/download - 5 Mbps
Publicly available speed
Upload/download - ≥10 Mbps - for FULLHD quality;
≥20 Mbps - for 4K UHD quality
Maximum speed
Upload/download - 6000 Mbps
Remedies
•  If due to the fault of the Administrator it is impossible to
                                        access the paid content for more than 24 hours but less than 30 days from the
                                        date of payment, the Administrator extends access or refunds the payment upon
                                        written request of the user to the email address specified in the "All Contacts"
                                        section on the Website at the following link:
https://megogo.net/contacts
•  All claims under the agreement shall be settled through
                                        negotiations. In case of failure to reach an agreement, the dispute shall be
                                        resolved in court in accordance with the legislation applicable to the
                                        agreement.
•  If the user violates the terms of the agreement and/or the
                                        law, the Administrator is not responsible for any possible damage, including
                                        lost profits, damage to honor, dignity, or business reputation, arising in
                                        connection with the use of the media service, including access to content.
•  Since access to TV channels is provided by retransmission, the
                                        Administrator is not responsible for the quality of broadcasting, technical
                                        failures, interference when watching TV-channel and other factors that
                                        deteriorate the quality of broadcasting, as well as for the content of TV
                                        channels.
* These settings apply to accessing content on a single device; when two or more devices are connected, the settings may vary.
Price
BASIC SUBSCRIPTION*:
TV and Movies
1 month -
€ 7,99
3 months -
€ 23,97
12 months -
€ 95,88
ADDITIONAL SUBSCRIPTION:
Discovery+
1 month -
€ 1,99
ONE-TIME ACCESS TO CONTENT
The cost is available on the media service pages with the corresponding unit of
                                        content and/or on the user's profile page.
*Cost is indicated for the web version of the media service, as well as for Smart TV, and Android TV devices, and may differ for other user devices for the same access to content, as well as depending on the quality of content, user experience, and other conditions.
The Administrator reserves the right to provide users with loyalty programs, and promotional and incentive offers, the details of which are available in the interface of the media service and/or user account. Additional commissions may be charged to third parties who provide payments.
Duration, renewal and termination
•  The User Agreement is concluded for an indefinite period.
•  The user can terminate the agreement at any time by deleting his/her account in the media service. In this case, the cost of paid services will not be refunded.
•  The Administrator may, at their discretion, suspend, limit, or terminate the user's access to the media service and terminate the agreement unilaterally in case of violation by the user of the terms of the User Agreement, legislation, as well as in case of suspicion of bad faith actions that may harm the media service, the rights of the Administrator and the right holders of the content.
Features for end-users with disabilities
•  The Administrator is committed to ensuring that content is accessible to users with hearing and visual impairments.
•  Content may be posted on the Media Service with subtitles in Russian and/or other languages following the Administrator's rights to language versions of content from the right holders of such content.
•  The media service also offers content with sign language interpretation, which can be found in the relevant section at
https://megogo.net/en/surdocommenting
, as well as content with sign language and audio description, which can be found at
https://megogo.net/en/collection/smotri_kak_slishno_mobile_free
.
Other relevant information
•  The procedure for processing users' personal data is regulated by the Privacy Policy and can be found at
https://megogo.net/en/rules#agreement-privacy
.
•  Provision of TV program distribution networks service on the territory of the Republic of Latvia is performed by SIA "MEGOGO" based on the retransmission permit of the National Electronic Mass Media Council of Latvia (hereinafter referred to as the Council) No. RR-43, issued by the Council's decision No. 46 of 13.02.2014 for retransmission and distribution of programs in public electronic communication networks.
•  On the territory of the Republic of Latvia access to audiovisual programs, from the program catalog created, is provided by SIA MEGOGO based on Council Decision No. 144 of 24.07.2013 on the inclusion of services provided by SIA MEGOGO in the register of audiovisual on-demand services.
•  The User agrees to receive informational and promotional materials from the Administrator through the media service interface, email, phone number, and other means but has the right to opt out of such information via email settings, a special link in the email, by sending an email to the address specified in the "All Contacts" section on the Website at the following link:
https://megogo.net/contacts
, push notification settings, or by blocking messages in messenger apps.
•  All intellectual property rights for the use of the Media Service belong to the Administrator, and for the content posted on the Media Service belong to its legal owners. The media service and content as intellectual property objects are subject to legal protection under the applicable laws of the specific territory where the user has access to the media service and content viewing, and international legal norms. The Administrator reserves the right to remove any content from the Media Service at any time without notice to the user.
User Support:
In case of any questions, messages, suggestions, or complaints regarding the Media Service, the User may contact the Administrator by sending a letter to the address: Karditsis, 1, apt./office 102, Kaimakli, 1037, Nicosia, Cyprus, or via email and phone numbers specified in the "All Contacts" section on the Website at the following link:
https://megogo.net/contacts
(¹) Article 102(3) of Directive (EU) 2018/1972 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 December 2018 establishing the European Electronic Communications Code (
OJ L 321, 17.12.2018, p. 36
).
Effective date March 4, 2025