Privacy Policy
The Grizzly Labs fully respects your privacy. By using Genius Fax, you consent to this policy.
Summary
We don't collect any personal information unless we truly need it to operate the service.
Account Information
When you sign up for Genius Fax, you provide us with an email address and a password. This login is used to identify you and to keep track of the status of your faxes. If you purchase fax credits and subscriptions from us, your payment details will only be used to complete your transaction.
We may notify you by email of important events about our apps and services, such as the receipt of faxes, the expiration of a subscription and upcoming changes to our products.
Documents
We store the files of your faxes so you can access them at any time and from any device. We store the metadata of these faxes on our servers to display your fax history with the name of fax senders/recipients, the number and any note you added to your faxes. If you delete a document from your fax list, the associated PDF file(s) and references will be permanently erased.
Usage Data
We keep a log of your sessions, device types, actions and error messages in order to maintain the service. These are archived for up to one year. We may access this data to debug issues that you report to our support team. If you encounter a problem with our apps, you may also email your logs to our team so we can resolve the situation.
We use analytics tools to analyze usage in aggregate and determine which features to improve, refactor or remove.
Access & Security
Your fax documents are stored encrypted at rest, and all communications between our applications, our servers and their data centers are encrypted.
We don’t share your data with anyone except when necessary to operate Genius Fax, comply with the law, preventi fraud and protect our rights.
Data Processor
The Grizzly Labs SAS — 39 rue de Châteaudun, 75009 Paris, France — determines the data processing and how your data is processed and used through the use of Genius Fax.
Data Processing
Name
Legal Basis
Purpose
Transmit Faxes
Contract
Upload faxes for transmission and back-up
Manage User Accounts
Contract
When you create an account, we keep some information (email address, device info, IP address) to help you manage your account and ensure security.
Process Purchases
Contract
To manage your purchases, we collect minimal information such as a unique user identifier. If you purchase through the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, please refer to their respective terms and privacy policies for details on how your billing information is handled. The Grizzly Labs doesn't have access to your billing information but only receives your purchase status from the payment providers. If you purchase on our website, billing details and payment methods are handled by Stripe. The Grizzly Labs does not store billing information but has access to it through Stripe for managing purchases and payments.
Customer Support
Consent
If you encounter a technical issue, you may contact us. We will receive your name and email, as well as diagnostics containing detailed logs of the app's activity. This may include document names and user identifiers. Your conversations are kept indefinitely.
Analytics
Legitimate Interest
We collect some usage data, such as which features are used and how often. We use this data in aggregate to determine what to improve, refactor or remove from the application. We collect a unique user identifier to identify repeated sessions for a given user. We do not cross-reference this identifier with any identifying information. Analytics data is kept for 2 years.
Crash Analytics
Legitimate Interest
We also collect crash data to improve the app's quality. Crash data may include some detailed logs of the user's activity. Crash data is kept for one year.
Your Rights
You can access, edit, export and delete your faxes in the Genius Fax applications and by logging into your account at
geniusfax.com.
You can also have your account (and faxes) deleted permanently by closing your account in the Settings page of the Web application.
Subprocessors
We use the services of other companies to help us operate Genius Fax. These companies may access your data but only on our behalf and in compliance with this privacy policy and our legal obligations.
Name
Purpose
Amazon AWS
Cloud Infrastructure Hosting
Amplitude
Analytics
HelpScout
Customer Help Desk
Heroku
Cloud Application Platform
Phaxio
Fax Transmission
Telnyx
Fax Transmission
Rollbar
Error Tracking
Sentry
Crash Monitoring
SolarWinds
Log Management
Stripe
Payment Processing
Data Retention
Unless this privacy policy specifies otherwise, our data retention policy is to keep the data for one year.
Storage Location
Your data is stored only in the EU or in countries that ensure a level of protection deemed adequate by European regulators (for example, countries under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks).
Restrictions
Our services and applications are not directed at children. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with personal data without your consent, please contact us as described below, and we will delete such data from our systems.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about your rights and this privacy policy, please email us at
support@geniusfax.com.
You can also contact us via our website at
thegrizzlylabs.com.
If you believe your data protection rights have been violated, you can file a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority.
Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the updates on this page.
Feb 18, 2025 - Clarified some points about data processing, updated the sub-processors list.
June 1, 2018 - Update to reflect GDPR compliance
September 11, 2017 – Update to reflect that sent faxes are kept until deletion.
2012 – Original version.