ChristmasMusicTree Privacy Policy
At ChristmasMusicTree, the privacy and protection of your data is our top priority.
We are committed to providing you the best possible service and experience, and we only collect a minimal amount of data to improve your experience. ChristmasMusicTree is made in San Diego, California, and we abide by US data privacy laws.
The  purpose of this policy statement is to fully share with you:
* A complete description of the information  we collect
* How we use the information
* With whom we share the information
* How you can change the information
This  policy addresses our practices with respect to our website and mobile apps. It does not  address the practices of any website we link to. This policy is incorporated into, and subject to the terms of, our User Agreement.
If you  have any questions regarding this privacy statement, please email support@christmasmusictree.com.
Information we collect
* Your device ID
* Your device model
* Your IP
Information submitted to us
If you  send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users  or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on  the site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
How We Use Information
We do not share your data with anybody.
We use  information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the site, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
ChristmasMusicTree may offer features on our site where we will by necessity, need to provide some  of your information to the third party offering such services. To the extent  that that third party requires your information to enable you to use their  service, we will notify you of the specific information that will be provided  to such third parties. Before you use the service you should evaluate whether  you will accept the terms and conditions of the third party service, and give ChristmasMusicTree the right to pass your information on to that third party.
In  addition, we must comply with court orders, information requests from government agencies and regulators and other legal and regulatory processes  that may require the disclosure of your personally-identifiable information.
Reviewing/Changing Your Information
If at any  time you would like to change any information in your account, contact us at support@christmasmusictree.com
Limits on Our Abilities
Although  your privacy is very important to us, due to the existing legal and technical  environment, we cannot ensure that your personally identifiable information  will not be disclosed to third parties in ways not described in this policy.  Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about  you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials as we,  in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to address or resolve inquiries  or problems.
Data Security
We use industry standard security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access, such as data encryption for any data transfer between your device and our servers and firewalls. Our security procedures limit any physical access to your data to only people who need to fulfill their job requirements.
Questions?
We're  always happy to answer your questions and listen to your comments, contact us at support@christmasmusictree.com