Privacy Notice
Lancet Laboratories is committed to ensuring the privacy and integrity of information submitted by users of our website. All information of a personal nature submitted or provided by users will be treated confidentially and will not be disclosed to any person without express consent of the user concerned but always subject to the following:
1. Disclosure of any information provided or submitted by a user will only be allowed to be made where:
Such information is in the public domain; or
Lancet Laboratories is obliged in terms of any law, order of court, legal process or other lawful reason to disclose such information.
2. Personal information may be disclosed to Lancet Laboratories’ vendors, suppliers and marketing agents where this information is necessary for them to evaluate and enhance the product and services offered on this website.
3. Lancet Laboratories may disclose certain personal information of users such as names and e-mail addresses to affiliated service providers for purposes of distributing promotional materials, surveys and questionnaires or other information or material for which a user has specifically indicated its willingness to receive.
4. Lancet Laboratories may provide general information to third parties which do not contain particular personal information of users such as their names and addresses, and which is intended to be used solely for compiling statistical or demographic information or otherwise.
5. Lancet Laboratories does not and cannot control the confidentiality, access to or dissemination of information which is retrieved through the use of “cookies” or information retrieved through the collecting and storing of IP addresses of visitors to this website. A “cookie” is a computer file, which is transferred automatically from our website to a user’s computer during an online session which enable Lancet Laboratories and its sponsors and advertisers to customize webpage content and to gather general information on the use and frequency of the user traffic. An IP address is an address assigned to your computer or server identifying it when conducting Internet activity.Notice
Privacy Notice (PDF)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.lancet.co.za/lancet-laboratories-privacy-notice/:
29
Jul
Publications
Moiketsi Makhetha
0 Comments
Loading...
Search for:
Latest Post
Somatic mutation profiles in non-tobacco smoking and non-alcohol drinking South African female esophageal squamous cell carcinoma patients of African ancestry
February 27, 2025
Respiratory Pathogen Statistics January 2025
February 17, 2025
Infectious Gastroenteritis Statistics 2024
February 14, 2025
Categories
Articles
Corporate Responsibility
Customer Support
Newsletters
Patient Information
Press Releases
Publications
Research
Uncategorised