App Privacy
App Privacy Policy:
1. General: This application (the “App“) and any information obtained through the App or from other sources is stored on servers operated and maintained by or on behalf of Red Flag Media and its group companies (“RFM“, “we” or “us“) and/or on servers operated and maintained by the applicable application store (including, but not limited to, iTunes App Store, Android Market and BlackBerry App World) (the “App Store”).
RFM is committed to protecting your privacy and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of information you provide to us, either directly or via the App Store, very seriously. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a consumer of this App, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you download the App, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, the choices you have regarding our use of that information and how you can correct that information. If you have any concerns, questions or comments about this privacy policy or the App you can contact us by following the instructions set out in paragraph 11 of this privacy policy.
2. RFM’s Use of Information: If you purchase a subscription to the App via the App Store, you will provide the App Store with information about yourself and you will be able to select whether RFM can use your information for marketing purposes. We will only use your information in accordance with your instructions and as set out in this privacy policy.
If you ask us to provide goods or services to you, we will use your information to provide those goods or services to you and to monitor our provision of those goods or services. We may also share your information with associated companies for marketing purposes. We or associated companies may contact you by mail, telephone, fax, email or by other electronic means with offers of goods and services or information that may be of interest to you. By providing us with your fax number, telephone numbers or email address you consent to being contacted by these methods for these purposes. If you do not want to receive marketing information from us or associated companies you can specify this as part of the registration process. Don’t worry – we won’t bombard you with lots of irrelevant information. You can stop receiving this information at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions on the correspondence you receive, by amending your marketing preferences, or by emailing james@decibelmagazine.com, giving your email address and details of the information you no longer wish to receive.
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to us processing your information as set out in this privacy policy, to our processing your sensitive personal data, such as health data and you also consent to our transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the US, if necessary for these purposes. If we do make such a transfer, we will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure that your information is protected.
If you wish to take part in any poll or survey run in the App, we will also use your information for the purposes specified in the poll or survey. We may also disclose non-personal, aggregated information we collect through the poll or survey to third parties.
If you wish to take part in any promotion or competition run in the App, we will also use your information for the purposes specified in the promotion or competition, to make sure you are eligible to enter the promotion or competition, to contact you if you have won a prize and for publicity purposes.
3. Disclosure to third parties: We will only pass your information on to associated third parties for the purpose of enabling them to send you information which may be of interest to you if you have indicated you are happy for us to do so in your marketing preferences.
If any third party is organising and/or managing any promotion, competition, survey or poll run in the App on our behalf, we may disclose your information to that third party to enable them to do so but they will be prohibited from using your information for any other purpose, unless you have given them specific consent.
4. Maintenance and storage of information: Your information is collected and stored on servers which are owned and maintained by or on behalf of RFM and its group companies. We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
5. Our email newsletters: If you subscribe to receive one or more of our email newsletters you will need to register an account with us. We will provide those newsletter(s) to you free of charge, unless otherwise stated.
Our newsletters may contain promotions or advertisements relating to goods or services provided by us or our group companies and associated third parties from time to time. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from an email newsletter you may do so by following the unsubscribe instructions on the newsletter or by emailing
contact@decibelmagazine.com
, giving them your email address and details of the newsletter you no longer wish to receive.
6. Third party sites: The App may contain links to a wide variety of third party websites. We may, on occasion, disclose non-personal aggregated information to the owners or providers of those third party websites. We may display advertisements from third parties in our App. We may monetize some of the links on the App through the use of third party affiliate programs. Notwithstanding such affiliate programs, we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third party advertisers, nor for the way in which information about their users is treated. In particular, unless expressly stated, we are not agents for those sites or advertisers nor are we authorized to make representations on their behalf.
7. Cookies, Web beacons and similar technologies:
(a)    What are they?
A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to the hard drive of your device by a server so that some information about your browsing activity can be collected.  Other technology can also be used to collect that information without sending information to the hard drive – in this privacy policy we use the term ‘Cookie’ to mean any technology that is collecting information from your device.  The Cookie may collect information relating to your use of our apps, websites and/or information about your device such as the device ID, IP address.  The information will be collected both when you are connected to the web and when you are not.  In order to minimize any cost to users in transferring information, information is batched and only sent on the start-up of the App.
If you are a subscriber and have elected to share your information with us, it may also collect your name and email address, which may be transferred to data processors for subscriber verification purposes or less frequently a third party ad server to measure a user’s activity, such as interaction with an advert or purchase of a product.
(b)     How does Red Flag Media use them?
We, together with our trusted partners, use Cookies to measure users’ behaviour to better develop our apps.  By using analytics services provided by Google Analytics and Flurry we can analyse which pages are viewed and how long for and which links are followed, we can provide more content which is of interest.  We may also use this analysis to report on our performance and to sell advertising.  If you are a subscriber, we will also monitor which apps you’ve accessed.
We also include web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or web bugs) in our emails to track the success of our marketing campaigns.
The information generated by the Cookie about your use of our App and any of our websites (including your device ID and IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States and/or United Kingdom.  They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.  By using this App, you consent to the processing of data about you by those service providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
(c)    How do you control how cookies/web beacons are used?
You can change the preferences/settings in the App to disable Cookies by going to the settings menu for  the App on your device and selecting ‘off’ where it says ‘share statistics’.
(d)    How to find out more information:
For more information about Cookies please visit
www.aboutcookies.org
8. Security: In accordance with our requirements under the Data Protection Act 1998, we will adopt appropriate security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information. Neither RFM nor any of its group companies shall be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this App including any of your information.
9. Usage of information: We may use your information as set out in this privacy policy and in any other manner you expressly consent to us doing so, we may also use your information for any purpose if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority, to enforce the terms of use or to enforce our rights, or to protect the safety of others. In particular, we may collect and use personal information for the purposes of investigating and, if necessary, removing any content about which we receive a complaint.
10. Policy changes: By using the App you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of use. We may amend this privacy policy and the terms of use from time to time. If we do so, we will post an updated version on this page. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this policy so that you are aware of any changes to them and you will be bound by the new policy upon your continued use of the App.
11. Contact details: You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. If you have any general questions about the App, you can contact us the RFM New Media Team at Red Flag Media, 1032 Arch Street, Third Floor, Philadelphia PA 19107, USA, telephone 215-625-9850, email
contact@decibelmagazine.com
. If you have any questions about your information including what we hold and how it is used, you can contact us at
contact@decibelmagazine.com
.