Terms of Use
Copyright
I. Copyright
All use of materials provided on this web site must follow the Terms and Conditions of Use herein, including reproduction or transmission, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or the use of any information storage and retrieval system. Any exception to this requires permission in writing from the UNFCCC secretariat.
The UNFCCC Website is the property of the secretariat of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The UNFCCC logo may be downloaded to view the website and print out information. However, any other use, copying or reproduction in any way requires the prior written authorization of the UNFCCC secretariat. Requests for permission should be sent to the Communications and Engagement Division,
webmaster@unfccc.int.
Photos provided on the
UNFCCC flickr
(link is external)
account may be downloaded and used free of charge on condition that due credit is given and the usage is solely non-commercial (please see, Creative Commons license CC BY-NC-SA 2.0).
The UNFCCC website provides various services and projects to improve User experience. These are subject to change in accordance with these Terms of Use.
All official texts, data and documents, including low resolution webcast transmissions, are in the public domain and may be freely downloaded, copied and printed provided no change to the content is introduced, and the source is duly acknowledged.
Copyright exists for all high-resolution broadcast quality footage and archival audio and video materials of UNFCCC conferences.
In order to find out more about the licensing conditions, find
more information here
.
II. Licensing
The UNFCCC secretariat licenses high-resolution, high quality and archival audio and video recordings (“Audiovisual Materials”) of the plenary sessions of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention, the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol and the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Paris Agreement, as well as the plenary sessions of their subsidiary bodies.
All UNFCCC audiovisual materials are not in the public domain: they are the property of the UNFCCC secretariat and their copyright is owned by the UNFCCC secretariat.
For more information on licensing requirements and how to submit a request, please contact the Communications and Engagement Division,
webmaster@unfccc.int
. More information on the
UNFCCC secretariat privacy policy may be found here
.
Website usage
A. General
1.Use of this website constitutes agreement with the Terms of Use contained herein.
2.The UNFCCC secretariat (“UNFCCC”) maintains this website (the "Site") as a courtesy to those who may choose to access the Site ("Users"). The information presented herein is for informative purposes only. The UNFCCC grants permission to Users to visit the Site and to download and copy the information, documents and materials (collectively, "Content") from the Site for the User's personal, non-commercial use, without any right to resell or redistribute them or to compile or create derivative works therefrom, subject to the terms and conditions outlined herein, and also subject to more specific restrictions that may apply to specific Content within this Site.
3.The UNFCCC administers this Site. All Content on this Site from the UNFCCC and all Users, whether registered or otherwise, are subject to the present Terms of Use.
4. Unless expressly stated otherwise, the findings, interpretations and conclusions expressed in the Content on this Site are those of the various United Nations staff members, consultants and advisers to the UNFCCC who prepared the work and do not necessarily represent the views of the UNFCCC, the United Nations or its affiliates or its Member States.
5. The UNFCCC reserves its exclusive right in its sole discretion to alter, limit or discontinue the Site or any Content in any respect. The UNFCCC shall have no obligation to take the needs of any User into consideration in connection therewith.
6. The UNFCCC reserves the right to deny in its sole discretion any User access to this Site or any portion thereof without notice.
7. No waiver by the UNFCCC of any provision of these Terms of Use shall be binding except as set forth in writing and signed by its duly authorized representative.
B. Disclaimer
8. As a condition of use of this Site, the User agrees to indemnify the UNFCCC and its affiliates from and against any and all actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of the User's use of this Site, including, without limitation, any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by the User of these Terms of Use. If the User is dissatisfied with any Content on this Site or with any of its Terms of Use, the User's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
9. Content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Content provided on this Site are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The UNFCCC specifically does not make any warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any such Materials. The UNFCCC periodically adds, changes, improves or updates the Materials on this Site without notice. Under no circumstances shall the UNFCCC or its affiliates be liable for any loss, damage, liability or expense incurred or suffered that is claimed to have resulted from the use of this Site, including, without limitation, any fault, error, omission, interruption or delay with respect thereto. The use of this Site is at the User's sole risk. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall the UNFCCC or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, even if the UNFCCC has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
10. The User specifically acknowledges and agrees that the UNFCCC is not liable for any conduct of any User.
11. This site may contain advice, opinions and statements of various information providers. The UNFCCC does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other information provided by any information provider, any User of this Site or any other person or entity. Reliance upon any such advice, opinion, statement, or other information shall also be at the User's own risk. Neither the UNFCCC, the United Nations nor its affiliates, nor any of their respective agents, employees, information providers or content providers, shall be liable to any User or anyone else for any inaccuracy, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, alteration of or use of any content herein, or for its timeliness or completeness, nor shall they be liable for any failure of performance, computer virus or communication line failure, regardless of cause, or for any damages resulting therefrom.
12. This Site may contain links and references to third-party web sites. The linked sites are not under the control of the UNFCCC, and the UNFCCC is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. The UNFCCC provides these links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link or reference does not imply the endorsement of the linked site by the UNFCCC. If this Site contains bulletin boards, chat rooms, access to mailing lists or other message or communication facilities (collectively, "Forums"), the User agrees to use the Forums only to send and receive messages and materials that are proper and related to the particular Forum. By way of example and not as a limitation, the User agrees that when using a Forum, he or she shall not do any of the following:
(a) Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
(b) Publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
(c) Upload or attach files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy and publicity) unless the User owns or controls the rights thereto or has received all consents therefor as may be required by law;
(d) Upload or attach files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer;
(e) Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels in any file that is uploaded;
(f) Falsify the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
(g) Advertise or offer to sell any goods or services, or conduct or forward surveys, contests or chain letters, or download any file posted by another user of a Forum that the User knows, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
13. The User acknowledges that all Forums and discussion groups are public and not private communications. Further, the User acknowledges that chats, postings, conferences, emails and other communications by other Users are not endorsed by the United Nations, and that such communications shall not be considered to have been reviewed, screened or approved by the United Nations. The United Nations reserves the right to remove, for any reason and without notice, any content of the Forums received from Users, including, without limitation, email and bulletin board postings.
14.
Pop-up advertisements
: when visiting the UNFCCC website, your web browser may produce pop-up advertisements. These advertisements were most likely produced by other websites you visited or by third party software installed on your computer. The UNFCCC is not responsible for, nor approves, authorizes or endorses the content of the source, link or any pop-up messages that you have received in connection with that source or link, nor does the UNFCCC endorse or recommend products or services for which you may view a pop-up advertisement on your computer screen while visiting our site.
15.
Push notifications
: if you are using the UNFCCC website, you may receive push notifications. These include notifications as to general meeting information, and notifications as to UNFCCC news alerts. You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications”, and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work).
C.
Country and area nomenclature
The designations employed and the presentation of Content in this Internet publication do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the UNFCCC or its affiliates concerning the legal status of any country, territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. The term "country" as used in this Content also refers, as appropriate, to territories or areas. The designations "developed" and "developing" regions are intended for statistical and analytical convenience and do not necessarily express a judgement about the stage reached by a particular country or area in the development process.
D. Preservation of immunities
Nothing herein shall constitute or be considered to be a limitation upon or a waiver of the privileges and immunities of the UNFCCC secretariat or the United Nations, which are specifically reserved.
Privacy Policy
I. Overview
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change secretariat (UNFCCC). This privacy statement describes the UNFCCC’s policy concerning the gathering and sharing of visitors’ information through UNFCCC websites. It applies to all sites with the UNFCCC.int domain name which do not require logging in. This policy also applies to UNFCCC.int where login is required. By visiting these UNFCCC websites, you are accepting the practices described in this policy.
II. Anonymous website usage
By accessing this site, certain information about the User, such as Internet protocol (IP) addresses, navigation through the Site, the software used and the time spent, along with other similar information, will be stored on UNFCCC servers. These will not specifically identify the User. The information will be used internally only for web site traffic analysis.
We also process this data to keep the Site secure and problem-free. Our web hosting provider keeps logs of connections to this site so that we can detect and prevent malicious activity. The logs contain your IP address (which can reveal your geographical location), the date and time of your connection, the pages you’ve visited in what order and for how long, and the browser you’re using (which can reveal the device you’re using as well). We make no use of this data on an individual level unless the traffic looks like an attack, in which case we will block the connection. However, if you have registered with UNFCCC in connection with any activity on the UNFCCC website, the information we collect about your normal website usage will be identifiable to you.
III. Collection and retention of personally identifiable information
If you register for a newsletter, log on to certain UNFCCC websites, request information, provide feedback, apply for a job, join a discussion group or join an electronic mailing list, you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name, postal address and e-mail address.  This information is collected only with your knowledge and permission, and is kept in various UNFCCC databases.
Registration as a participant will require creation of an account with identifying information. Participation in the sessions of the UNFCCC is reserved to Parties or observer organizations. This information will be retained for use in future sessions. Individuals registering as press/media may correct, update or delete information by contacting: press@unfccc.int.
If you are applying to a job, you will be asked to provide information about your past employment and academic background, among others. Please note that UNFCCC does not charge a fee at any stage of its recruitment process (application, interview, processing, training, visa or other fee). This information is retained for an indefinite period of time. This information can be corrected, updated or deleted, either through modification of data within the account, or by contacting
vacancies@unfccc.int
.
UNFCCC sites with specific requirements to collect personal information may publish a privacy policy specific for that site.  In these cases, the site-specific policies will be complementary to this general UNFCCC privacy policy, but will give additional details for that particular use.
Joining electronic discussion groups may mean that other participants of the discussion group (including non-UNFCCC employees) will see personal information that you have volunteered.  For open discussion groups, this information will be public.
IV. Disclosure of Information to Others
UNFCCC does not disclose to third parties User’s personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about her/his use of the website (such as areas User visits or services User accesses), except that:
(a) In case the User applies for a UNFCCC recruitment opportunity, the relevant secretariat programmes will be able to access part of the User’s personal profile such as name, email address as well as any additional personal and demographic information the User may submit with his/her application.
(b) In case the User has an account or has been delegated opportunity management rights by the Site Administrator, Registered Users responding to an opportunity posted by the UNFCCC Partner will be able to access part of the User’s personal profile such as name and email address.
(c) UNFCCC may disclose such information to companies and individuals UNFCCC employs to perform functions on its behalf. Examples may include hosting the web servers, and analyzing data. These companies and individuals will have access to the User’s personal information solely as necessary to perform their functions.
(d) UNFCCC may disclose such information, subject to UNFCCC privileges and immunities, if requested to do so by UNFCCC’s internal governing and oversight bodies, including Member States, or if necessary in UNFCCC’s sole discretion to protect UNFCCC property or rights, prevent a crime or protect the safety of Users or the public.
V. UNFCCC use of collected information
Use of cookies
A cookie is a text file that is placed on the User’s hard drive by a web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to the User’s computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to the User’s computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to the User. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the site.
By setting a cookie, this will save the User time. For example, UNFCCC will remember you the next time you visit the site and therefore UNFCCC will not have to ask questions that you have already answered (like User name, address information and preferences).
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the site and may be required to re-enter information more frequently to use certain services on the site.
Personally identifiable information
UNFCCC may use the personal information you provide to:
Contact you – either in response to a query or suggestion, or to mail newsletters, documents, publications, etc. to you, and we also may provide the information to the UNFCCC programmes so they can contact you as well;
Manage and process your job application;
Confirm your registrations on the site;
Retain your online profile and preferences for future visits to the site;
Help you quickly find information that is relevant to you based on your interests, and help us create site contents most relevant to you;
Undertake statistical analysis.
VI. What if I don’t want to provide personal information?
Providing personal information on the UNFCCC website is optional.  If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still browse and use the UNFCCC site, but you will not be able to carry out certain actions such as registering as a participant, registering for a newsletter, or applying for a job.
VII. Opting out and updating your information
At any time, you can correct, update, cancel or modify your information by returning to the web page where you first provided the information and contacting the focal point for that page/relevant UNFCCC programme or, in certain instances such as registration, logging into your account and changing the information there.
You may elect to receive communications such as newsletters and other material from UNFCCC. If you do, you will have the opportunity to stop receiving such communications at any time by logging into your account on the UNFCCC site and editing your contact preferences or by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the emails.
VIII. Security
We do not sell or share any personally identifiable information volunteered on the UNFCCC site to any third party without prior consent.  We do, however, share some user information with our programmes and affiliates so that the whole UNFCCC family can respond to your needs.
UNFCCC employs a range of techniques and security measures based on best practices to protect the information maintained on our system from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, UNFCCC assumes no responsibility for the security of information.
IX. Links to other sites – Disclaimer
The site contains hypertext links to other sites external to the UNFCCC domain. UNFCCC assumes no responsibility for those sites including the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
X. Notification of changes
If UNFCCC decides to change its privacy policy, UNFCCC will post those changes to this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
XI. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about the UNFCCC Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following:
webmaster@unfccc.int.
These are the Copyright and Terms of Use under which you may use the UNFCCC Website. Please read this carefully. If you do not accept the Copyright and Terms of Use stated herein, do not use this website. By using this website you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by these Copyright and Terms of Use.