We use cookies and similar technologies to run this website and help us understand how you use it.
Accept all
Games
Contact
Privacy
Terms of Service
Signup
Menu
Privacy Policy
Privacy is something we take very seriously here at GameResort LLC ("GameResort"), and it is our goal to be open and transparent with what information we collect, and how we use it. This website, products, mobile applications, console or PC applications, and any services (collectively "Services") linked by this Privacy Policy ("Policy") are controlled by GameResort and its affiliates ("we", "our", or "we").
This Policy will explain what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it. Additionally, this Policy explains the choices we offer, including how to access and update your information.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at: legal@gameresort.com
By using the Services, you are consenting to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the Services.
Information we collect
We may collect information about the Services you use and how you use them, such as the selections you make on our Services. We collect PII, DII, and log information about your interactions as described below.
Personally identifiable information (PII) is information that can be used to identify or contact you online or offline, such as your name, username, address, email, phone number, photos or audio data, and payment information. The Services may collect PII when it is provided to us, such as when you use our Services, attempt to contact us, submit a resume or job application, or connect with us on social media or one of our partners. For example, you may see a “Log in with...” button, which means we request PII from a partner to streamline the login the process. You will likely be presented with a “request for permission” screen by a third party asking to share your ID, profile picture, and other listed information with us.
We may also create or collect device-identifiable information (DII), such as cookies, unique device and advertising identifiers, usernames, and similar identifiers that are linkable to a browser or device. From these platforms, we may also receive other information, such as your IP address, user agent, timestamps, precise and imprecise geolocation, sensor data, apps, fonts, battery life information, and screen size.
Our Services also collect information about your interactions, including navigation paths, search queries, crashes, timestamps, purchases, clicks and shares, and referral URLs. We may combine this data with PII and DII. For efficiency’s sake, information about your interactions may be transmitted to our servers while you are not using the Services. We may also partner with third-parties that collect additional information – please see their privacy policies for more details and see below for your choices regarding these parties.
Categories of PII We Collect Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA):
We have collected the following information from consumers within the past 12 months:
Category Number
Category
Examples
1
Identifiers
Name, alias, address, IP address, online identifier, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, or similar
2
Personal Information as defined by California Civil Code
§1798.80(e)
Any information that can be associated with a particular individual
3
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products, or services purchased, or other purchasing histories or consuming tendencies
4
Internet or electronic network activity information
Browsing history, social media data, search history, and information regarding interaction with the website
5
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements
6
Inferences drawn from any information described herein to create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflects consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from our Services to provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, to develop new Services and offerings, and to protect us and our users.
PII is primarily used for business purposes, such as for sending you occasional newsletters and updates, hiring, responding to inquiries, logins, and providing Services. When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication as well as the other information to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our Services, such as letting you know about changes or improvements. Please keep in mind that comments sections, forums, and other similar areas of our Services are public. Any information posted in those areas is viewable and usable by anyone that has access. We also use your PII for the following business purposes:
A. To meet the reason for which the PII was provided.
B. To provide you with information or services you request from us.
C. To improve our website and performance of the contents therein.
D. To resolve disputes.
E. Preventing potentially fraudulent, prohibited, or illegal activities.
F. Enforcing the Terms of Service.
G. Performing other duties as required by law.
We share PII with companies, outside organizations, and individuals for limited reasons, outlined below:
A. For external processing - We provide PII to our affiliates or other trusted businesses
B. With your consent - We will share PII with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have your consent to do so. or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
C. For legal reasons - We will share PII with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
D. In case of a sale or asset transfer - If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including PII collected from you through your use of our Services, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Services.
E. In aggregated form for business purposes - We may share aggregated information and DII with our partners such as businesses we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
We disclose your PII for business purposes to the following categories of third-parties:
A. Our affiliates
B. Services providers
C. Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize use to disclose your PII in connection with the services we provide.
We use DII to operate our Services and manage user sessions, including analyzing usage of our Services, preventing malicious behavioral and fraud, improving the content, to link your identity across devices and browsers in order to provide you with a more seamless experience online, and helping third parties provide relevant advertising and related metrics. We share DII with third parties primarily for advertising and analytics purposes, for external processing, and for security purposes.
Sharing Under the CCPA:
In the past 12 months, we have shared the following categories of information:
A. Category 1: Identifiers
B. Category 2: Personal Information Internet or electronic network activity information
C. Category3: Commercial Information
D. Category4: Network Information
E. Category 5: Geolocation
F. Category 6: Inferences
Sale of Personal Information Under the CCPA:
In the past 12 months, we have sold the following categories of information:
A. Category 1: Identifiers
B. Category 2: Personal Information Internet or electronic network activity information
C. Category3: Commercial Information
D. Category 4: Network Information
E. Category 5: Inferences
We do not knowingly sell the PII of minors under the age of 16 without authorization.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information
As a consumer, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your PII. You may do so my clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link within the Services. You may also request to Opt-Out by contacting us at legal@gameresort.com.
Third Parties
While we strive to work with reputable companies with good privacy practices, this Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on the Services. We also do not control the privacy policies and your privacy settings on third-party sites, including social networks. We may use third parties to help offer you more tailored ads and better Services, such as obtaining analytics about the users of our site and to help tailor advertising to your preferences. For further information, please see the relevant privacy policies for each third-party and industry codes of conduct.
Legal Bases for Processing
The data we process may qualify for multiple legal bases for processing under Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (and similar laws that specify legal bases for processing). Below are the primary legal bases for each type of data:
We obtain consent for the processing of data necessary for chatrooms, usernames and login info, and any optional profile information. Where users log in with social media accounts, those companies have obtained consent on our behalf to use that data as described above. Consent is also obtained to add and engage with friends.
We have a legitimate interest in conducting analytics, measurement of usage and conversions, and game telemetrics to improve our services. We and our processors have multiple measures in place to protect your privacy.
We have a legitimate interest in enabling third party ads and data collection on our sites and apps to help provide a more customized ad experience for our users and site visitors, including monetizing apps downloaded through non-traditional channels. Our reputable partners provide opt outs and other measures to protect your privacy.
We have a legitimate interest in sending periodic email and direct marketing to inform registered users of updates and offers. We make clear disclosures when users sign up and we offer opt outs for anyone not interested.
It is contractually necessary to process your IP address, device IDs, cookies, and similar information to fulfill our obligations in the terms of service to provide you with high quality games.
Choice
If you wish to cancel your account, you can do so by accessing our platform or contacting us for assistance with the process. Our email is included at the end of this privacy policy.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with us, you have the right to request removal of unwanted information that you post onto our Services (e.g., comments or a forum) by contacting us at the email at the end of this privacy policy, stating you reside in California. This does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the posted content.
Like many other companies, we do not honor DNT flags but instead offer other choices with respect to third parties. Many third parties participate in self-regulation to offer you a choice regarding
receiving targeted ads. Please note that you’ll still see generic ads after opting out, but they won’t be based on your activities online. On the web, you can opt out of participating companies by visiting the following sites:
• http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ • http://optout.aboutads.info/• http://youronlinechoices.eu/
If you wish to similarly opt out of cross-app advertising on mobile devices, you can enable the Limit Ad Tracking flag on the device. Enabling Limit Ad Tracking sends a flag to third parties that you wish to opt out of targeted advertising on that device, and major mobile platforms require companies to honor this flag. Screenshots on how to find these options on various devices are available here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices. To learn how to opt out on other devices such as video game consoles, please visit the platform’s privacy policies for more information.
Users subject to the GDPR also have the right to access their data, rectify mistakes, erase their data, restrict certain processing (i.e., opt out), move their data, withdraw consent, and lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Accessing and Updating Your Information
If you wish to access, update, or delete your PII, please reach out to us at legal@gameresort.com. We may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require that you create an account with us.
You must provide us with sufficient information to verify your identity, however we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity.
In some cases, we may have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes and therefore will deny your request to delete the information.
Under the CCPA, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about the collection and use of your PII over the previous 12 months. We may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request, however upon such verification, we will disclose to you:
A. The categories of PII collected about you.
B. The categories of sources for the PII we collect about you.
C. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that PII.
D. The categories of third parties to whom we share that PersonalInformation.
E. The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
F. If we sold or disclosed your PII for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
i. Sales identifying the categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
ii. Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Non Discrimination under the CCPA
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. To that end, and unless permitted by law, we will not:
A. Deny you goods or services;
B. Charge you different prices for goods or services;
C. Impose penalties; or
D. Provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level of quality of goods or services.
Information security
We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold and undertake reasonable security measures with appropriate confidentiality, integrity, and availability protections. However, since no software or storage system is 100% secure, we cannot guarantee for the security of your information associated with the Services, or any other service for that matter. You can help protect your account information by using unique and hard-to-guess passwords. The data we have from your use of our Services is retained for up to 5 years since the last time you logged in unless we are required to hold on to it for legal reasons.
Children Under 13
Our Services are not directed toward children under 13 and we will not knowingly collect information for any child under the legal age to provide consent to data processing (13 in the US and up to 16 in the EU). If you are the parent of a child under the age required to provide consent and have a concern regarding your child’s information on our Services, please contact us at legal@gameresort.com.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain Services, email notification of privacy policy changes).
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 2nd , 2022.