Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
Definition and Forms
OCEARCH, PO Box 681058, UT 84068 Park City, Utah, United States, email:
tracker@ocearch.org
(
we
) operates and administrates OCEARCH, an online platform for businesses, organizations, or individuals who can create interactive maps and upload content that is made public to other third-party users via a web interface or a mobile application
www.ocearch.org
and its national versions (a
Website
) and provides other services available via the Website (
Services
).
User
: anyone who uses Services or accesses its interface and content
Interested party:
anyone who subscribes to the newsletter on the Website
Contact person
: anyone whose contact details or other personal data are available on any of the maps created in our Services by a User
Terms & Conditions:
conditions and terms of use of Services available on
ocearch.org/mobile-app-terms/
Please read how we process your personal data if you are a User
–
a person, an Interested party or a representative acting on User
’
s
behalf (
You
). The document contains an important information about your rights.
Why do we process your data and what personal details are involved
We as the data controller process your data for the following purposes:
(1) To provide our Services:
In order to fulfill our contractual obligations to you under the Terms & Conditions. Also, we verify if you are registered according to the Terms & Conditions and what functions you are entitled to. This is the fulfillment of the contract between you and us. In case you are a representative of the User, we process your contact details to be able to provide our Services to the User. That is our legitimate interest. For this purpose, we may use data you have provided to us or will provide in the future by registering to the Services and data about your Services usage.
(2) To send news and updates:
If you have subscribed to the newsletter, we will occasionally send you a newsletter about our Services to fulfill your order. In case you have registered on the Website and have not refused receiving newsletters about our Services, we may occasionally send you such newsletter because it is our legitimate interest. You can unsubscribe from newsletters anytime, as stat
ed below.
(3) To protect our rights.
We can verify whether you as a User don
’t violate the Terms & Conditions. If you do so we can defend our rights.
Also after you cancel your registration, we may need your information to claim or protect our rights. Such purpose is our legitimate interest. We may use data you have provided to us or will provide in the future by registering to the Services and data about your Services usage. This may in particular include your name, contact details and information about your Service usage.
The data processor handles your personal details in order to fulfill instructions of other users your data into the service can be the administrator of your personal data and we, in this case, the processor. In case you are you are a contact person, then the User that entered your details to Services can be your personal data administrator and we are, therefore, Processor. In that case, we work with your data in order to provide Services to the User. it is our legitimate interest. If you refuse to have your date processed, we will no longer do so.
How long will we process your data
Data referred to in
(1) – service provision – will be processed during your registration.
Data referred to in (2) – sending newsletters – will be processed until you reject the newsletters.
Data referred to in (3) – on the protection of our rights – will be processed until 5 years after the end of your registration.
Data referred to in (4) – compliance with the user’s instructions – will be processed until the User removes your data or you refuse such processing.
To whom we may transfer your data
We may transmit your data to processors who provide us IT, marketing and other support services, always in accordance with above mentioned purposes. If we transmit your data out of the EU, their protection will be ensured under standard contractual clauses or in decision mode about Privacy Shield, a cooperation program with the USA – see more information on the website of the
European Commission.
Your rights
Legal rules on personal data protection guarantee you various rights in the area of personal data protection: In the scope guaranteed by legal rules on personal data protection – especially
GDPR
– you may request access to your data from us (information about what kind of  your data we process and how we process them), you may request restriction of the processing of your data (it means we do not yet delete the data but we will not work with them), you may request data deletion (always if the legal conditions are met), and you have also the right to object to the processing and may exercise your right to data portability. To exercise any of these rights, contact us via contact details above – the easiest way is to send us an email to
tracker@ocearch.org
and we will help you exercise your rights. If you believe that we violate legal rules by processing your personal data, you can lodge/file a complaint with the Czech Data Protection Office (
www.uoou.cz
) or your applicable national supervising authority.
Objections against processing
: If you do not agree with using your data to sending newsletters, you may unsubscribe from newsletters.  The easiest way is to use the link provided in every newsletter, or you can send us your objection by email or letter and, if technically possible, even when you register. If you refuse such processing, we will stop sending you newsletters. If you do not agree to be placed as a Contact Person in our service, please contact us and we will delete your information. You may also refuse other processing based on legitimate interest and we will limit them, unless we prove serious and qualified legitimate grounds for the processing
.
CONNECT WITH US
The data, tracks, images and related information on this site are for viewing purposes only and are the Intellectual Property of OCEARCH and/or the listed collaborating institution. This material is summarized for site users and does not include methodological variables affecting technical results. Any use of this site, tracks, images or data without explicit permission of OCEARCH and the collaborating institution is strictly prohibited. Please see our Data Sharing Policy at:
www.ocearch.org/data-sharing/
for information on the required process to request collaborative use of our data for research, education or other applications.
© 2024 OCEARCH All rights reserved | Powered by
Mapotic - Wildlife Tracking Apps
ABOUT
About OCEARCH
Press Room
Meet the Team
Partners
Data Policy
PROGRAMS
OCEARCH Global Shark Tracker™
The Global White Shark Project
Science
Education
EXPEDITIONS
Ongoing Field Research
Expedition Save The Med
Expeditions Map
GIVE
Help Protect Sharks
Matching Gift
More Ways To Give
How Your Donations Are Used
SHOP
BLOG
About
About
Press Room
Meet the Team
Data Policy
Programs
OCEARCH Global Shark Tracker™
The Global White Shark Project
Science
Education
Expeditions
Ongoing Field Research
Expeditions Map
Expedition Save The Med
GIVE
Help Protect Sharks
Matching Gift
More Ways To Give
How Your Donations Are Used
Blog
OCEARCH Memorable Moments Countdown
Partners
Shop
FAQ
CONNECT WITH US