Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) applies to the processing of personal data of users (“
user
” or “
you
”) of the Split Pic Lite mobile application (“
app
”) by Bending Spoons S.p.A. (“
we
” or “
us
”), in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 – General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), the Italian Legislative Decree 196/2003 (as amended), and other applicable local laws, as amended or replaced (jointly, “
Applicable Privacy Laws
”).
If you are a California resident, please see
Section 11 (Additional Information for California Consumers)
below.
1. Data Controller’s contact details
The Data Controller is Bending Spoons S.p.A., based in Via Nino Bonnet 10, Milan, MI 20154 (Italy), VAT 08931860962. For any requests regarding the processing of your personal data, please email us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by sending an email to
dpo@bendingspoons.com
for any requests relating to the processing of your personal data or this Privacy Policy.
2. Categories of the processed Personal Data, purposes and legal basis for the processing
We process the following categories of personal data, for the purposes and on the legal bases indicated below. Please note that not all of the below information may be deemed personal data in your jurisdiction in all cases.
To enable you to use the app and to provide you with its functionalities.
The legal basis for the processing is the performance of a contractual relationship with the User (art. 6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
Identification and contact information (such as first and last name, and email address), identifiers and internet and network activity information (such as IP address, device model, device type, OS version, device language, device name, country set in the device settings, information about your interactions with the app, and unique identifiers, including IDFA), and other information necessary to enable you to use the app (such as videos, music library, microphone recordings).
To improve our products and services (for example, by conducting user surveys and research activities, assessing user satisfaction, assessing the effectiveness of the service provided, evaluating and improving the design of the app, measuring the traffic and performance of the app).
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR) to improve our products and services.
As for the collection of personal data by means of analytics tracking technologies, please see
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Identification and contact information you provide us (such as name, age, social media handle, or email address, when requested) and information collected or generated in-app, also by means of analytics tracking technologies (for example, information about your interactions with the app, inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app).
To ensure the quality of the services by analyzing, preventing or correcting failures and bugs, illicit use or misuse of the services.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to ensure the quality and the smooth functioning of the service.
Identifiers, internet and network activity information (such as IP address), inferences we generate and other related information about your usage of the app.
To comply with our legal obligations, including requests from public authorities.
The legal basis for the processing is compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject (art. 6(1)(c) of the GDPR).
Where the requirements provided by the applicable law (such as data protection laws) grant us some discretionary assessments in order to fully comply with it, we may rely on our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR) to carry out processing activities for this purpose in order to demonstrate our compliance.
Any information which may be requested by law or under authorities’ instructions.
To process and respond to customer support communications and to requests for information you may raise with us.
The legal basis for the processing is the performance of our contractual relationship (art. 6(1)(b) of GDPR).
Identification and contact information you provide us (such as first and last name, email address) and the content of your communication or request.
To establish, exercise or defend our rights and those of our employees, and to carry out corporate transactions or operations (for example, in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any such transactions).
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR) to establish, exercise or defend our rights and to carry out corporate transactions or operations.
Any information necessary to ensure the performance of these purposes.
To analyze your usage information, including your preferences, interests and behaviors when you use our products and services to:
Conduct surveys, statistical analysis or other research activities to improve our products and services
Maintain, optimize, and develop new features
Measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and make our advertising more relevant
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
The collection of personal data by means of profiling and third-party analytics tracking technologies is based on your consent (art. 122 of Italian Privacy Code). For more details, please see
Section 12 (In-app Tracking Technologies)
.
Your identification and contact information (such as name, age or email address, when requested), identifiers and Internet and network activity information that we collect (such as IP address), information about your interactions with the app, and other related information about your usage of the app collected by means of in-app profiling tracking technologies.
3. Data retention of User’s Personal Data
Personal data may be processed by both automated and non-automated means and may be stored at our premises and on our service providers’ servers. We adopt technical and organizational measures designed to prevent the loss, improper use and alteration of your personal data. In some cases, we may also adopt data encryption and pseudonymization measures. However, transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure, and you should not provide any personal data if you want to avoid any risk.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Section 2.a), 2.b), 2.e), 2.g) will be kept for a period not exceeding the one necessary for the said purposes and, in each case, for no more than 3 years from the date of your last interaction with the app or from the date of the expiration of your subscription unless you access the app after then. In this case, the retention period will start from the date of your last interaction with the app.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Section 2.c) will be kept for a period not exceeding the one necessary for the said purposes and, in each case, for no more than 1 year from the date of your last interaction with the app or from the date of the expiration of your subscription unless you access the app after then. In this case, the retention period will start from the date of your last interaction with the app.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in Section 2.d), will be kept up to 5 years from the date of your last interaction with the app or from the date of the expiration of your subscription unless you access the app after then. In this case, the retention period will start from the date of your last interaction with the app.
Personal data processed for the purposes referred to in 2.f) will be kept up to 10 years from the date of your last interaction with the app or from the date of the expiration of your subscription unless you access the app after then. In this case, the retention period will start from the date of your last interaction with the app.
4. Your Choices with Regard to the Use of Your Personal Data
It is mandatory for you to provide your personal data for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.a), 2.d), and 2.e). If you do not provide the personal data, you will not be able to enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on your consent for the purposes referred to in Section 2.g), your provision of personal data is optional, and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do not provide personal data, you will still be able to enjoy the app’s services and features.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest for the purposes referred to in Sections 2.b), 2.c), 2.f), and 2.g), you may, at any time, exercise your right to object to such processing as explained
in Section 7 (Your Rights)
.
5. Sharing Your Personal Data
We may share or disclose your personal data to the following categories of recipients:
Vendors carrying out activities that are related or instrumental to our business and operational activities as outsourced data processors appointed in writing in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, or acting as autonomous data controllers (such as IT or storage service providers, mobile measurement partners, suppliers of mobile marketing services, and advertising networks and platforms).
If we carry out a corporate transaction or operation (for example, in case of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or assignments, and due diligence related to any such transactions), your personal data may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers, and may be one of the assets that is transferred to another owner.
Public, judicial or police authorities, within the limits established by applicable laws.
Personal data will not be disclosed for any reason other than those stated above, unless such disclosure is deemed necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation or if we request your consent.
6. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the European Economic Area
We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the UK or Switzerland to other countries outside the EEA. Such data transfers are based on appropriate safeguards in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws, including (a) the standard contractual clauses developed by the European Commission (SCCs); (b) Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, and the decisions of adequacy of the European Commission; or (c) binding corporate rules. When we rely on SCCs we also make sure that supplementary organizational and technical measures are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection to the personal data transferred, by carrying out also the relevant Transfer Impact Assessments on the processing activities and service providers located outside the EEA.
More information on the appropriate safeguards in place for extra-EEA transfer are available for consultation by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
7. Your Rights
At any time and free of charge, you can exercise the following rights, as specified and subject to certain limitations and exceptions under Applicable Privacy Laws:
Right of access. You have the right to obtain information about the processing of your personal data and to access it.
Right to rectification. You have the right to ask for the updating, rectification or integration of your personal data.
Right to erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Right to data portability. You have the right to obtain a portable electronic copy of your personal data.
Right to object. Where we rely on our legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have the right to object to such processing, wholly or partly, on grounds related to your particular situation. In particular, you are entitled to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling.
Right to withdraw your consent. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent, although the processing carried out before your withdrawal of consent will remain valid.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent national Data Protection Authority, in particular before the Data Protection Authority of the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
To exercise your rights, you may contact us by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. You may also delete or download a copy of your personal data by using the tool available
here
. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request.
8. Children’s Personal Data
The app is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If you believe we have received personal data from children under the age of 16, please email us at
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. If we learn that a user is under the age of 16, we will take reasonable steps to delete any processed data and close such user’s account.
9. Third-party Websites and Services
The app may include links to other websites or services operated by third parties. The activities described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to data processed by such third-party websites and services. We have no control over, and we are not responsible for, the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites and services.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify, integrate or update, in whole or in part, this Privacy Policy, and we will notify users of any substantial modification, integration or update in accordance with Applicable Privacy Laws. If we make modifications, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and, under certain circumstances, we may also notify you by additional means such as pop-up or push notifications within the app or our website, or email.
11. Additional Information for California Consumers
This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
a)
Additional Information Related to Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information
We collect personal information from several sources: directly from you (for example, when you make purchases within the app or participate in a survey); automatically when you use the app (for example, device information); from other sources (for example, mobile measurement partners). We also generate inferences about you based on your use of the app and other information we collect.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law (such as age and gender); commercial information (such as purchases you make in the app); approximate geolocation information (such as country); inferences; and other information that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. For details about the personal information we collect, please see Section 2 (Categories of Personal Data that We Collect, Purposes and Legal Bases for Our Processing) above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes listed in the chart in Section 2 above.
We may share your personal information with the categories of third parties as described in Section 5 above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers, internet and electronic network activity information, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. federal law; commercial information; approximate geolocation information; and other information that we have inferred about you or that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you.
We do not sell your personal information. We do allow our advertising partners to collect certain device identifiers and electronic network activity via our app to show ads that are based on your interests. If you prefer to limit this activity, your device may include a feature (such as “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS, or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for interest-based advertising purposes.
b)
Rights of California Consumers
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to:
Request more details about the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we process.
Request the deletion of their personal information.
Opt out of “sales” of personal information that may be occurring.
Not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
To exercise these rights, California consumers may contact us by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
. You may also delete or download a copy of your personal information by using the tool available
here
. We will verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.
12. In-app Tracking Technologies
When we refer to “tracking technology/technologies” in this Policy, we mean any technology that stores or accesses information on the user’s device, including SDK, tracking pixel, HTML5 local storage, local shared object, and fingerprinting technique.
Tracking technologies are usually classified:
by purpose (Technical, Analytics, Profiling);
by publisher (First-party, Third-party).
This classification is important because different legal requirements apply based on how the tracking technologies are classified.
Below you will find the types of tracking technologies as classified with some practical examples.
By purpose
Technical tracking technologies
Technical tracking technologies are used for the purpose of transmitting messages over an electronic communication network or to provide a service specifically requested by the user.
Thus, technical tracking technologies are essential for the correct functioning of the app and to provide the service offered to and requested by the user.
For example, technical tracking technologies can be used to monitor sessions, store specific server access information related to the user configuration, facilitate the use of online content, or keep track of items in a shopping cart or information used to fill in a form.
Technical tracking technologies do not need your consent.
Analytics tracking technologies
Analytics tracking technologies may be used to assess the effectiveness of an information society service provided by a publisher, evaluate and improve the design of an app, or help measure its traffic.
In other words, analytics tracking technologies may be used to track the traffic and performance of an app, by collecting aggregate data on the number of users and how they interact with the app to improve its services.
For example, analytics tracking technologies may collect information about how users access an app, including the number of users, possibly grouped by geographical area, time slot, how long users stay on the app, what parts of the app they interact with, or the number of users who used a particular feature.
Analytics tracking technologies need your explicit consent. However, analytics tracking technologies are equated to technical trackers and, thus, do not need your consent if:
they are only used to produce aggregated statistics that are performed by way of the controller’s own resources and do not turn into activities that go beyond statistical counting and enable business-related decision-making; or
the third parties do not match the analytics trackers' data with any other information and do not forward such data to other third parties.
Profiling tracking technologies
Profiling tracking technologies may be used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to users and trace specific actions or recurring behavioral patterns in the use of the offered functionalities back to specific, identified or identifiable individuals for the purpose of grouping them within homogeneous, multi-sized clusters. This is aimed to enable the company to analyze and predict personal aspects concerning the users, provide them with increasingly customized services beyond what is strictly necessary for the delivery of the service, and also send targeted advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user during their in-app activities.
In other words, profiling tracking technologies may be used to convey behavioral advertising, measure the effectiveness of ads, or to customize the services offered in line with the user’s monitored behavior.
For example, profiling tracking technologies can be used to create user profiles and offer content in line with the user’s interests, send targeted ads or messages, conduct statistical analysis or other research activities to improve our products and services and measure the effectiveness of our campaigns.
Profiling tracking technologies need your explicit consent.
By publisher
First-party
tracking technologies
First-party tracking technologies are installed and managed directly by the owner of the app which will process the collected data for its own purposes.
Third-party
tracking technologies
Third-party tracking technologies are installed and managed by different apps or developers either for our purposes or for the third party’s own purposes.
The data collected by these third parties is governed by their own specific privacy policies and terms and conditions over which we have no control. Thus, for further information about this data processing activities, please refer to the privacy policy of such third parties as indicated in the following section ("
Types of tracking technologies used by the app
”).
Third-party non-anonymized analytics and/or profiling trackers need your consent. You can manage this consent at any time by accessing the “Privacy Settings” area within the app.
Types of tracking technologies used in the app
This app installs the following types of tracking technologies:
Split Pic Lite SDK (technical)
Technical
3 years. See Section 3 (Data storage and protection) for more details.
First-party
Our internal software development kit (SDK). It is essential for the app to function correctly.
N/A
Split Pic Lite SDK (statistical analytics)
Technical
3 years
First-party
Our internal software development kit (SDK). It allows us to produce aggregated statistics.
N/A
Firebase Crashlytics
Technical
3 years. See Section 3 (Data storage and protection) for more details.
Third-party
Firebase is a tool provided by Google which is essential for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide the user with the key features.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase Dynamic Links
Technical
3 years. See Section 3 (Data storage and protection) for more details.
Third-party
Firebase is a tool provided by Google which is essential for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide the user with the key features.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
FirebaseAuth
Technical
3 years. See Section 3 (Data storage and protection) for more details.
Third-party
Firebase is a tool provided by Google which is essential for the app to correctly interact with the backend and provide the user with the key features.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Analytics
3 years
Third-party
Firebase is a tool provided by Google which is essential for the app to work properly. When analytics features are enabled, it can help us to improve app’s traffic and performance.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Split Pic Lite SDK (profiling)
Profiling
3 years
First-party
Our internal profiling software development kit (SDK). It allows us to provide customized services.
N/A
Meta Audience Network
Profiling
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party
Meta Audience Network allows us to show you advertising. When profiling features are enabled, advertising is customized according to your preferences.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
Unity
Profiling
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party
Unity allows us to show you advertising. When profiling features are enabled, advertising is customized according to your preferences.
https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-policy
Vungle
Profiling
Defined by the Third Party
Third-party
Vungle allows us to show you advertising. When profiling features are enabled, advertising is customized according to your preferences.
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Tracking technologies settings
You can activate or disable (in whole or in part) profiling and third-party analytics tracking technologies at any time through the “Privacy Settings” area of the app.
In case of withdrawal of consent, your data will no longer be collected through those trackers but we will continue processing the data collected before the withdrawal.
You cannot deactivate first-party analytics tracking technologies since they are equated to technical trackers and, thus, are not based on your consent. However, you can opt out of the further processing of your data collected by means of such trackers by sending an email to
privacy@bendingspoons.com
.
With regards to your rights under applicable Data Protection Laws, please refer to
Section 7 (Your Rights)
above.
Last updated
: October 15, 2024
Can't find what you’re looking for?
Visit
the Support Center
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 4, 2024
Last Edit/ Review: July 3, 2024
1. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
These
FAQs
provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive Privacy Policy (below). They enhance rather than replace the important notices in this Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
What’s new as of December 4, 2024?
On December 4, 2024, we updated our position with LevelPlay from a “Data Processor” to a “Data Controller”. We also made some formatting updates, updated our Third Party Partners list.
The difference between an edit/review and an update is that "updates" involve material changes to our Policy whereas edits are not material or simply indicate a review has occurred. For example, we may make clarifying edits by giving additional examples. When we provide an update, you will receive a notice to accept and read the changes, which are summarized here.
2. Privacy Policy Overview
Unity Technologies and its subsidiaries and
affiliates
(collectively “
Unity
”) offer a variety of products, Services, and websites for Developers and App Users that will be referred to in this Policy as the “
Service
” or “
Services
.” The Policy refers to Unity as “
we
” or “
us
” and to game players / App Users as “
you
.” When we say “
device
,” we mean any device, including desktop, laptop, PC or Mac computers, smartphones, tablets, or any other device that is used to access or interact with the Service. When we say “
Developer
,” or “
Publisher”
we mean a third party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services. When we say
“App User”
we mean a game player or person who is using an app made with and/or using Unity Services. When we say
“User”
we mean an App User and people browsing our websites. “Struckd” is inclusive of all Struckd by Unity products. When we say “
Personal Information
” we mean information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. Personal Information does not include aggregated, de-identified, and/ or anonymized information, i.e., when the information has been transformed so that it no longer relates back to a person's identity.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing Personal Information, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your Personal Information. To learn about our practices for Developer data, please see our
Developer Privacy Policy
. You can find a link to all privacy notices
here
.
This App User Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies (herein “we”, “us”, “our”, or “Unity”) will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information (as described below) that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications (“
app
” or “
apps
”) which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology. This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developers use our products in their applications. They may collect Personal Information that we, they, or another party is responsible for. This Policy only applies to your Personal Information that we are responsible for when acting as a data controller and as explained below. As such, please be sure to also read the privacy policy for the application you are using for a full understanding of how Developers use your Personal Information.
3. Information We Collect
Depending on how you interact with Unity (e.g., by contacting us, by interacting with our website) we may collect the following categories of Personal Information:
A. Personal Information we receive from you:
Name & Contact Details
Such as first and last name, title, prefix, email address, telephone number, postal address, country of residence.
Account Information
Such as password(s) you create to access the Service, username/user ID.  For Struckd, this may include your age or date of birth, which we do not store.
Social Network Information
When you log into our Services with a social network account, you may have the option of sharing information, such as the username you use on that network and your friends list or other information that you or the third-party social network choose to share with Unity. By doing so, you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy and this Privacy Policy.
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
In using the Services, such as the Struckd App, a User may upload information such as assets for publication or display on public areas of the App. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these Services will become public and may be available to other Users and the general public.
Information Provided Through Use of Services
In using the Services, such as the Struckd App,Users provide us with various information when they participate in community and forum pages. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these public forums will be available to other Users and the general public.
Biometric Information
We may collect information, including voice data, associated with our Users’ storage of data they collect from you using our tools, such as Safe Voice which may be considered biometric information under applicable laws. For more information on our collection of biometric information, please refer to the Biometric Information section below.
Name & Contact Details
Such as first and last name, title, prefix, email address, telephone number, postal address, country of residence.
Account Information
Such as password(s) you create to access the Service, username/user ID.  For Struckd, this may include your age or date of birth, which we do not store.
Social Network Information
When you log into our Services with a social network account, you may have the option of sharing information, such as the username you use on that network and your friends list or other information that you or the third-party social network choose to share with Unity. By doing so, you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy and this Privacy Policy.
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
In using the Services, such as the Struckd App, a User may upload information such as assets for publication or display on public areas of the App. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these Services will become public and may be available to other Users and the general public.
Information Provided Through Use of Services
In using the Services, such as the Struckd App,Users provide us with various information when they participate in community and forum pages. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these public forums will be available to other Users and the general public.
Biometric Information
We may collect information, including voice data, associated with our Users’ storage of data they collect from you using our tools, such as Safe Voice which may be considered biometric information under applicable laws. For more information on our collection of biometric information, please refer to the Biometric Information section below.
B. Personal Information we collect through your use of our Services or from other sources:
Device Information
Such as information about your devices and your use of our Services. This includes data obtained through cookies and similar technologies, as described in our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
.
IP Address
Our systems automatically collect an IP address when Users access the Service. IP addresses can be used to learn about the general location (e.g., city, state, and country) of the User’s point of access to the web.
Log Information
When you access the Unity website, Services or products that use an aspect of our Service, we may log a variety of technical information (“Log Info”), including but not limited to User ID, device identifiers (including advertiser ID), browser information, session IDs, session token data, authentication token data, unique app installation-specific ID, login data, play session information, and events such as monetization events and/or campaign and app interaction events. To the extent cookies and similar technologies are used to do this, please see our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
.
Cookies and Related Technologies
We collect Personal Information through cookies and similar technologies. For more information on how Unity uses cookies, the types of cookies and other technologies used, and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
.
Other Information
We may obtain additional information about you from third parties such as marketers, partners, researchers, and others. We may combine information that we collect from you with information about you that we obtain from such third parties and information derived from any other subscription, product, or Service we provide.
Device Information
Such as information about your devices and your use of our Services. This includes data obtained through cookies and similar technologies, as described in our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
.
IP Address
Our systems automatically collect an IP address when Users access the Service. IP addresses can be used to learn about the general location (e.g., city, state, and country) of the User’s point of access to the web.
Log Information
When you access the Unity website, Services or products that use an aspect of our Service, we may log a variety of technical information (“Log Info”), including but not limited to User ID, device identifiers (including advertiser ID), browser information, session IDs, session token data, authentication token data, unique app installation-specific ID, login data, play session information, and events such as monetization events and/or campaign and app interaction events. To the extent cookies and similar technologies are used to do this, please see our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
.
Cookies and Related Technologies
We collect Personal Information through cookies and similar technologies. For more information on how Unity uses cookies, the types of cookies and other technologies used, and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
.
Other Information
We may obtain additional information about you from third parties such as marketers, partners, researchers, and others. We may combine information that we collect from you with information about you that we obtain from such third parties and information derived from any other subscription, product, or Service we provide.
C. Sensitive Information:
Unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through the Unity website, the Services or otherwise to us.
D. Aggregated, De-Identified, and/ or Anonymized Information:
We may aggregate, de-identify, and/ or anonymize Personal Information, i.e., transform the information so it no longer relates back to a person's identity so that it will no longer be considered Personal Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
4. How We Use the Information we Collect or Receive
Below, you will find a table depicting how we use the information we collect or receive through the use of our Services.
Service Provision & Maintenance
Providing the Services*
Analyzing and acting on the analysis of our products such as system and log maintenance, technical and customer support, system debugging.
Carrying out operations and general business such as administering online Services; employee training and managing work activities and personnel generally
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services
Consent, such as:
When we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
When we serve personalized advertisements in Unity Ads.
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Service maintenance, optimizations, & operational improvements
Responding to inquiries
Contextual advertising
Legal obligations, such as when you submit a request to access your personal information
Developers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Social Sharing
Facilitating social sharing, such as through your Struckd account.
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
- Consent, such as:
When you have opted in to sharing your social media account(s) with us.
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Interacting with you on social media through posts
Attributing a contribution to an individual
Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services, such as fulfilling our obligations associated with those who sign up to the Unity Affiliate Program.
Third-Party Social Networks
Promotions & Contests
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions, such as related to Struckd.
Some of these promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will use and disclose your Personal Information, which we will communicate to you separately
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
- Manage our contractual relationship, such as fulfilling obligations associated with a contest.
- Consent, such as:
When you have opted into relevant marketing communications
When we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
Marketers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Researchers
Third party lead generation services
Personalizing Services
Personalizing our interactions with you and providing you with information and/ or offers. These may be:
Tailored to your interests, shipping history and/ or behavior.
Based on your past usage and/ or preferences.
Delivering content via our Services that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
- Consent, such as
To send you offers tailored to your specific interests, and/or behavior.
When we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Providing tailored Services based on past usage and/or preferences, and such tailoring is based on basic and privacy-non-intrusive segmentation.
Developers
Marketers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Business Reporting
Improving the efficiency of our Services
Identifying usage trends
Determining our promotional campaign effectiveness
Develop new products and Services
Developing, enhancing, improving, repairing, maintaining or modifying the Services and/or assisting our Developers with this activity
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
- Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services.
- Consent such as when we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
- Legitimate Interests, such as developing new Services and/ or products
Developers‘
Marketers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Researchers
Security Purposes
Fraud & security purposes, such as monitoring to detect and prevent cyberattacks or identity theft
Prevention of criminal activity or harm to Users, such as illegal or harmful content being posted on our message boards.
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Comply with a legal obligation
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Securing our services, investigating cyber intrusions, fraud, & abuse.
Protecting our operations, rights, safety, or property
Pursuing all available legal remedies, defending claims, and limiting damages we may sustain
Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services.
Law enforcement
Legal Purposes
Reporting to our Board of Directors as required by the Securities & Exchange Commission.
Audits to verify e.g., that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory, & contractual requirements.
Financial & accounting purposes
Complying with laws and regulations. These may be outside of your country of residence.
For other reasons, e.g., to enforce our terms and conditions or licenses; to protect our operations; to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; to allow us to pursue available legal remedies, defend claims and limit the damages that we may sustain.
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
- Comply with a legal obligation
- Legitimate Interests, such as:
Securing our services, investigating cyber intrusions, fraud, & abuse.
Reporting company progress to key-stakeholders and making decisions on such reporting
Protecting our operations, rights, safety, or property
Pursuing all available legal remedies, defending claims, and limiting damages we may sustain
Law enforcement
Law Enforcement Requests
Cooperating with public and government authorities, including law enforcement. These may be outside of your country of residence
Fulfilling our legal and compliance related obligations, including complying with applicable laws; complying with legal processes; responding to requests from public and government authorities; meeting national security or law enforcement requirements.
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Comply with a legal obligation
Law enforcement
Business Transactions
-In connection with a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). You will be notified of any such business transaction and of possible changes to the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with applicable law.*
[Name & Contact Details] (#nameandcontact)
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Service
Device Information
Biometric Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legitimate Interests, such as:
In pursuing a business transaction
Corporate restructuring
N/A
Emergency & Incident Response
Such as responding to, handling and documenting incidents and emergencies, actively monitoring to ensure adequate incident prevention, response and documentation, sending notifications and alerts in the event of incidents or emergencies
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
- Legitimate Interests, such as
in monitoring, reacting to, and documenting an emergency and/ or incident.
Law enforcement
Incident reporter
Purpose
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Service Provision & Maintenance
Examples of Processing Activities
Providing the Services*
Analyzing and acting on the analysis of our products such as system and log maintenance, technical and customer support, system debugging.
Carrying out operations and general business such as administering online Services; employee training and managing work activities and personnel generally
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services
Consent, such as:
When we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
When we serve personalized advertisements in Unity Ads.
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Service maintenance, optimizations, & operational improvements
Responding to inquiries
Contextual advertising
Legal obligations, such as when you submit a request to access your personal information
Third-Party Sources
Developers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Social Sharing
Examples of Processing Activities
Facilitating social sharing, such as through your Struckd account.
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
- Consent, such as:
When you have opted in to sharing your social media account(s) with us.
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Interacting with you on social media through posts
Attributing a contribution to an individual
Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services, such as fulfilling our obligations associated with those who sign up to the Unity Affiliate Program.
Third-Party Sources
Third-Party Social Networks
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Promotions & Contests
Examples of Processing Activities
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions, such as related to Struckd.
Some of these promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will use and disclose your Personal Information, which we will communicate to you separately
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
- Manage our contractual relationship, such as fulfilling obligations associated with a contest.
- Consent, such as:
When you have opted into relevant marketing communications
When we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
Third-Party Sources
Marketers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Researchers
Third party lead generation services
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Personalizing Services
Examples of Processing Activities
Personalizing our interactions with you and providing you with information and/ or offers. These may be:
Tailored to your interests, shipping history and/ or behavior.
Based on your past usage and/ or preferences.
Delivering content via our Services that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
- Consent, such as
To send you offers tailored to your specific interests, and/or behavior.
When we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Providing tailored Services based on past usage and/or preferences, and such tailoring is based on basic and privacy-non-intrusive segmentation.
Third-Party Sources
Developers
Marketers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Business Reporting
Examples of Processing Activities
Improving the efficiency of our Services
Identifying usage trends
Determining our promotional campaign effectiveness
Develop new products and Services
Developing, enhancing, improving, repairing, maintaining or modifying the Services and/or assisting our Developers with this activity
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
- Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services.
- Consent such as when we collect Personal Information through our use of cookies and similar technologies.
- Legitimate Interests, such as developing new Services and/ or products
Third-Party Sources
Developers‘
Marketers
Third-Party Social Networks
Unity Partners
Researchers
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Security Purposes
Examples of Processing Activities
Fraud & security purposes, such as monitoring to detect and prevent cyberattacks or identity theft
Prevention of criminal activity or harm to Users, such as illegal or harmful content being posted on our message boards.
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
Comply with a legal obligation
Legitimate Interests, such as:
Securing our services, investigating cyber intrusions, fraud, & abuse.
Protecting our operations, rights, safety, or property
Pursuing all available legal remedies, defending claims, and limiting damages we may sustain
Performance of the Terms of Service Agreement we enter with you to provide the Services.
Third-Party Sources
Law enforcement
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Legal Purposes
Examples of Processing Activities
Reporting to our Board of Directors as required by the Securities & Exchange Commission.
Audits to verify e.g., that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory, & contractual requirements.
Financial & accounting purposes
Complying with laws and regulations. These may be outside of your country of residence.
For other reasons, e.g., to enforce our terms and conditions or licenses; to protect our operations; to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; to allow us to pursue available legal remedies, defend claims and limit the damages that we may sustain.
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
- Comply with a legal obligation
- Legitimate Interests, such as:
Securing our services, investigating cyber intrusions, fraud, & abuse.
Reporting company progress to key-stakeholders and making decisions on such reporting
Protecting our operations, rights, safety, or property
Pursuing all available legal remedies, defending claims, and limiting damages we may sustain
Third-Party Sources
Law enforcement
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Law Enforcement Requests
Examples of Processing Activities
Cooperating with public and government authorities, including law enforcement. These may be outside of your country of residence
Fulfilling our legal and compliance related obligations, including complying with applicable laws; complying with legal processes; responding to requests from public and government authorities; meeting national security or law enforcement requirements.
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Services
Information Provided Through Use of Services
Biometric Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
Comply with a legal obligation
Third-Party Sources
Law enforcement
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Business Transactions
Examples of Processing Activities
-In connection with a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). You will be notified of any such business transaction and of possible changes to the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with applicable law.*
Personal Information Categories
[Name & Contact Details] (#nameandcontact)
Account Information
Social Network Information
Information Uploaded Through Use of Service
Device Information
Biometric Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
Legitimate Interests, such as:
In pursuing a business transaction
Corporate restructuring
Third-Party Sources
N/A
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
Emergency & Incident Response
Examples of Processing Activities
Such as responding to, handling and documenting incidents and emergencies, actively monitoring to ensure adequate incident prevention, response and documentation, sending notifications and alerts in the event of incidents or emergencies
Personal Information Categories
Name & Contact Details
Account Information
Social Network Information
Device Information
IP Address
Log Information
Cookies and Related Technologies
Legal Basis under GDPR
- Legitimate Interests, such as
in monitoring, reacting to, and documenting an emergency and/ or incident.
Third-Party Sources
Law enforcement
Incident reporter
Purpose
Examples of Processing Activities
Personal Information Categories
Legal Basis under GDPR
Third-Party Sources
*
Services Provided Include:
--> User Acquisition
Allows Developers to run ad campaigns to find the most valuable users to keep their application growing.
--> Audience Pinpointer
Allows Developers to optimize advertising campaigns
--> Mediation
Allows Developers to establish rules for how that developer’s partnered ad networks can bid on the developer’s inventory
--> Header Bidding
Allows ad networks to participate in a real time auction for a specific piece of inventory.
--> Unity Ads
Allows Developers to implement advertising in their application.
-->Unity Ads & Analytics product
Allows Developers to implement in-app advertisement placements which will be sold to various demand sources on the Unity network.
--> deltaDNA Predictive Segments
Analytics which creates predictions about user behavior
--> IAP
Allows Developers to integrate their in-game economies with the applicable platforms' in app purchase transaction mechanisms.
--> Unity Player Sign In
Allows App Users to create an account so they have a persistent ID across projects or games/apps.
-> Unity Rewards Offerwall
Allows Users to complete various offers in order to earn rewards in participating Developer applications.
-> Unity Levelplay
Allows Developers to manage and optimize their monetization strategy through mediation.
-> Struckd
Allows Users to create, and play games on mobile and web applications.
**
For more information on our legal obligations, please see section ‘
Other Disclosures
’
below.
***
For more information on disclosure of Personal Information in connection with a sale or business transaction, please see ‘
Other Disclosures
’ below.
5. Sharing Information
Below, you will find an outline of scenarios in which information may be shared using our Services.
Our
Affiliates
, including
ironSource
All purposes described in this Privacy Policy
Developers
Developers using some of our Services including Unity Analytics, will have ongoing access to Personal Information about the App User, including information relating to the users previous purchases, actions completed within their games, and entitlements to be received.
Vendors & Service Providers
We share Personal Information with select vendors and service providers to help us provide our Services such as:
Website & Data Hosting and Analytics
These assist us with operations and general business such as:
Providing the functionality of the Services
Storing and transferring data in a secure manner
Improving and developing new products and Services
Data analytics
Payment Processors
Facilitating financial transactions.
Our payments processors request that we provide you with a link to their privacy statements:
Tilia (used for Struckd Mobile) -
Privacy Statement
Fraud & Security
These assist us with activities such as:
Protecting and securing our systems and Services
Monitoring, investigating, and taking action on fraudulent activity
Professional Services
These provide a variety of services to us such as audit, legal, and financial.
Information Technology
These assist us with infrastructure provision
Law Enforcement or other similar parties
For safety, security, and legal compliance, including:
When we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (e.g., if we receive a court order, search warrant, subpoena, or similar legal process);
If we believe that the Service is being used in the commission of a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
To protect the vital interests of you, another person or the public, for example when there is a meaningful risk that poses a threat to the safety of you, another person or the public generally; and
In order to protect the rights or property of Unity, including to enforce the terms and licenses that govern the use of the Services.
Advertisers
As discussed in our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
, we may permit advertisers and their agents to use cookies or related technologies within the Service to store information on or read information from your browser or device so that they can optimize their advertising campaigns, including to frequency cap and deliver targeted ads.
Unity Ads
We use Personal Information as discussed in this policy collected from Developers’ apps to place personalized ads in Developers’ apps and elsewhere. This usage will permit other parties, such as publishers and attribution companies, to learn about the devices that received, viewed or interacted with ads. For more information about our partners, please see the section
Unity Ads Privacy Features and Third-Party Partners in Providing Advertising
.
To third parties in the event of a business transaction
Business Transactions
Bidding Partners
We use Personal Information as discussed in this policy with our Bidding Partners for our Mediation Service. For more information about our partners, please see the section
Unity Ads Privacy Features and Third-Party Partners in Providing Advertising
.
Third-party products and Services
As discussed in our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
and elsewhere, we may permit advertisers and their agents to use cookies or related technologies within the Service to store information on or read information from your browser or device so that they can optimize their advertising campaigns, including to frequency cap and deliver targeted ads.
With your consent
We may share your information for other purposes if (i) you direct us to do so or (ii) you consent to such sharing.
Due to your actions
Sharing can happen within our Services and outside it when you take certain actions. For example:
When you share a replay on a social network – depending on your privacy settings at the relevant social network – some users of the relevant social network will be able to see the replay;
When you post comments on our forums, visitors and other forum users will be able to see your username, photo, and comments;
When you publish games on the Struckd, your game and profile will be visible;
When you ask to be matched with another player to play a connected game.
Our
Affiliates
, including
ironSource
All purposes described in this Privacy Policy
Developers
Developers using some of our Services including Unity Analytics, will have ongoing access to Personal Information about the App User, including information relating to the users previous purchases, actions completed within their games, and entitlements to be received.
Vendors & Service Providers
We share Personal Information with select vendors and service providers to help us provide our Services such as:
Website & Data Hosting and Analytics
These assist us with operations and general business such as:
Providing the functionality of the Services
Storing and transferring data in a secure manner
Improving and developing new products and Services
Data analytics
Payment Processors
Facilitating financial transactions.
Our payments processors request that we provide you with a link to their privacy statements:
Tilia (used for Struckd Mobile) -
Privacy Statement
Fraud & Security
These assist us with activities such as:
Protecting and securing our systems and Services
Monitoring, investigating, and taking action on fraudulent activity
Professional Services
These provide a variety of services to us such as audit, legal, and financial.
Information Technology
These assist us with infrastructure provision
Law Enforcement or other similar parties
For safety, security, and legal compliance, including:
When we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (e.g., if we receive a court order, search warrant, subpoena, or similar legal process);
If we believe that the Service is being used in the commission of a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
To protect the vital interests of you, another person or the public, for example when there is a meaningful risk that poses a threat to the safety of you, another person or the public generally; and
In order to protect the rights or property of Unity, including to enforce the terms and licenses that govern the use of the Services.
Advertisers
As discussed in our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
, we may permit advertisers and their agents to use cookies or related technologies within the Service to store information on or read information from your browser or device so that they can optimize their advertising campaigns, including to frequency cap and deliver targeted ads.
Unity Ads
We use Personal Information as discussed in this policy collected from Developers’ apps to place personalized ads in Developers’ apps and elsewhere. This usage will permit other parties, such as publishers and attribution companies, to learn about the devices that received, viewed or interacted with ads. For more information about our partners, please see the section
Unity Ads Privacy Features and Third-Party Partners in Providing Advertising
.
To third parties in the event of a business transaction
Business Transactions
Bidding Partners
We use Personal Information as discussed in this policy with our Bidding Partners for our Mediation Service. For more information about our partners, please see the section
Unity Ads Privacy Features and Third-Party Partners in Providing Advertising
.
Third-party products and Services
As discussed in our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
and elsewhere, we may permit advertisers and their agents to use cookies or related technologies within the Service to store information on or read information from your browser or device so that they can optimize their advertising campaigns, including to frequency cap and deliver targeted ads.
With your consent
We may share your information for other purposes if (i) you direct us to do so or (ii) you consent to such sharing.
Due to your actions
Sharing can happen within our Services and outside it when you take certain actions. For example:
When you share a replay on a social network – depending on your privacy settings at the relevant social network – some users of the relevant social network will be able to see the replay;
When you post comments on our forums, visitors and other forum users will be able to see your username, photo, and comments;
When you publish games on the Struckd, your game and profile will be visible;
When you ask to be matched with another player to play a connected game.
Other Disclosures
Additional information for those located in the European Economic Area
We also disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate, in particular when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so, as set out in further detail below.
To comply with applicable law and regulations
This may include laws outside your country of residence, which could give rise to a legal obligation requiring us to process your Personal Information, including:
Civil and commercial matters:
Where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
To comply with Council Regulation (EC) No 1206/2001 of 28 May 2001 on cooperation between the courts of the Member States in the taking of evidence in civil or commercial matters.
Criminal matters:
to comply with requests and orders from EU and EU Member State law enforcement to provide information in relation to a criminal investigation in compliance with applicable local laws, or to take steps to report information we believe is important to law enforcement where so required or advisable under applicable local laws.
Consumer matters:
to comply with requests from competent authorities under EU or EU Member State consumer protection law, such as under Directive (EU) 2019/2161 and its implementing laws in EU Member States.
Corporate and taxation matters:
to comply with our obligations under applicable EU Member State corporate and tax legislation, such as where a national tax law of an EU Member State requires collection of specific transactional personal information for tax purposes.
Regulatory matters:
to respond to a request or to provide information we believe is necessary or appropriate to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as when relevant EU Member State data protection supervisory authorities initiate investigation under the General Data Protection Regulation into our Company. These can include authorities outside of your country of residence.
Compliance and internal investigations:
to comply with whistleblowing requirements under Directive (EU) 2019/1937 and its implementing laws in EU Member States.
Health and safety regulations:
to comply with health and safety reporting obligations in accordance with applicable local laws, such as in relation to accidents involving members of the public on our premises.
Compliance with the Digital Services Act:
(Regulation (EU) 2022/2065) and any other applicable laws.  Note: Unity will provide its users of impacted services with aggregate reporting regarding Unity’s compliance with the Digital Services Act upon the user’s request.
For other legal reasons
For dispute resolution purposes;
To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
Purpose
Purpose
Further Detail
To comply with applicable law and regulations
Further Detail
This may include laws outside your country of residence, which could give rise to a legal obligation requiring us to process your Personal Information, including:
Civil and commercial matters:
Where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
To comply with Council Regulation (EC) No 1206/2001 of 28 May 2001 on cooperation between the courts of the Member States in the taking of evidence in civil or commercial matters.
Criminal matters:
to comply with requests and orders from EU and EU Member State law enforcement to provide information in relation to a criminal investigation in compliance with applicable local laws, or to take steps to report information we believe is important to law enforcement where so required or advisable under applicable local laws.
Consumer matters:
to comply with requests from competent authorities under EU or EU Member State consumer protection law, such as under Directive (EU) 2019/2161 and its implementing laws in EU Member States.
Corporate and taxation matters:
to comply with our obligations under applicable EU Member State corporate and tax legislation, such as where a national tax law of an EU Member State requires collection of specific transactional personal information for tax purposes.
Regulatory matters:
to respond to a request or to provide information we believe is necessary or appropriate to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as when relevant EU Member State data protection supervisory authorities initiate investigation under the General Data Protection Regulation into our Company. These can include authorities outside of your country of residence.
Compliance and internal investigations:
to comply with whistleblowing requirements under Directive (EU) 2019/1937 and its implementing laws in EU Member States.
Health and safety regulations:
to comply with health and safety reporting obligations in accordance with applicable local laws, such as in relation to accidents involving members of the public on our premises.
Compliance with the Digital Services Act:
(Regulation (EU) 2022/2065) and any other applicable laws.  Note: Unity will provide its users of impacted services with aggregate reporting regarding Unity’s compliance with the Digital Services Act upon the user’s request.
Purpose
Further Detail
For other legal reasons
Further Detail
For dispute resolution purposes;
To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
Purpose
Further Detail
6. Our Policies Concerning Children
Unity Struckd
If the user is a child, we may collect and store the below information solely for our internal operations and our legitimate interest:
IP address
Unique Installation-specific ID
Randomly generated User ID
Vendor ID
Device ID
We collect the above information
for internal analytics to understand the service and e.g., why an error is occuring in Struckd or what causes users to engage with Struckd
so that we can send push notification
so that we can make updates to the application without needing to push an update
We may share some of this information with our service providers who we contract with to help us provide our services to you. Please note, while we collect country and birth date, this information is not stored.
Unity Advertising  Services
Developers using Unity’s Advertising Services may offer any of the following three categories of applications: 1) child-directed (Users are likely children), 2) mixed audience (Users are both children and non-children), 3) non-child directed (Users are unlikely to be children). If the application is a mixed audience, the Developer should implement an age-gate where required by law, and send a signal to Unity which indicates that we need to limit data collection, serve non-personalized ads, or otherwise disable the service. The Developer similarly categorizes applications which are specifically child-directed. A child is considered to be any User under the age of consent in their applicable jurisdiction.
In connection with the Ads Service, in the event we receive a signal from a Developer, we reduce our data collection for our Ads Service. In such instances, we will only collect Personal Information listed below. We collect this Personal Information for internal operations and our legitimate interests in providing the Service.
IP address is used to provide a compliant experience suitable for the User’s region.
Unique Installation-specific ID is used for operational purposes related to the serving of contextual advertisements.
User ID is used in connection with providing rewards in exchange for watching an ad. Unity uses a developer-set identification (User ID) to let the Developer know when a User with the User ID has completed the watched the ad and is therefore entitled to receive the in-game reward (coin, gems, etc.).
In connection with the Unity Rewards service, in the event we receive a signal from a Developer, we will collect and maintain a service-specific identifier associated with the Developer’s application in order to enable a service block since the Unity Rewards service is not intended for children.
Our Services are otherwise not intended for children. If you are aware that our Services are otherwise collecting Personal Information about children, please contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
If you or your parent or guardian have questions about this policy or how we use your personal information, you can contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
.
7. Your Choices About Unity’s Collection and Use of Your Information
Below, you will find information about your choices regarding Unity’s collection and use of your information through the use of our Services.
A. Unity Ads opt-out
You cannot opt-out of receiving ads in games or apps using Unity Ads, but you can take steps to opt-out of certain personalized ads, within the ad unit, by clicking or tapping the Data Privacy icon.
B. Unity Ads opt-in
In certain jurisdictions, Unity will ask for your affirmative consent before serving you personalized ads. Your consent (and other privacy choices) may be changed at any time within the ad unit by clicking or tapping the Data Privacy icon ​​​​​​
C. Analytics
Developers may choose to install a mechanism to opt-out of analytics.
D. Unity Player Sign-In
You may opt-out of aggregated analytics by clicking the “opt-out” button at the bottom of the screen.
E. Safe Voice
Developers may install a mechanism to opt-out.
F. Unity Rewards Offerwall
Developers should have a User opt-out mechanism. Access and erasure requests can be submitted through
this webform
.
G. Unity Struckd
Users can opt-out of optional data collection and sharing through the settings of the application.
8. Privacy Rights
Depending on the country or state in which you reside, you may have various privacy rights. For more information on the applicable rights in , please choose the appropriate location in Brazil, Canada, European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) and United Kingdom (“
UK
”) , Israel, Japan, Republic of Korea, and U.S.A. (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia) below:
Brazil
The Brazilian General Data Protection Act provides you the right to:
Confirm Unity's processing of your data;
Access your data;
Correct your incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data;
Request anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of data processed in noncompliance with the Brazilian General Data Protection Act;
Port your data to other service providers or suppliers of products;
Delete your personal data when processed with your consent;
Obtain information on the public and private entities with whom Unity shared your data;
Obtain information on the possibility of not providing consent and on the consequences of the denial;
Revoke your consent to the processing of your data when we seek your consent; and
Lodge complaints before data protection authorities.
Canada
The Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act provides certain rights with respect to your personal data, such as:
Right to Access - You have the right to request Unity provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Right to Rectification (Correction) - You have the right to request Unity to correct any information about you that you believe is incorrect. You also have the right to request Unity to complete information about you that you believe is incorrect.
EEA and UK
The EU and UK General Data Protection Regulations (collectively, the “
GDPR
”) provides certain rights (should they apply to you) in relation to the way in which Unity processes your Personal Information as a data controller. You have the following rights:
Right to Access - You have the right to request Unity provide you with a copy of your Personal Information.
Right to Rectification (Correction) - You have the right to request Unity to correct any information about you that you believe is incorrect. You also have the right to request Unity to complete information about you that you believe is incorrect.
Right to Erasure (Deletion) - You have the right to request Unity to erase your Personal Information, under certain conditions.
Right to Restrict Processing - You have the right to request Unity to restrict the processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions.
Right to Object to Processing - You have the right to object to Unity’s processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions.
Right to Data Portability - You have the right to request Unity to transfer your Personal Information that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Right to Lodge a Complaint - You may lodge a complaint with an EEA data protection authority for your country or region where you have your habitual residence or place of work or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available at
https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/items/612080
. In the UK, you may lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (“
ICO
”).
If you do have a complaint, we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before approaching your supervisory body, so please contact us at dpo@unity3d.com if you wish to discuss any complaint.
The Israel Protection of Privacy Law 5741-1981:
Any information provided by you is on a voluntary basis with no legal requirement to do so, but if you refuse to provide such information we may not be able to provide you with the Services. According to the Protection of Privacy Law, each person is entitled to inspect, either himself or through a representative authorized by him in writing or his guardian, any information about him kept in a database.
Japan
The Act on the Protection of the Personal Information of Japan provides certain rights with respect to your personal information, such as:
The right to request a notification of the purposes of use of your personal information
The right to request the disclosure, correction, addition, or deletion of your personal information
The right to request the discontinuation of use or provision to any third party
The right to request the disclosure of the record of provision of your personal information
If you are a resident of Japan and wish to exercise any of the above rights, please email us at DPO@unity3d.com (or contact us at the address indicated in the “Contact Us” section listed below)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061
United States of America
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, please see Section 19 “
Additional Information for Residents of California”
, below, for additional information on how we handle your Personal Information and the privacy requests you may make under applicable law.
Below, you will find information on how to access, correct, update, suppress, restrict, or delete your Personal Information, object to or opt out of the processing of Personal Information, withdraw your consent (which will not affect the lawfulness of processing prior to the withdrawal), or if you would like to request to receive a copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law), you may contact us in accordance with the instructions immediately below, or in accordance with the ‘
Contact Us’
section below. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed or whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular identifier (e.g., email address, device ID, advertising ID) that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion).
In the event your request relates to the following Services, you will need to contact the Developer directly as we do not process the Personal Information to which your request relates:
Unity Analytics
Please note: the Developer may have configured privacy settings within the app in order to permit you to: object to profiling, opt-out of further profiling, request deletion (erasure) of Personal Information, or request access to Personal Information.
2.
App Users viewing Unity Ads
Depending on your Developers implementation of privacy tools, you can access the Personal Information collected about your device on a per-app basis by clicking or tapping the Data Privacy icon
on the ad unit. By scrolling through the disclosure, you will either see a dynamically populated paragraph of plain text showing you the Personal Information related to your device from that app or you will see an option to click/tap a link within the text to see the data display. If you object to our maintaining this Personal Information or collecting future app-usage data, you may elect to opt-out of further collection and request deletion of historical data. Please note IP addresses may be maintained in logs for security of our system for our Services running on your device and may continue to be collected.
3.
Unity Player Sign-In
If you are a game player using Unity Player Sign-In and would like to exercise your Privacy Rights, please submit it
here
.
4.
Unity Rewards Offerwall
Developers should have an opt-out mechanism. Access and erasure requests can be submitted through
this webform
.
5. Unity Struckd
Users can delete their data from within the application. Users can submit access requests, please contact us in accordance with the ‘
Contact Us’
section below.
For ironSource Services
To exercise your rights for all ironSource Services, please see the relevant instructions in the ironSource
Privacy Policy
.
For the Tapjoy Offerwall
Please see the relevant instructions in the Tapjoy
Privacy Policy
.
For Services not listed
To exercise your rights for all other Services, please contact us in accordance with the instructions immediately above, or in accordance with the ‘
Contact Us’
section below.
For efficiency, please note the service your request is about.
9. Transfers out of Country of Collection
Unity has implemented and maintains a framework consistent with applicable law for transfers of Personal Information outside of the country of collection, including for transfers out of the UK and/or EEA.
Unity has implemented and maintains a framework consistent with applicable law for transfers of Personal Information outside of the country of collection, including for transfers out of the UK and/or EEA.
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have
facilities
, including
ironSource
which is headquartered in Israel, or in which we engage service providers, such as Google Cloud Platform and Looker, and by using the Services you understand that your Personal Information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
Where this will involve transferring your Personal Information outside the UK and/or EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
Adequacy Decisions:
Some non-EEA countries are recognized under the UK GDPR and by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available
here
). For example, we may transfer to our affiliates who are located around the world, including Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Republic of Korea, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.
Standard Contractual Clauses:
For transfers of Personal Information from the UK and/or EEA to third countries, which are not considered adequate under the UK GDPR and/or by the European Commission, we have put in place standard contractual clauses adopted under the UK GDPR and/or by the European Commission to protect your Personal Information. For example, we use Google Cloud Platform’s infrastructure and data centers which are located around the world, including the United States. We rely on both controller-controller and controller-processor Standard Contractual Clauses. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting us in accordance with the “
Contacting Us
” section below. “
UK GDPR
” has the meaning given to it in section 3(10) (as supplemented by section 205(4)) of the Data Protection Act 2018.
Japan
For transfers from Japan to countries other than the EEA/UK, we have put adequate measures in place to protect your Personal Information.
The transferees are obligated to comply with equivalent or comparable rules to those under the Act on the Protection of Personal Information of Japan (APPI) on a continuous basis, and we periodically confirm their compliance. We also periodically confirm any changes to the data privacy regulations of other countries that may affect the compliance measures taken by our overseas affiliates and third-party service providers and take measures such as requesting that they take corrective measures or suspending the provision of Personal Information if any issues arise in the implementation of such compliance measures. We will provide you with further information on the measures we take in this regard upon your request.
10. Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as is necessary or as permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law, for example, for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. The criteria to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Where a legal obligation arises or retention is advisable in light of our legal position, in some circumstances, we will retain certain Personal Information, even after your account has been deleted and/or we no longer provide the Services to you; for example:
To cooperate with law enforcement or public, regulatory and government authorities: If we receive a preservation order or search warrant, related to your Services account, we will preserve Personal Information subject to such order or warrant after you delete your Services account.
To comply with legal provisions on tax and accounting: We may retain your Personal Information after you delete your Personal Information, as required by tax law and to comply with bookkeeping requirements. Please note the length of time may vary by country.
For fraud and security purposes: We may retain your Personal Information for fraud/ security purposes such as IP address, User ID, Device ID, and unique app installation-specific ID, which can be used to investigate whether a specific device exhibits a pattern of abnormal app interaction behavior, which may indicate a malicious bot or fraudulent actor.
To pursue or defend a legal action: We may retain relevant Personal Information in the event of a legal claim or complaint, including regulatory investigations or legal proceedings about a claim related to your Personal Information, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation (whether in respect of our relationship with you or otherwise) after the dispute has been settled or decided by a court or tribunal from which there is no further right of appeal. The criteria for determining the length of time we will retain this information include:
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, if the settlement or decision requires us to keep the records for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
11. Security
We employ a variety of measures to safeguard the collection, transmission, and storage of the information we collect. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process, and store, and the current state of technology. Please note that no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Information breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the
“Contact Us”
section below
12. Biometric Information
Please note, Unity is a data processor for information uploaded through Safe Voice, which, depending on legal interpretation, may be considered biometric data. The following Section contains legal information which is only applicable under U.S. Law.
Your use of certain features may result in the collection of biometric information. Biometric information is any information based on an individual's biometric identifier used to identify an individual. Biometric information that may be collected depending on how you use Unity's products includes voice recordings. For example, if you are using Unity Safe Voice for in-app voice communication, that may be considered to be collecting biometric information under applicable laws.
We use commercially reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative methods designed to protect biometric information within our organization.
We retain biometric information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purposes stated in this policy, unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by applicable law. For more information on the criteria used to determine our retention periods, please see the "
Retention
" section in our Privacy Policy.
We will destroy or dispose of your biometric information as required by applicable law. For example, we may destroy electronic records of biometric information through such processes as overwriting magnetic media, degaussing, or physical destruction, and we may dispose of paper records by such processes as shredding or incineration.
Please note you may need to make your request for deletion through Unity’s customer as we may need our customer’s assistance to locate your account.
13. Unity Ads Privacy Features and Third Party Partners in Providing Advertising
Privacy Features
If Unity delivers personalized advertising through its ad network, Unity will provide notice and information about how you may be able to opt-out of such personalized advertisements. Please note that the limitations available to you are determined by the laws within your jurisdiction and the tools the Developer chooses to implement. Such an opportunity to opt out may occur through your device settings (see the section “Information and choices regarding tracking and targeting on mobile devices” in our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
and the choices available within the ad unit as described in this Policy by accessing the Data Privacy icon in the ad unit.
Developer Advertising Using Other Ad Networks
Developers may use other third-party advertising networks, and Unity’s choice features within its ad units only apply to ads delivered in the Unity network.
Please note that the Developer of the app showing Unity Ads may have limited choices in providing certain identifying information, including your device advertising ID, about you to our third-party partners advertising goods and services with Unity. You may still see ads from the partners listed below, but they will not be based on your Personal Information. Additionally, you may have opted-out of profiling in Unity’s ad network within a Unity Ad for your app, in which case we will only serve contextual ads from ourselves and these partners within your app. For all others, please review the following information:
Third Party Ad Network Partners
The following third-party partners may receive an ad request from Unity containing your Personal Information. This list may be updated from time to time. These partners use this information to build your profile and personalize your ad experience to serve future ads you may see on the internet as well as inside the Unity ad network. The privacy policies linked below provide you with information around the Personal Information that they have from all sources, including Unity, and your data protection rights under applicable law in relation to the processing of your Personal Information.
Aarki
,
AdColony
,
Adikteev
,
Admazing
,
AdMaxim
,
Admix
,
AdMixer
,
Adtiming
,
Advlion
,
Affle
,
AlgoBluesea
,
Algorix
,
Appier
,
Appreciate
,
apptimus
,
Beeswax
,
Bidease
,
Bidmachine
,
Bidmatrix
,
BidSwitch
,
Bigabid
,
BigoAds
,
Brave People LTD
,
Bucksense
,
Centro
,
Chartboost
,
Clearpier
,
Connekt Media
,
Criteo LLC
,
Dataseat Ltd
,
DiscoverTech
,
Eskimi,
GCMOB
,
Google
(Review the link to AdSettings),
Hybrid.Ai
,
Hyper LLC
,
IGNITE MEDIA
,
Illumin,
Index Exchange
,
InMobi
,
Jampp
,
Kayzen (fka Applift)
,
Kidoz
,
Lifestreet
,
Liftoff
,
LoopMe
,
Magnite
,
MediaMath
,
MeituEve
,
Mintegral
,
MobAvenue
,
Mobupps
,
Moloco
,
MoPub
,
OMS,
OpenX
,
Opera
,
Pangle
,
Persona.ly
,
Playdigo, Inc.
,
Pokkt
,
Pubmatic
,
Pubnative
,
Pubwise, PulsePoint, Inc.
,
Remerge
,
Rhebus,
RhythmOne
,
Rise
,
RTBHouse
,
Samsung,
Se7en
,
Smadex
,
Snap Inc
.,
Spotad
,
SuperAwesome
,
SVG
,
Telaria
,
Tencent
,
TheTradeDesk
,
TopOn
,
Unicorn
,
Vidazoo,
Webeye
,
Wildlife Studios
,
Wish
,
Wof
,
Xandr
,
Xapads
,
Yandex
,
YeahMobi
,
Youappi
and
Zmaticoo
.
Bidding Partners
In addition, Unity’s mediation product shares your Personal Information to the following bidding partners. This list may be updated from time to time. These partners use this information to build your profile and personalize your ad experience to serve future ads you may see on the internet as well as inside the Unity ad network. The privacy policies linked below provide you with information around the Personal Information that they have from all sources, including Unity, and your data protection rights under applicable law in relation to the processing of your Personal Information.
Adcolony
,
Applovin
,
Ironsource
,
Meta
,
Mintegral
,
Snap inc.
, and
Vungle
.
14. Cookie & Advertising Policy
We may collect Personal Information through the use of cookies and similar technologies. For more information on how Unity uses cookies, the types of cookies and other technologies used, and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie & Advertising Policy
To update your cookie preferences, please select "Cookie Settings" at the bottom of the web page or click the shield icon.
15. Sites and Services Operated by Others
The Unity Service may contain links to other sites, applications, and services. Because Unity does not operate those other sites, applications, and services, we cannot take responsibility for the privacy practices of the entities that operate them. We recommend that you consistently check privacy policies to understand an operator’s practices. As a reminder, this Privacy Policy describes Unity’s practices.
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
The Services may provide functionality allowing you to make payments to us using third-party payment services with which you have created your own account. When you use such a service to make a payment to us, your Personal Information will be collected by such a third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information.
In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
16. Other Useful Information
For more information on Unity's policies and other Legal Information, please see our
Legal Information
page.
17. Contact Us
Unity Technologies S.F., located at 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact), is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
.
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
18. Changes to this Privacy Policy
The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services.
We reserve the right to change our practices and this Policy at any time. We may also send an email or provide notice within some or all of our offerings when this Policy changes. We encourage you to check this page regularly so that you know what our current practices are.
19. Additional Information for Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, and Tennessee.
Collection, Disclosure, Sharing, and Sale of Personal Information
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia, Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, and Tennessee residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect. If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you depending on the applicable jurisdiction.
The following chart details which categories of Personal Information we collect and process, as well as which categories of Personal Information we disclose to third parties for our operational business purposes, including within the 12 months preceding the date this Privacy Policy was last updated. The chart also details the categories of Personal Information that we “sell” or “share” for purposes of cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising, including within the preceding 12 months. You may view our CCPA Transparency Report at
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-report
. This report provides details on our responses to requests to access, delete or opt-out under CCPA.
Identifiers, such as name, signature, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued ID numbers
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks
ad networks
Personal information as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, payment card number, financial information, medical information, insurance information, education information, employment information, and government-issued ID numbers
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; Asset Store Sellers; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
none
none
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex, age, race, disability, and marital status
affiliates; service providers; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
none
none
Commercial Information, such as transaction information and purchase history
affiliates; service providers; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
none
none
Biometric information, such as scans of hand and face geometry
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
none
none
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our Services
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks
ad networks
Geolocation Data, such as approximate location derived from IP address
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks
ad networks
Audio/Video Data. Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as call and video recordings
affiliates; service providers; marketing partners; legal authorities
none
none
Education Information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act such as student records, directory information
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
none
none
Employment Information. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
none
none
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences or characteristics
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks
ad networks
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers, such as name, signature, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued ID numbers
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
ad networks
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
ad networks
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Personal information as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, payment card number, financial information, medical information, insurance information, education information, employment information, and government-issued ID numbers
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; Asset Store Sellers; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
none
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
none
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex, age, race, disability, and marital status
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
none
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
none
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Commercial Information, such as transaction information and purchase history
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
none
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
none
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Biometric information, such as scans of hand and face geometry
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
none
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
none
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our Services
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
ad networks
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
ad networks
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Geolocation Data, such as approximate location derived from IP address
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
ad networks
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
ad networks
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Audio/Video Data. Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as call and video recordings
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; marketing partners; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
none
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
none
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Education Information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act such as student records, directory information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
none
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
none
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Employment Information. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
none
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
none
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences or characteristics
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
ad networks
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
ad networks
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Personal Information that reveals an individual’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, citizenship, immigration status, or union membership; the contents of mail, email, and text messages unless Unity is the intended recipient of the communication; genetic data;
The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual;
Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s health;
Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s sex life or sexual orientation;
Personal Information collected from a known child.
affiliates; service providers;  legal authorities
none
none
Sensitive Personal Information.
Sensitive Personal Information.
Personal Information that reveals an individual’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, citizenship, immigration status, or union membership; the contents of mail, email, and text messages unless Unity is the intended recipient of the communication; genetic data;
The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual;
Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s health;
Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s sex life or sexual orientation;
Personal Information collected from a known child.
affiliates; service providers;  legal authorities
none
none
Individual Requests
Subject to applicable law, you may make the following requests:
You may request to know whether we process your Personal Information, and to access such Personal Information.
If you are a California resident, you may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or sharing Personal Information about you;
The categories of Personal Information about you that we shared (as defined under the applicable privacy law) and the categories of third parties to whom we shared such Personal Information; and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise disclosed, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable).
You may request to correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information;
You may request to have your Personal Information deleted;
You may request to receive a copy of your Personal Information, including specific pieces of Personal Information, including, where applicable, to obtain a copy of the Personal Information you provided to us in a portable format;
You may request to opt out of the “sale” of your Personal Information; and
You may request to opt out of targeted advertising, including the “sharing” of your Personal Information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Please note that Unity has placed a
California Notice of Rights
on its website to explain how California residents may exercise their privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. This notice is incorporated into this policy.
We will not unlawfully discriminate against you for exercising your rights under applicable privacy law. To make a privacy request, please contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
or Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request. We may need to request additional Personal Information from you, such as your email or account information, such as email address/ device type/ device ID where applicable, in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests. If you make a request to delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your Personal Information.
To request to opt out of any future sale of your Personal Information, or to opt out of any future sharing of your Personal Information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising or any future processing for purposes of targeted advertising, click
here
:
We do not knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Appeal Process
If you are a Colorado, Virginia, Connecticut, Florida, Montana, Oregon, or Texas consumer, and we refuse to take action on your request, you may appeal our refusal within a reasonable period after you have received notice of the refusal. You may file an appeal by contacting us DPO@unity3d.com or Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
Authorized Agents
If an agent would like to make a request on your behalf as permitted under applicable law, the agent may use the submission methods noted in the section entitled “Individual Requests.” As part of our verification process, we may request that the agent provide, as applicable, proof concerning his or her status as an authorized agent. In addition, we may require that you verify your identity as described in the section entitled “Individual Requests” or confirm that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.
De-Identified Information
Where we maintain or use de-identified information, we will continue to maintain and use the de-identified information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the information.
Providing Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes
: California residents have the right to request the identity of any third parties to whom the resident’s Personal Information was provided, if such provision was to enable the third party’s direct marketing efforts. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request, please submit your request to DPO@unity3d.com. Alternatively, you may opt-out of having your personal information shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, by emailing us at DPO@unity3d.com.
How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals
: We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Services. Our cookie management tool on our website recognizes browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. To learn more about Do Not Track signals, you can visit allaboutdnt.com.
Removal of content
.
Pursuant to California Business & Professions Code section 22581, if you are a resident of California, under 18, and a registered user of the Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Services by writing to
DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user
​
Sub-policy 3
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences