Skip to content
Accessibility
Buy Tickets
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 2024
Table of Contents
Scope
This Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) applies to any and all information collected about you by Cavaliers Operating Company, LLC and its parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”, "we", "us", or "our"). This includes information collected by any means, including but not limited to, any website, mobile application, Rocket Arena Wi-Fi, or other online services that refers to or links to this Privacy Policy, as well as information collected by other business functions of the Company, such as through newsletter requests, online forms, games, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, ticket purchases, and purchases made through the Cavaliers Team Shop.
Information Covered by This Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Internet Technologies
Third Parties That Provide Content or Functionality on Our Services
Consent to International Transfer of Data
Collection of Information From Children
Your Choices & Access to Your Information
Information Security & Retention
How to Contact Us
Changes to This Privacy Policy in the Future
Your California Privacy Rights
Your European Privacy Rights
Residents of Canada
Residents of Germany
The Company recognizes that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to treat it responsibly. The Company operates the websites for Rocket Arena, Cleveland Monsters, and the team shop website for the Cleveland Cavaliers, Cleveland Monsters, Canton Charge, and Cavs Legion GC, known as the Cavaliers Team Shop.
This Privacy Policy explains the types of information that the Company collects about you; how we use, share, and protect this personal information; and the choices you can make about how we use and share this information. This Privacy Policy governs any and all information about you collected by the Company by any means, including but not limited to, websites, mobile applications, Rocket Arena Wi-Fi, and other online services that refer or link to this Privacy Policy, as well as information collected by other business functions of Company, such as through our newsletter requests, online forms, games, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, ticket purchases, and purchases made through the Cavaliers Team Shop (collectively, the “Services”).
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy carefully because anytime you use our Services, you consent to the practices we describe in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Services.
Information Covered by This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable to information collected about you by the Company. This includes information collected:
Through websites, mobile applications, Rocket Arena Wi-Fi, and other online services that refer or link to this Privacy Policy.
Through the other business functions of Company, such as through our newsletter requests, online forms, games, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, ticket purchases, and purchases made through the Cavaliers Team Shop.
Our Services may link to third-party websites and services that are outside our control. In addition, we may have relationships with non-Company entities that distribute Company products. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by such third parties. You should exercise caution and review the privacy statements applicable to such third parties.
Information We Collect
We may collect information about you and, if applicable, the computer or device you use to access our Services in a variety of ways:
You may provide us information directly.
We may collect information about you when you use our Services or view our online advertisements.
We may collect additional information about you in accordance with applicable law.
The manner of our collection and the type of information collected may vary by jurisdiction, for example, to accommodate local legal requirements.
Information you provide us directly
We collect information directly from you when you choose to register for our Services (for example, when you sign up for an account on
www.clevelandmonsters.com
), sign up for a newsletter, or otherwise provide information directly to us. The following are examples of information you may provide us directly:
Name.
E-mail address, physical address and/or zip code, and phone number.
Username or password.
Age or birthdate, gender, and other demographic information.
Other information about you, your family or others.
You can choose not to provide us with certain types of information, but doing so may affect your ability to use some of the Services.
Information we collect when you use our online Services or view our online advertisements
We use standard Internet technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about your computer or device and your online activity. The following are examples of the types of information that we may collect with these technologies:
Your browser type and operating system.
IP address, MAC address, and/or device ID.
Your browsing behavior on our Services, such as the amount of time spent viewing our online Services and the links you click within our online Services.
Location information drawn from your device GPS, bluetooth signal, and/or MAC address when you use location-enabled services and/or Rocket Arena WiFi.
Information to operationalize Cavs Rewards, such as transaction information including merchant name and address, items purchased, purchase date, and purchase amount.
Websites you visit before or after our websites.
Company e-mails you open and/or forward.
Company offers or links you connect to via e-mails.
Additional information we may collect about you
We may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources. In addition, we may collect other information you allow a third party to provide to us. For example, if you choose to access or use a social networking service, we may receive and store information that you allow us to receive through those services.
We also may collect other information about you, your device, or your use of the Services in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.
All of the information we collect about you may be combined to help us enhance and improve our products and services and tailor our communications to you.
Use of Information
We may use the information we collect about you:
To provide you with services, events, merchandise, or other materials you request.
To communicate with you about our services, events, and promotions.
To facilitate, operationalize, support and improve our loyalty programs, such as Cavs Rewards.
To customize your experience with our Services, including by providing you with relevant advertising on our websites and elsewhere.
To manage and improve our products, Services and offerings, including analyzing the use of our products and services, and determining the effectiveness of our advertising.
To protect the security and integrity of our Services.
To enforce our legal rights.
Otherwise with your consent.
Sharing of Information
Company may disclose your information in the following circumstances:
Affiliates.
We may share information within the Company among our various businesses, including, for example, to provide you with our service, events, and merchandise improvements.
Service Providers.
We rely on third-party service providers to perform a variety of contractual services on our behalf. To do so, we may need to share your information with them. For example, we have engaged
Air Drops Labs Inc. (dba Uptop) to operationalize Cavs Rewards and YinzCam, Inc. in connection with the development and operation of the Cleveland Cavaliers mobile application, and we may rely on other service providers on multiple platforms to assist with ticket purchase requests, process your payment information, send e-mails on our behalf, and analyze data to improve our events and services.
Select Partners.
From time to time we might establish a business relationship with entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners. In such cases, we may share information about you that will enable such entities to contact you regarding products, services, or future entertainment events that may be of interest to you.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services.
There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties:
To comply with the law or respond to legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity.
To prevent fraud or verify and enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services.
Where permitted by law, to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or employees.
Other Parties In Connection With A Corporate Transaction.
We may disclose your information to a third party in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of a business or our assets to a third party, such as in connection with a merger or in the event of a bankruptcy reorganization or liquidation.
Other Parties With Your Consent At Your Direction.
In addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when you consent to or request such sharing.
Aggregated and Non-Personal Information.
We also may share data that is not linkable to a particular consumer or device (for example, information that has been aggregated with other records) for general business purposes. For example, we may disclose the number of visitors to our websites or other Services.
Notice of Financial Incentive & Cavs Rewards
Cavs Rewards is one way in which we endeavor to reward and thank loyal fans for supporting the Cleveland Cavaliers and for making purchases from us and our Select Partners. Cavs Rewards members opt in by signing up for Rewards online or through the Cavs App and are able to earn and accumulate “Points” that can be redeemed for Rewards benefits at
https://www.cavsrewards.com/rewards
. If you would like to become a Cavs Rewards member, please see the Cavs Rewards Terms of Use available at
https://www.nba.com/cavaliers/fans/rewards-terms-of-use
.
We collect and use the categories of personal information described in the “Information We Collect” section, including information you voluntarily provide us (such as your name and email), information we collect automatically, and information from other sources to operate the Cavs Rewards loyalty program, including to send you promotions, content, and special offers and the other uses described in this Policy. We work with many service providers and business partners to offer the benefits of our Cavs Rewards loyalty program. You can learn about the business partners with whom we share your information by referring to the “Sharing of Information” section. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails at any time by adjusting your online account settings, or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included within any promotional emails we send you. Participation in Cavs Rewards is voluntary, and you may withdraw from the Cavs Rewards loyalty program by requesting deletion of your information by emailing us at DataPrivacy@cavs.com or calling us at (216) 420-2460. Please note that by withdrawing from Cavs Rewards, you will no longer have access to your Cavs Rewards account, but you can otherwise continue to use the Cavs app. All Points and Rewards you have earned until the time of withdrawal will no longer be available. As previously shared, to communicate and provide services to you through the Cavs Rewards loyalty program, we need to use your personal information. Therefore, if you choose to delete your personal information from the Cavs Rewards loyalty program, we can no longer provide you with services through this loyalty program. Based on our reasonable and good faith estimate, we and our Select Partners receive value from Cavs Rewards in increased customer loyalty and patronage, though any value will vary by Cavs Rewards member depending on purchases made, which offers a member takes advantage of, and many other factors.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Internet Technologies
We, as well as certain third parties that provide content and other functionality in connection with our Services, may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies on our online Services. Click here for more information about cookies, web beacons, and other Internet technologies. If you are a U.S. user, click here for information about Do-Not-Track signals and similar mechanisms.
Third Parties That Provide Content or Functionality on Our Services
Some of the content and functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. For example, we have partnered with YinzCam, Inc. for the development and operation of the Cleveland Cavaliers mobile application. YinzCam may collect certain information about you through your use of the Cleveland Cavaliers mobile application, including, without limitation, your name, email address, device information and location-based information. You can find out more about Yinzcam's privacy and data security practices and how they collect, use and disclose your information by
clicking here to access the YinzCam Mobile App Privacy Policy
.
We also enable you to share certain materials on our websites through social networking services, such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Third-party advertisers also may have a presence on some of our sites. These third parties may collect or receive certain information about your use of our Services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons, and Internet technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected across different websites and online services.
Consent to International Transfer of Data
Company and its service providers may collect, transfer, store and process your information outside of your country of residence, including to the United States. Please note that other countries’ data protection and other laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By providing us with your information or using any Service, you consent to the transfer and processing of your information outside your country of residence.
Collection of Information From Children
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
Your Choices & Access to Your Information
Choices.
Where permitted by law, we may send you offers or promotions. However, we give you choices about how we communicate with you.
E-Mail:
If you no longer wish to continue receiving commercial emails from a particular Company Website, you may follow the instructions contained in any such message. You may also contact us at
contactus@cavs.com
for information about how to remove yourself from any of our mailing lists.
Postal mail:
You may contact us at
contactus@cavs.com
to remove yourself from our mailing lists.
Please note that, despite your opt-out selections, where permitted by applicable laws, we may send you communications regarding transactions or services you have specifically requested or to inform you of important changes to our Services, products, or policies. If you have multiple accounts, you may need to opt-out separately for each account in connection with the privacy choices described above.
Access to Your Information. The accuracy of your information is important to us. Many Company online programs allow you to view or update your information online. Check the program you registered with to learn if you can view or update your information online. If information access and correction is not available where you registered and you would like to make a request to access, correct, or delete your information or otherwise object to our processing of such information, please contact us at
contactus@cavs.com
. We will respond to reasonable requests in accordance with applicable law and subject to legal and contractual restrictions.
Information Security & Retention
We have in place various procedures to safeguard your information, including technical, administrative and physical procedures intended to keep your information secure. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
In addition, we take reasonable steps to ensure that we retain personal information about you only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, or as required under any contract or by applicable law.
How To Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact Company. You may contact us by e-mail at
contactus@cavs.com
. In addition, you may contact us at the following address:
How to Contact Us
Mail: Customer Service
Cavaliers Operating Company, LLC
1 Center Court
Cleveland, Ohio 44115
E-mail:
contactus@cavs.com
Phone: (800) 820-CAVS
Changes to This Privacy Policy in the Future
Privacy laws and guidelines are part of a constantly changing environment. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current privacy practices, although we may also elect to notify you by e-mail or by posting something on some or all of our online services. Your continued use of our Services following any changes signifies your acceptance of these changes.
Hyperlinks
Cookies, web beacons, and other Internet technologies
We, as well as certain third parties that provide content and other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, web beacons and other Internet technologies on our online Services. This section provides you with more detail about these technologies.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that may be stored on your computer or other device. A cookie enables the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognize it across different websites, services, devices, and browsing sessions.
When you use a web browser to access the Services, you may configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. Click the “Help” menu of your browser to learn more about how to change your cookie preferences. The operating system of your device may contain additional controls for cookies. Please note that disabling cookies may affect your ability to access and use certain features of the Services.
Web Beacons
Web beacons and similar technologies are small bits of code, which are embedded in web pages, ads, and e-mail, that communicate with third parties. We may use web beacons, for example, to count the number of users who have visited a particular web page, to deliver or communicate with cookies, and to understand usage patterns. We also may include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Other Technologies
There are other local storage and Internet technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage, that operate similarly to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences across different services and sessions. Please note that these technologies are distinct from cookies, and you may not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings. For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Flash cookies, please
click here
.
How We Use These Technologies
Our websites use these technologies for the following general purposes:
Administering and improving our Services, including helping us measure and research the effectiveness of our content, features, advertisements, and other communications. For example, we measure which pages and features website visitors are accessing and how much time they are spending on our web pages. We may include web beacons in e-mails, for example, to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Storing your sign-in credentials and preferences so that you don’t have to enter those credentials and preferences each time you log on to a Service.
Helping us and third parties provide you with relevant content and advertising by collecting information about your use of our Services and other websites.
Please see “How We Use Your Information” for details about how we use the information that we collect. By continuing to use the Company websites and online services, you consent to our use of cookies, web beacons, and other Internet technologies as described above.
Jurisdiction-Specific Disclosures
Your California Privacy Rights
Canada
Germany
Your California Privacy Rights
This section supplements this Privacy Policy with additional information for California residents only.  As noted above, we collect information that you provide us directly, information about you when you use our Services or view our online advertisements, and information about you in accordance with applicable law. In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have the right to request that we disclose the following information about our collection and use of your personal information over the twelve months prior to your request:
The categories of personal information we collect about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collect about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information collected about you;
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of personal information we have disclosed in the prior twelve months; and
If we sold your personal information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of personal information we have sold in the prior twelve months.
You also have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information. In some circumstances we may not be able to honor your request for deletion – for example, if we need to hold on to your personal information to protect the security or functionality of our operations, to service your account, or to comply with legal obligations.
To ask for a record of the personal information we hold about you, or to ask us to delete your personal information, please email us at
DataPrivacy@cavs.com
or call us at (216) 420-2460. If you would like to submit a request to any third party operator of any of the Services, please email us at
DataPrivacy@cavs.com
for a list of such third party operators and then navigate to the applicable third party operator’s website, where you can submit your request. You must provide enough information that we can verify who you are and that you are a California resident. We will only use personal information provided in a request to verify the requester’s identity and authority to make the request.
You also have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information at any time. We have sold (as such term is broadly construed under the CCPA) the following categories of personal information within the last twelve months: personal identifiers, commercial information, Internet/other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, characteristics of protected classifications, and inferences drawn from this information. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may submit a request to us by email at
DataPrivacy@cavs.com
.
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to make any of these requests under the CCPA on your behalf. We will not deny services, charge different prices, offer a different quality of service, or otherwise discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Your European Privacy Rights
We adhere to applicable data protection laws in the European Union (“EU”).  In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), users who are located in the EU have the following rights:
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent for future processing of that data.
The right to request from us, a “data controller” as defined under the GDPR, access to and rectification of your personal data.
Subject to limitations as provided for in the GDPR, the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Subject to limitations as provided for in the GDPR, the right to request erasure of your personal data.
You may contact us at
DataPrivacy@cavs.com
, (216) 420-2460, or by using any of the methods
described in the
How to Contact Us
section of this Privacy Policy.
Residents of Canada
Canadian residents are hereby notified that Company and its service providers may process and store your personal information outside of Canada, including in the United States, and such data may be subject to disclosure to authorized law enforcement, local courts, and national security authorities pursuant to applicable local laws and legal process. You may contact Company with questions about our privacy practices, including to receive information regarding our policies and procedures with respect to service providers outside of your jurisdiction.
You are further notified that if you refuse to consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services you request. Subject to legal and contractual restrictions, you may withdraw your consent to our further collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at any time by giving us reasonable notice. You may not be permitted to withdraw your consent to certain necessary collections, uses and disclosures of your information (such as maintaining reasonable business and transaction records).
We may establish and maintain a file of your personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, which will be accessible at
http://www.nba.com/cavaliers/profile
. Our authorized employees, agents and mandataries will have access to your information as required to fulfill their obligations to us.
Residents of Germany
Our services may use web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, which are provided by Google, Inc. and other third party providers. These services use "cookies" to help analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by these providers, including outside the EU in third countries such as the United States which might not have data protection and other laws that are as comprehensive as those in your country.
If your IP address is not truncated through IP-anonymization, then the full IP address may be transferred to third party providers’ non-EU servers. These providers may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. You may refuse the use of cookies as described elsewhere in this policy, and some providers offer you the ability to prevent the collection and processing of data generated by cookies and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing a Browser-Plugin.
Top
View Previous
View Next
Cancel
Close
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.yinzcam.com/privacy-policy/:
0
MOBILE APP PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was updated on May 25, 2018 to ensure compliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This Privacy Policy is available free of charge.
Please take a moment to read and understand this Privacy Policy and contact us with any questions.
When this privacy policy uses the term “personally identifiable information” or “personal information,” we mean information that identifies a particular individual, such as your full name, email address, twitter user account name. When other information, such as a favorite player or your seat location, is associated with personal information, it also becomes personally identifiable information for the purposes of this privacy policy.
DATA COLLECTION
In the course of providing services to you through the functionality of the App, we may collect and process data, including personal information, in the capacity of a Processor as defined in the GDPR, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below. Also, certain third-party features accessible from within the App, such as social media and ticketing features, may result in data collection by those respective third parties. You are encouraged to consult the privacy policies of such third parties to become familiar with their data collection practices.
TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED
Information You Provide Us: In order to take advantage of some of the App’s features (including, but not limited to: Contests, Food and Beverage Maps), we may ask you to explicitly provide us with certain information (including, but not limited to: your name, email address, seat location in the stadium). Personal information that you provide to us for such features may be collected via the App.
App Usage Information: We may receive and store certain types of information (such as the number of requests for a specific data item) whenever you use the App.
Location Information: To provide location-based services, we may collect and use precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device.
LAWFUL BASIS TO COLLECT AND PROCESS INFORMATION
We only collect and process data, including personal information, with your express consent by your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy.
HOW INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED
Registration: You may be asked first to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information, in order to take advantage of certain features the App may choose to offer, including, but not limited to, Contests, Food and Beverage Maps, Twitter. Participation in registration is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the app.
Contests: We may operate Contests through the App, which may require registration. Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes. We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the app, such as on a winners’ page, in the event you win a Contest. We will not post your information without your permission. In some instances, a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a Contest on the App, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the operator or host of the Contest, we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser’s or sponsor’s privacy policy applicable to the Contest before participating.
Surveys or Polls: On occasion, we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to take part in a survey/poll.
IP Addresses and Click-stream Data: We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors. Our computers identify your mobile device by its IP address. When you request data from the App, our computers log your IP address. Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request data using the App. Click-stream data may include such information as the data served, the time, the source of the request, the type of mobile device making the request, the preceding page view and other such non-personal information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the App, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising, and the like.
Location-Based Services: To provide location-based services, we may collect and use precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. Where available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, IP Address, crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, high-frequency or inaudible beacon, and other technologies to determine the location of your device.
Single Sign-On: The App may offer Single Sign-On (SSO) capability, conveniently enabling users to connect with multiple features (including third-party features, such as social and ticketing) from within the App using a single username and password, without having to create multiple accounts.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
As applicable, the information you provide to us may be used to:
Contact you about the App;
Monitor or improve the use of the App;
Customize the advertising and content you see;
Inform you of a prize you have won;
Provide location-based information and services.
DURATION OF INFORMATION RETENTION
Once collected, we may retain information for the duration of your use of the App. We will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as otherwise required by applicable laws or regulations.
WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED
At times, we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes. The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others. Except as expressly set forth below, we do not share, sell, rent or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information such as demographics and usage statistics with the team, advertisers, sponsors or other organizations. When this type of information is shared, the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information.
Partners Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may share your information (including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) with our subsidiaries and affiliates. If you do not want us to share your information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, you may tell us by sending an email to privacy@yinzcam.com with your request.
Business Transfers: In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer.
Legal Process: In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena, court order or legal process, which may be without notice to you.
Transfers Outside European Economic Area:  Our servers are located in the United States and Australia. If you are a resident of the European Union or its individual member states, your information may be transferred outside the European Economic Area in the ways, and for the purposes, described herein. In all cases and for all users, we implement and follow safeguards to protect your information, including data encryption both in transit and at rest.
QUESTIONS, CONCERNS, COMPLAINTS AND REMOVAL REQUESTS
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Privacy Policy or the use of information described in this Policy, or to request removal and deletion of your personal information, please contact:
Data Protection Officer
YinzCam
6024 Broad Street
Pittsburgh, PA 15206
DataProtectionOfficer@yinzcam.com
SOCIAL MEDIA
The App may make third-party social-media features (Twitter, Facebook) available to its users. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a social-media feature. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
This privacy policy applies only to this App. When you are on the App you could be directed to other sites beyond our control. For example, if you “click” on a banner advertisement, the “click” may take you off the App onto a different Web site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and others that may use the App’s name as part of a co-branding agreement. These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you, independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. If you visit a Website that is linked to our App, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
SECURITY
This App and the computers that supply data to the App incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES TO THE POLICY
By using this App, you signify your agreement to the terms of our privacy policy. We may amend this privacy policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notification on the App.
EU USER RIGHTS
As of May 25, 2018, any user who is a resident of the European Union or its individual member states has the rights and protections set forth in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our collection, processing and use of information will comply with the GDPR, including Articles 13 and 14 thereof. You have specific rights under the GDPR, including a right to access your personal data, to object to the processing of your personal data, and to rectify, erase, and export your personal data. You also have the right to object to the use of personal data for direct marketing. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to the collection and processing of your data. If you have any objections to the collection or processing of your information, and you are unable to resolve those objections with us directly by contacting our Data Protection Officer at the address indicated above, you have the right to file your complaint with the relevant data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
A California privacy law that went into effect on January 1, 2005, allows California residents to obtain specific information about a business’s privacy practices if it shares information with other companies for those companies’ direct marketing purposes.
As explained in this privacy policy, whenever you agree to let us collect personal information about you, we will always provide you with an option to prevent this information from being shared for non-administrative purposes with third parties. You can exercise this option at any time by following the steps outlined above.
If you are a California resident and have questions about our compliance with this law, please send an email to privacy@yinzcam.com or write to us at 6024 Broad Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15206 Attn: Website Privacy Policy/CA Privacy Rights.
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Website, contact privacy@yinzcam.com or write to us at: 6024 Broad Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15206 Attn: Website Privacy Policy.
Last updated on May 25, 2018.
­
­