Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Dated
March 7, 2017
Terms Of Use
By downloading or using the
app, these terms will automatically apply to you – please read them carefully
before using the app.
We are offering you this
app to use for your own personal use without cost, but the app itself, and all
trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights
related to it, still belong to the provider Company. In particular, all content
including images and videos in the app are the property of the Company and you
may not reproduce such content in any form.
You should be aware that
you cannot send it on to anyone else, and you’re not allowed to copy, translate
or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You also
may not attempt to extract the source code of the app.
The Company is committed to
ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason,
we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services,
at any time and for any reason. You agree that we may access, store and use any
information that you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy
below..
We do not accept any
liability for any injuries, damage or losses you may incur as a result of your
use of the app.
We recommend that you do
not jailbreak or root your phone. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious
programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that our
app won’t work properly or at all.
We offer the app to you
as-is and we are not responsible for the app not working at full functionality.
If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that
your terms of agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a
result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the
duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party
charges.
In using the app, you’re
accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges
if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country)
without turning off data roaming.
We may update the app at
any point in time. The app is currently available on Android and/or iOS – the
requirements for both systems may change, and you’ll need to download the
updates if you want to keep using the app.
The Company does not
promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or
works with the iOS/Android version that you have installed on your device.
We may also wish to stop
providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice
of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a)
the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must
stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
Privacy Policy
What information does the
Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the
information you provide when you download and use the application.
When you use or register an
account on the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address,
age, user name, password and other registration information; (b)
transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to
any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you
provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for
purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our
system when using the Application, such as contact information and other
Application related information.
We use the information you provided us if the application require it to its proper functioning. Also we use the information to generate statistics, always with anonymized data.
Automatically Collected
Information
In addition, the
Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not
limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device
ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the
type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use
the Application.
Does the Application
collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not
collect precise information about the location of your mobile device, except in
cases where precise real-time information are required for proper functioning of
the app.
Do third parties see and/or
have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized
data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the
Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties
only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User
Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
+
as
required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
+
when
we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights,
protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a
government request;
+
with
our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent
use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the
rules set forth in this privacy statement.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection
of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You
may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your
mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy,
Managing Your Information
We will retain User
Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter.
We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and
thereafter may store it in aggregate. Please note that some or all of the User
Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function
properly.
Security
We are concerned about
safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic,
and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For
example, we limit Access to this information to authorized employees and
contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or
improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable
security for information we process and maintain, no security
system can prevent all
potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be
updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you
of
any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and
informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this
Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval
of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application,
you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy
Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a
computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way,
including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining
and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in Spain.
If you reside outside Spain your information will be transferred, processed and
stored there under Spain privacy standards.