Thank you for playing an Imangi Studios (“Imangi”, “we”, or “us”) game! Your privacy is important to us and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This Privacy Policy describes what information Imangi collects when you use our products. By using our products, you consent to this policy. This policy may change from time to time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Imangi’s products signifies your acceptance of changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Back to Top
The information we collect depends on what products you use and how you use them. The controller of the personal information collected is:
Imangi Studios LLC
4601 Six Forks Road
Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609.
A. Information You Give Us Directly
Back to Top
We collect information you provide us, including:
Information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, email address, and records of the issues you experience;
Information you provide when applying for a playtesting role or a position with Imangi;
Information you provide when completing a customer survey; and
Information you provide to enter a contest or sweepstakes. If you win, we may need to collect your social security number, postal address and/or national identification for eligibility, prizes delivery and tax purposes.
When you participate in social features through a Social Media Site, the information you disclose is public information. We may store and access it, and it may be read, copied, collected, or used by other users without your consent. Please make sure your privacy settings on the Social Media Sites you use reflect your preferences.
When you participate in online leaderboard components of our products, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics may be visible to all.
B. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Products
Back to Top
We collect other information automatically when you use our products, including:
IP address;
Mobile and other hardware or device identifiers or the advertising identifier;
Browser information, including your browser type and the language you prefer;
Referring and exit pages, including landing pages and pages viewed;
Platform type;
Your location, down to the resolution of city;
Information about your media, device, hardware and software, such as your hardware settings and components;
Details about what Imangi products you use and your use of them; and
Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs and system activity details (e.g. whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access).
We may also collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage and application data caches.
To comply with local laws, we may need to collect your IP address to help us determine your country of residence. In that case, your IP address may be sent to a server that we control, for evaluation purposes, but will not be stored or further processed. We also use your device settings to determine the country where you are located as a way to respect privacy laws specific to your location. We do not collect your precise location, at a level more granular than your city, without your explicit consent.
C. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
Back to Top
If you play or purchase our games or in-app purchases on your mobile device and/or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information may include your username and/or device identification number and the fact that you made a purchase, for instance, but does not include any sensitive or financial information. Some of our mobile platforms also may send information to us that you authorize them to provide, through systems such as Google Play Services or Apple Game Center.
We may receive information from third parties, like Facebook or other Social Media Sites, when you use these services in connection with our products. We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us. We also may receive information from third parties to supplement the information we receive from you. We use information from these companies primarily to help us deliver relevant advertising to you. A representative list of these types of third parties can be found below. We also may use information from third parties, for instance, to help us understand your approximate geolocation via your IP address for tax purposes, or to customize certain services to your location, and for fraud and/or abuse prevention purposes.
2. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Back to Top
We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly, such as via an online form or when you communicate with our customer support team. We and third parties also use certain technologies, described below, to deliver positive customer experiences.
Our products change over time and those changes are reflected in new versions that are available to download from the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, and other official stores. Imangi recommends that you always use the latest version of our products to guarantee you have the most secure, privacy-oriented, and engaging experience possible.
For Temple Run, versions older than 1.7.0 (late May 2018) may not provide all of the privacy protections discussed in this document. Please update if you are using a version from before May 2018. You can find the version number on the Stats screen.
For Temple Run 2, versions older than 1.48.0 (late May 2018) may not provide all of the privacy protections discussed in this document. Please update if you are using a version from before May 2018. You can find the version number on the Settings screen.
Unsupported Imangi products may not provide all of the privacy protections discussed in this document. Your continued use of them indicates that you understand that your data may be collected by Imangi and third party partners and that you consent to that collection.
Imangi cannot guarantee the integrity of versions of products that are installed from unofficial channels and does not support, provide customer support, or provide privacy guarantees for those unofficial versions. If you are using a version of one of our products that was installed from an unofficial channel or is no longer supported, we encourage you to remove it from your device as soon as possible and install an officially distributed version.
A. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Back to Top
We use cookies and similar technologies to help us understand things like what web pages, features, or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising, make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly and otherwise enhance your user experience. We use other technologies for similar purposes as a cookie, such as web beacons, pixels and other similar technologies. Your Internet web browser enables you to opt out of tracking with cookies. Please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
or the documentation for your individual web browser if you would like to learn more about managing your cookie preferences.
We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our products, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud, and to enforce our Privacy Policy. Our legal basis for this collection and processing is to protect our legitimate business interests and therefore we do not seek consent to collect your information for these purposes. You may contact
privacy@imangistudios.com
if you have additional questions about these use cases.
B. Analytics Technologies
Back to Top
We use our own game servers and internal and third party analytic technologies to collect information about how you use our products, your computer or device and the health of our products.
For example, Imangi may collect and store data from your device when you use our products. This information includes technical and related information about your computer or device and operating system (such as IP address and device ID), information about your feature usage, gameplay and usage statistics and system interactions. If you play a game offline, this data will be stored on your device and may be transmitted to Imangi when your device connects to the Internet. If you participate in online components of our games, such as leaderboards, Imangi may also collect, use, store, transmit, and publicly display statistical data regarding game scores and achievements.
Third party analytics services integrated into our products may combine the information they collect in connection with Imangi’s services with information they have independently collected over time and across different websites and applications. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. A list of the third party analytics companies that operate in our products can be found in the Appendix below.
C. Ad Serving Technologies
Back to Top
Our products may employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other similar technologies like identifiers to deliver offers to you. Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different mobile apps, devices, and websites. The ads can be tailored to your interests. This is called interest-based advertising. For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a product we think you might enjoy. Or if you express interest in a game, you might receive an advertisement later for that game or similar products in Imangi games or in different mobile applications or on websites. Other in-game advertising technologies enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded to your mobile device or web browser and later replaced while you are online.
These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate advertising to you and help track results and measure effectiveness. In addition to device advertising identifiers, this information includes:
Advertisements served and the location of the ad;
Length of time an advertisement was visible;
Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement; and
Advertisement response.
Third party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the context of delivering an ad to you via our products with other information they have independently collected over time and across different products, websites, and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. A list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks in our games as well as how to opt out can be found below.
To learn more about some of these ad networks’ practices, see the Your Choices and Controls section below and read their privacy policies, linked in the Appendix below.
European Economic Area only. Prior to being shown ads in Imangi products, you will be asked whether you consent to the tracking that enables personalized ads. You have the right to change your consent status at any point in time. If you have questions about how to change your consent status or to inquire regarding your rights to erasure or data portability, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@imangistudios.com
.
California only. Prior to being shown ads in Imangi products, you will be asked to verify whether you are over the age of 16. If you are not, you will be asked whether you consent to the tracking that enables personalized ads. You have the right to change your consent status at any point in time. If you have questions about how to change your consent status or to inquire regarding your rights to erasure or data portability, please contact our privacy team at privacy@imangistudios.com.
D. Fraud Prevention Technologies
Back to Top
When you use an Imangi product, we or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies, or collect data about your machine or device, for fraud prevention, security, and authentication purposes. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your information for these purposes, without your consent, is that we consider them vital to protecting our legitimate business interests.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Back to Top
We use your personal and non-personal information, both individually and in aggregate, in the following ways:
To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience, including to:
Operate, improve, and develop our games and services;
Populate online leaderboards and enable online challenges;
Help you find your friends or tell your friends about an Imangi product;
Facilitate sharing on social networks;
Serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising;
Measure the health of our services;
Provide game experiences customized to your preferences;
Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices, when available;
Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors;
Provide software updates;
Save game progress and stats;
Adhere to your preferences and to deliver dynamic content; and
Help keep our services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies.
To provide you support, including to:
Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or games;
To survey your opinions through surveys or questionnaires;
Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and
Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your products.
To personalize our communications with you, including to:
Present offers or information relating to games you might like;
Make recommendations to you; and
Personalize advertising for you and deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers.
4. HOW WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION
Back to Top
Imangi uses analytics services to understand how users engage with our products. Our analysis relies on your consistent device identifier, or identifier for vendor (IDFV) on Apple devices, so that we can track your behavior over time and develop an understanding of how you prefer to interact with our products. If you have more than one Imangi product installed on your device, those products may share the same identifier value. This enables us to develop an understanding of how you engage with all of the Imangi products you have installed. The identifier value is provided to Imangi through the operating system on your device. In the course of processing your data, we may do any of the following:
Analyze your behavior in our products over time;
Analyze your behavior in aggregate;
Combine your information with the information of other players to create anonymized aggregate reports that allow us to understand large-scale behavior trends;
Analyze your information to understand how well our products perform on your device or to investigate bugs, crashes, and other technical issues;
Combine your information with the information of other players to create customer segments based on behavior in our products or location-based behavior;
Use analysis of your behavior in our products to provide you with customized gameplay experiences;
Use your device identifier to enroll you in an A/B test. An A/B test is a type of simple behavioral experiment wherein groups of users are provided with slightly different experiences in our products so that we can research and analyze which of the experiences is the most compelling to users of our products; and
Analyze your behavior in the context of an A/B test.
European Economic Area (EEA) Only:
Per requirements under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we log your consent state for compliance purposes. This information is stored on servers hosted in the EU and is used solely for GDPR compliance. Your device identifier is stored along with your consent status. If you consent to personalized advertising, your device advertising identifier also is stored in case we need to be able to access it to assist you with data portability or erasure requests. Your device advertising identifier is not stored in our consent logging database if you do not consent to personalized advertising.
5. INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES
Back to Top
We do not share personal information that directly identifies you (such as your name, email, or postal address) with independent third parties without your consent, unless it is required by law or we determine that disclosure is critical to protect our rights, property, or operations or to protect our players or third parties. We may share anonymous (including pseudonymous identifiers) or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you, with third parties, for instance your persona on leaderboards or to show trends about use of our products.
If you contact us via
support@imangistudios.com
or
privacy@imangistudios.com
your email will be processed through Google’s G Suite email service and forwarded to Zendesk for further processing.
We employ third parties located in and outside of your country of residence (including outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)) to collect or process personal information on our behalf for various reasons, such as conducting market surveys or analyzing gameplay event data. When our third party agents or service providers collect or receive personal information, we require that they use the data only on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy.
However, in the event of a reorganization, divestiture, merger, sale or bankruptcy, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third party and will obtain your consent to do so if required by law.
We do not control information sent from your browser to third parties, such as advertising networks and analytics companies that receive information in the normal course of your Internet activity. When third party technologies or social tools are integrated into our products, those third parties may collect information when you use our products. An example is the Facebook “Like” button.
European Economic Area (EEA) Only:
We use your device settings and SIM card registered country to determine whether we believe you are located in the EEA. That processing is done on your device.
If your device indicates that you are located in the EEA:
We prompt you for your age to determine whether you are old enough to lawfully consent to tracking of your device identifier and advertising identifier; and
If you are of legal age to consent in your country of residence, we prompt you for consent to serve personalized advertising.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Back to Top
Personal information we collect may be stored and processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy in the United States or any other country in which Imangi, its business partners, or third party agents operate. By using our products, you consent that your personal information may be transferred to recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Back to Top
We have put in place reasonable controls designed to help safeguard the personal information we collect via our products. However, no security measures are perfect and we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will never be accessed or used in an unauthorized way.
8. AGE GUIDELINES AND CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Back to Top
Protecting children’s privacy is extremely important to us. We also encourage parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experiences at all times.
Imangi’s products are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) under 16 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access Imangi’s products. Additional age-based privacy information specific to California residents is set forth below in the Privacy Notice for California residents. If you believe Imangi has inadvertently collected information about your child, please contact us (information below) so we can promptly remove the information.
9. DATA RETENTION
Back to Top
Imangi has a policy of retaining information we collect for a period of up to 180 days. During the period when we hold Information, we may transform and aggregate it such that it no longer is personally identifiable. We may retain the de-identified aggregate data products for more than the retention period to support business critical needs.
Uninstalling Imangi applications from your devices does not cause the data that we possess to be deleted. It remains subject to the same data retention and expiration policies.
10. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING (EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ONLY)
Back to Top
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where: (i) we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver a service you have requested), or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms). In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests which are not already described in this Privacy Policy, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
A. Technical and usage Information
Back to Top
Imangi may collect in-game technical or usage data or gameplay analytics for players. Note that Google Play Services, Apple Game Center, and other platform-level services may also collect gameplay analytics if you are located within the EEA. Please see your device-level settings for more information about how to disable those services. Imangi considers any data specific to your use of our apps that is collected or processed by Imangi or through Google Play Services or Apple Game Center to be in our legitimate business interests.
B. Advertising networks
Back to Top
Imangi works with advertising partners that may collect information from you as part of their process of serving advertisements in our products. This is described above in the section “Ad Serving Technologies.” In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Imangi’s advertising partners in the European Economic Area  function as independent data controllers and processors. Prior to showing you personalized advertisements, you will be asked whether you consent to sharing your information with the advertising company. If you are a resident of an EEA country and indicate that you are below the age of 16, you will be served non-personalized ads and the advertising companies will not collect personal information from you.
C. Right to erasure
Back to Top
Under the GDPR you have a right to have Imangi and our third party partners erase the personal information we have collected from you without undue delay.
D. Right to portability
Back to Top
Under the GDPR you have a right to request a copy of the personal data Imangi and our third party partners have collected from you.
E. Right to withdraw consent
Back to Top
Where we rely on your consent to process the personal information, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To change your consent status, please visit the following screen in the product you are playing:
Temple Run: Options
Temple Run 2: Settings
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@imangistudios.com
or Imangi Studios LLC, 4601 Six Forks Road Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609 USA.
F. Right to object
Back to Top
Under the GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data. If you wish to object to the processing of your data, please contact us at
privacy@imangistudios.com
or Imangi Studios LLC, 4601 Six Forks Road Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609 USA.
11. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Back to Top
This Privacy Notice for California Residents applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We may use reasonable proxies, such as time zone or other data where we do not know the state of residence of a person, to determine whether a user is a California Resident – we do not ask users of our games for their address or state of residence. We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Where noted in this Notice, the CCPA temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (“B2B personal information”) from some its requirements.
A. Information We Collect
Back to Top
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”).
Personal information does not include:
publicly available information from government records or
deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number (only for delivery of contest rewards where required by tax laws), or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
NO
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age, sex (including gender) only if provided to us by you in a survey or online form.
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
L. Equipment Information
Information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access use our products, and usage details.
YES
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions in our products.
B. Use of Personal Information
Back to Top
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our products, and services.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your experience with our products and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our products and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Imangi about our users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
C. Sharing Personal Information
Back to Top
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information other than persistent identifiers for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We disclose persistent identifiers with our advertising partners, who may use those persistent identifiers, share them with their other partners, combine information from other sources with those persistent identifiers, or otherwise use them consistent with their privacy policies.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers (including third party advertising providers)
Data aggregators
D. Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
Back to Top
In the preceding 12 months, Imangi has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Category L: Equipment information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers (including third party advertising providers)
E. Your Rights and Choices
Back to Top
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
ACCESS TO SPECIFIC INFORMATION AND DATA PORTABILITY RIGHTS
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request), provided that if you uninstall our products, your device identifier is lost and prior usage information and similar information tied only to that IDFV could not be linked to you and therefore could not be disclosed.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We do not provide these access and data portability rights for B2B personal information.
DELETION REQUEST RIGHTS
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information. Additionally, if you uninstall all of our products, your device identifier is lost and prior usage information and similar information tied only to that IDFV could not be linked to you and therefore could not be deleted.
EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTS
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at privacy@imangistudios.com.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include the device identifier (IDFV) which can be obtained from the settings menu in our products.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights .
RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMAT
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response electronically.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
PERSONAL INFORMATION SALES OPT-OUT AND OPT-IN RIGHTS
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is at least 13 but not yet 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us at privacy@imangistudios.com
We log your consent state for compliance purposes.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least 12 months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales (unless you uninstall all of our products and reinstall any of our products, which will reset your IDFV). However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by adjusting your settings in the applicable product application.
We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
F. Non-Discrimination
Back to Top
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
G. Other California Privacy Rights
Back to Top
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@imangistudios.com or write to us at: Imangi Studios, Attn: Privacy Officer, 4601 Six Forks Road, Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609, USA.
12. YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS
Back to Top
A. Push notifications
Back to Top
If you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us, but no longer wish to receive them, you can manage your preferences through your device or app settings, depending on the type of device.
B. AdChoices
Back to Top
For more information about interest-based advertising on your desktop or mobile browser, and your ability to opt out of this type of advertising by third parties that participate in self-regulatory programs, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative
https://www.networkadvertising.org/
and/or the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising
https://www.aboutads.info/principles
. To learn more about interest-based advertising in mobile apps and to opt out of this type of advertising by third parties that participate in the DAA’s AppChoices tool, please download the version of AppChoices for your device here
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
or visit these websites:
http://youradchoices.ca/
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu
Please note that any opt-out choice you exercise through these programs will apply to interest-based advertising by the third parties you select, but will still allow the collection of data for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You may continue to receive advertising, but that advertising may be less relevant to your interests.
13. NOTIFICATIONS REGARDING UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Back to Top
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a notice in our products and/or on our company website. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always know our current privacy practices.
14. CONTACT US
Back to Top
A. Customer Support
Back to Top
We maintain a list of Frequently Asked Questions at the following URL, on the Imangi website.
https://imangistudios.com/contact
For other customer support needs, please contact
support@imangistudios.com
. Our customer support team uses Zendesk to answer support requests. When you email customer support, your email address will be entered into the Zendesk system for the sole purpose of processing your support request. After your support request is processed, it will be marked as “closed” and be automatically deleted from the Zendesk system and the customer support email account after thirty days. Please do not include any personal information in your email to customer support.
B. Privacy Inquiries
Back to Top
If you have questions regarding this Policy or about Imangi’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
privacy@imangistudios.com
, or at:
Imangi Studios
Attn: Privacy Officer
4601 Six Forks Road
Suite 121
Raleigh, NC 27609
USA
15. ENGLISH VERSION CONTROLS
Back to Top
Non-English translations of this Policy may be provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
16. TERMS OF USE
Back to Top
A. Your Health and Safety
Back to Top
You are responsible for ensuring that you are of an appropriate fitness level to use the App Workout mode. The purpose of the App’s Workout mode is to offer a fun and unique way of controlling the characters and playing the game and you should use common sense in determining whether you are of good physical condition to undertake the physical exertion that the App’s Workout mode requires. If you are in any doubt, please consult your doctor.
Imangi does not intend Apps or App’s Workout mode to be medical or health devices, or to provide medical or health advice.
When using the App’s Workout mode, make sure you give due consideration for your environment and do not put yourself at risk of injury or harm.
APPENDIX: OUR AD SERVING AND ANALYTICS PROVIDERS
Back to Top
This table summarizes our ad serving and analytics providers and where you can go to get more information about their policies and practices and opt out of their networks in many cases.
* Indicates a company or service whose software may be integrated in older versions of Imangi products but are not present in versions released after May 2018.
Company Name
Purpose
Link
Personal data shared
Contact Info
AdColony
Advertising
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@adcolony.com
AdMob
Advertising
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
data-protection-office@google.com
— AdMob Partners
Advertising
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
Note that, at this time, AdMob may serve ads from any of these providers in the EEA through its mediation network.
data-protection-office@google.com
Applovin
Advertising
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
dataprotection@Applovin.com
Chartboost
Advertising
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@chartboost.com
Facebook Audience Network
Advertising
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/861937627253138
Fyber
Advertising
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@fyber.com
Google Analytics for Firebase
Analytics
https://cloud.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
Device identifier, advertising identifier, IP Address, location
https://support.google.com/cloud/contact/dpo
Google G Suite
Support
https://support.google.com/googlecloud/answer/6056650?hl=en
Email address and other information emailed to Imangi
https://support.google.com/cloud/contact/dpo
InMobi
Advertising
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@inmobi.com
ironSource
Advertising
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
dpo@ironsrc.com
Mintegral
Advertising
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@mintegral.com
Smaato
Advertising
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@smaato.com
TapJoy
Advertising
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@tapjoy.com
Unity
Advertising
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@unity3d.com
Unity Cloud Diagnostics
Analytics
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Device identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@unity3d.com
Zendesk
Support
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
Email address and other information emailed to Imangi
privacy@zendesk.com
Vungle
Advertising
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@vungle.com
*Flurry
Analytics
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
Device identifier, advertising identifier, IP Address, location
Oath, Customer Care – Privacy Policy Issues, 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089
PREVIOUS PRIVACY POLICIES
Back to Top
29 September 2015
19 October 2016
17 October 2017
18 May 2018
12 July 2018
21 November 2018
06 February 2019
06 September 2019
22 November 2019
20 February 2020
28 February 2020
29 September 2020
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 2
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
Sub-policy 4
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
Sub-policy 6
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Precise geolocation, such as End Users’ latitude and longitude data;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, Mobile IDs, and precise location data. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
Sub-policy 7
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy:
ENG
Log In
Create Account
Oh no... We can't find the page you are looking for
Seems like you've tried to reach a page that doesn't exist.
Back To Safety
Sub-policy 8
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Access Denied
You don't have permission to access "http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy" on this server.
Reference #18.4cb01302.1741276153.329dd159
https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.4cb01302.1741276153.329dd159
Sub-policy 9
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
February 4, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Sub-policy 10
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
Sub-policy 11
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12