Chronicle respects your privacy. The app does not collect, store, or share any of your personal information by default. All of your bill data is stored locally on your device. Sync is always optional, and any data shared with us is only used to facilitate the service. It is never used for marketing purposes.
If you sign up for our mailing list, we will collect your e-mail and add you to our list of important news about Chronicle, including major updates. We will not share your e-mail address with third parties.
Chronicle has no ads, and no information is shared with advertisers.
Chronicle Pro Subscription Terms
Chronicle Pro is subject to the Apple Licensed Application End User License Agreement
. Chronicle Pro is an auto-renewing subscription. Subscription automatically renews unless canceled at least 24 hours prior end of the subscription. Payment will be charged to your App Store Account at confirmation of purchase. You may cancel or disable your subscription by going to your App Store Account Settings after purchase.
Chronicle Cloud is an optional part of Chronicle Pro. You can use Chronicle Pro without enabling Chronicle Cloud, and without sharing any Personal Information.
Chronicle Cloud Privacy Policy
Chronicle Cloud is an optional Service as a part of Chronicle Pro. This Service is provided by LittleFin LLC.
The overview of our privacy policy is simple: Chronicle Cloud only collects and uses your data in order to provide the service of backing up your data and syncing it to your devices. LittleFin LLC will never use your data for any advertising or marketing purpose. Your data will never be sold or shared with third parties for any marketing purpose.
This page provides further to details to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for only for syncing and sharing your data for your personal use. We do not not access, use or share your information with third parties, except as outlined below for the purpose of providing the Service to you.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to information about your bills. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Your Personal Information is encrypted in transit and stored in an encrypted format. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may make minor updates to our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. However, we may not change the privacy policy in any way that would allow us to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes, or sell it to third parties. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@littlefin.com.