POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD
Responsable
HÉCTOR RODRIGUEZ FORNIÉS
Finalidad
Proporcionar los servicios mediante la aplicación móvil
Responder a consultas y solicitudes de información. Atención al cliente.
Elaborar estadísticas agregadas y anónimas
Resolver incidencias técnicas y mejorar la aplicación
Legitimación
Ejecución de un contrato
Interés legítimo del responsable
Cumplimiento de obligaciones legales
Destinatarios
Podemos comunicar los datos personales a terceros proveedores encargados del tratamiento con la única finalidad de que nos presten determinados servicios siguiendo nuestras instrucciones o a las administraciones públicas competentes en cumplimiento de obligaciones legales.
Plazo de conservación
Por regla general los datos serán conservados mientras sean compatibles con la finalidad con la que fueron recogidos y en cumplimiento de obligaciones legales de conservación para después ser suprimidos.
Derechos
Se puede acceder a la información sobre el ejercicio de los derechos que prevé la normativa sobre protección de datos al final de esta Política.
Los datos personales recogidos en nuestra página web son tratados cumpliendo con las exigencias del Reglamento (UE) 2016/679 del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo, de 27 de abril de 2016, relativo a la protección de las personas físicas en lo que respecta al tratamiento de datos personales y a la libre circulación de estos datos.
Así mismo, garantizamos que los datos personales son tratados de manera lícita, leal y transparente, y son recogidos con fines determinados, explícitos y legítimos, manteniéndose limitados a dichos fines y actualizados si fuera necesario. No se permitirá la identificación de los interesados durante más tiempo del necesario y se garantizará su seguridad mediante las medidas técnicas y organizativas adecuadas.
¿Quién es responsable de sus datos personales?
Razón Social: HÉCTOR RODRIGUEZ FORNIÉS
Dirección: C/Pinar 7-9-11 1ºB 50007 - Zaragoza
C.I.F.:  72987456-S
E-mail: zmeditations@gmail.com
¿Para qué tratamos sus datos y qué nos permite hacerlo? ¿Por qué podemos tratar sus datos?
Completando los formularios de registro o de contacto, enviando correos electrónicos o llamando por teléfono, sus datos personales pasarán a ser responsabilidad de la entidad.
Los datos van a ser tratados con las siguientes finalidades:
Proporcionar los servicios mediante la aplicación móvil.
Cuando el interesado adquiere nuestros productos y servicios necesitamos tratar sus datos personales para gestionar y coordinar la relación comercial y prestarle los servicios que nos contrata. Para estos tratamientos nos legitima la relación contractual que formalizamos con el cliente o socio.
Responder a consultas y solicitudes de información. Atención al cliente.
Cuando un usuario o interesado nos demanda información sobre nuestros productos, servicios, actividades, etc. o tiene una incidencia o reclamación en relación con ellos trataremos sus datos para identificarlo, ponernos en contacto y proporcionarle la información solicitada. Este tratamiento estará basado en el consentimiento del interesado o en la relación contractual que nos vincula.
Elaborar estadísticas agregadas y anónimas
Determinados datos de los usuarios se agregan y anonimizan para generar estadísticas de uso interno. Los principios de protección de datos no deben aplicarse a la información anónima, es decir información que no guarda relación con una persona física identificada o identificable, ni a los datos convertidos en anónimos de forma que el interesado no sea identificable, o deje de serlo.
Otras estadísticas de uso las genera la propia aplicación para el usuario y se almacenan en el dispositivo sin que tengamos acceso a las mismas.
Resolver incidencias técnicas y mejorar la aplicación
Recibimos notificaciones de errores de uso en la aplicación que incorporan la identificación del usuario y datos que contacto que en casos excepcionales, nos permitirían dirigirnos al usuario para ayudarle a solventar los problemas o para solicitarle colaboración reproduciendo el error.
¿A quién proporcionamos sus datos?
Podemos comunicar los datos personales a terceros proveedores encargados del tratamiento, con la única finalidad de que nos presten determinados servicios siguiendo nuestras instrucciones sin utilizar los datos para sus propias finalidades y con objeto de llevar a cabo las actividades que nos son propias, o a las administraciones públicas competentes en cumplimiento de obligaciones legales.
En especial, utilizamos herramientas de terceros para distintas finalidades como los reportes de errores y tareas de analítica, de proveedores en Estados Unidos, pero estos se encuentran certificados en el programa Privacy Shield de la Unión Europea.
Proveedor
Información adicional
Certificado
Uservoice
https://www.uservoice.com/privacy/
Privacy Shield
Firebase (Google)
https://firebase.google.com
Privacy Shield
¿Cuánto tiempo conservamos sus datos?
Por regla general los datos serán conservados mientras sean compatibles con la finalidad con la que fueron recogidos y en cumplimiento de obligaciones legales de conservación para después ser suprimidos.
¿Cuáles son sus derechos?
Usted podrá:
Obtener más información
Retirar su consentimiento cuando lo hubiera prestado para un tratamiento determinado
Dejar de recibir nuestras comunicaciones de carácter comercial
Ejercer sus derechos de:
Acceso, o conocer que datos personales tratamos de usted;
Rectificación, o corregir datos personales incorrectos o inexactos;
Supresión, o a eliminar los datos personales que tenemos de usted que no estemos obligados legalmente a conservar;
Oposición, o a que dejemos de tratar sus datos personales con una finalidad concreta;
Limitación, o a restringir el tratamiento que realizamos;
Portabilidad, o a que le proporcionemos los datos personales que obran en nuestro poder;
Puede obtener más información y ejercer los derechos que le otorga la normativa de protección de datos sobre los datos de carácter personal presentando una copia de un documento identificativo (Sólo para el ejercicio de Derechos) en
zmeditations@gmail.com
Puede encontrar más información sobre sus derechos o presentar una reclamación ante la autoridad de control competente en la Agencia Española de Protección de Datos
http://www.agpd.es
- C/ Jorge Juan, 6. 28001 – Madrid (901 100 099 - 912 663 517).
AVISO LEGAL
Información legal
1.1.
En cumplimiento del artículo 10 de la
Ley 34/2002, de 11 de julio, de servicios de la sociedad de la información y de comercio electrónico
(LSSICE) presentamos la siguiente información:
Razón Social: HÉCTOR RODRIGUEZ FORNIÉS
Dirección: C/Pinar 7-9-11 1ºB 50007 - Zaragoza
C.I.F.:  72987456-S
E-mail:
zmeditations@gmail.com
Protección de datos
2.1.
Completando el formulario de registro o de contacto, enviando un correo electrónico, o llamando por teléfono, sus datos personales pasarán a ser responsabilidad de la entidad cuyos datos se relacionan en el apartado
1. Información Legal.
2.2.
Estos datos se utilizan para responder a su solicitud o consulta a la mayor brevedad posible y para comunicarnos comercialmente, porque usted nos los proporciona informada y libremente con esas finalidades.
Si usted nos proporciona un currículum sus datos se utilizarán para incorporarlo a presentes y futuros procesos selectivos en nuestra entidad y para comunicarnos con usted incluso por medios electrónicos en relación con su candidatura.
Para otros tratamientos o finalidades relacionados con la prestación de nuestros servicios o el desarrollo de nuestra actividad, usted puede obtener más información en la
Política de Privacidad
o solicitarlos en nuestra dirección de contacto.
2.3.
Los datos personales recogidos en nuestra página web son tratados cumpliendo con las exigencias del Reglamento (UE) 2016/679 del Parlamento Europeo y del Consejo, de 27 de abril de 2016, relativo a la protección de las personas físicas en lo que respecta al tratamiento de datos personales y a la libre circulación de estos datos.
2.4.
Así mismo, garantizamos que los datos personales son tratados de manera lícita, leal y transparente, y son recogidos con fines determinados, explícitos y legítimos, manteniéndose limitados a dichos fines y actualizados si fuera necesario. No se permitirá la identificación de los interesados durante más tiempo del necesario y se garantizará su seguridad mediante las medidas técnicas y organizativas adecuadas.
2.5.
Una vez los datos no sean necesarios para los fines con los que fueron recogidos,  se conservarán a disposición de las administraciones públicas competentes durante los plazos legales de conservación, es decir mientras una ley nos pueda exigir que los presentemos. Expirados estos plazos serán suprimidos.
2.6.
Puede ejercer los derechos de acceso, rectificación, supresión, oposición así como los demás derechos que le otorga la normativa de protección de datos sobre los datos de carácter personal presentando una copia de un documento identificativo en
zmeditations@gmail.com
. Si desea dejar de recibir nuestras comunicaciones de carácter comercial, también puede hacer llegar su solicitud a la dirección anterior.
2.7.
Puede encontrar más información sobre sus derechos o presentar una reclamación ante la autoridad de control competente en la Agencia Española de Protección de Datos
http://www.agpd.es
- C/ Jorge Juan, 6. 28001 – Madrid (901 100 099 - 912 663 517).
Limitación de Responsabilidades
3.1.
La entidad proporciona el sitio web corporativo como medio de dar a conocer sus productos y servicios, y permitir el contacto con los clientes. La información de la página web se presenta de modo meramente orientativo o divulgativo y en ningún momento será considerada vinculante. Para la contratación de los productos o servicios de la entidad se estará a lo dispuesto en presupuestos y contratos debidamente formalizados.
3.2.
La entidad no se responsabiliza sobre los posibles daños informáticos que pueda sufrir el usuario mientras visita nuestra página web entendiendo que aquellos no puedan ser imputables a la entidad.
3.3.
La entidad tampoco se responsabiliza del contenido de los sitios gestionados por terceros que se enlacen desde la página web, así mismo dichos enlaces no implicarán la existencia de algún tipo de relación por parte de la entidad con esos terceros.
Propiedad Intelectual
4.1.
Todos los contenidos de esta página web entendiendo como tales los textos, dibujos, gráficos, fotografías, imágenes, vídeos, música, código, el propio diseño de la misma y cualquier otra creación son propiedad de la entidad o de sus respectivos titulares mediante la correspondiente licencia, autorización o cesión sobre los derechos y están protegidos en función de la legislación sobre la Propiedad Intelectual e Industrial.
4.2.
En ningún caso se entenderá que la puesta a disposición del público de la página web constituye renuncia, cesión o licencia de los derechos que la entidad tiene sobre los contenidos de la misma.
4.3.
Queda prohibido cualquier uso de los contenidos de nuestra página web incluida la modificación, copia, reproducción, transmisión, etcétera sin la previa autorización por escrito de la entidad.
POLÍTICA DE COOKIES
Esta web utiliza cookies propias, que recogen información estadística sobre hábitos de navegación anónimos para mejorar el servicio prestado y pueden ser utilizadas por terceras partes para personalizar publicidad.
Las cookies son ficheros creados en el navegador del usuario que mediante el almacenamiento de datos permiten registrar su actividad en el Sitio Web y llevan a cabo distintas funcionalidades como el análisis estadístico, una gestión del tráfico web eficiente, etcétera. Las cookies se instalan automáticamente en el ordenador del usuario, pero este puede administrarlas o bloquearlas totalmente mediante los enlaces que aportamos al final de la política.
Tipos de Cookies usadas:
Cookies técnicas: Son aquéllas que permiten al usuario la navegación a través de una página web, plataforma o aplicación y la utilización de las diferentes opciones o servicios que en ella existan.
Cookies de personalización: Son aquéllas que permiten al usuario acceder al servicio con algunas características de carácter general predefinidas en función de una serie de criterios en el terminal del usuario como por ejemplo serian el idioma, el tipo de navegador a través del cual accede al servicio, la configuración regional desde donde accede al servicio, etc.
Cookies de análisis: Son aquéllas que permiten al responsable de las mismas, el seguimiento y análisis del comportamiento de los usuarios de los sitios web a los que están vinculadas.
DOMINIO
RESPONSABLE
NOMBRE
FINALIDAD
TIPO
http://www.zmeditations.com/
Tercera parte (Google)
_ga
_gid
_gat
Recogen información anónima sobre la navegación del usuario por la web para recopilar datos estadísticos.
Persistente
Redes Sociales
Zmeditations puede administrar páginas en redes sociales para publicitarse y servir de punto de contacto con sus clientes. Estas páginas pueden instalar cookies a sus visitantes incluso aunque estos no se encuentren registrados en las mismas. Los tipos de Cookies que se instalan y sus finalidades están descritas en las oportunas páginas de Cookies de cada red social (Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Instagram, etcétera.).
Complemento de inhabilitación para navegadores de Google Analytics
Para evitar que Google Analytics recopile y utilice sus datos, ponemos a su disposición la extensión de inhabilitación para navegadores de Google Analytics en el siguiente enlace.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/index.html?hl=es
Además Google tiene su propia política relativa al uso de cookies publicitarias
http://www.google.es/policies/technologies/ads/
Desactivar Cookies en Navegadores
Chrome, desde:
http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=es&answer=95647
Explorer, desde:
https://support.microsoft.com/es-es/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Firefox, desde:
https://support.mozilla.org/es/kb/cookies-informacion-que-los-sitios-web-guardan-en-
Safari, desde:
https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=es_ES
La desactivación de Cookies puede provocar en la web una navegación menos fluida y que algunos de nuestros servicios en la misma dejen de funcionar correctamente.
En
www.allaboutcookies.org/es/
y
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/es/
puede encontrar más información sobre las cookies y cómo gestionarlas o eliminarlas.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.uservoice.com/privacy/:
Align Roadmaps with Intelligent Feedback for Effective Product Strategy
Learn More
Product
Features
Collect Feedback
Gather, prioritize, and close the loop on product feedback
Engage Customers
Make your customers an invaluable extension of your product team
Inform Product Strategy
Prioritize what to build next with user insights and powerful customer feedback analytics
Conduct Product Research
Leverage customer insights to validate ideas before you build
Align Internally
Foster collaboration by bringing feedback to the forefront of your roadmap planning
Integrations
Establish streamlined workflows with out-of-the-box integrations
Enterprise
Leading enterprise product feedback management system
New!
Impact Reports
From the Blog
UserVoice Updates
*NEW* Introducing Custom Idea Fields and Advanced Filtering
Product Feedback
A Complete Guide to Customer Feedback
See all posts
Pricing
What's New
Resources
Resources
Blog
eBooks
Security & Compliance
Developer Docs
Knowledge Base
Customers
Talk to Sales
Customer Support
Recent Posts
UserVoice Updates
A Product Roadmap Guide: Everything You Need To Know
Product Feedback
A Complete Guide to Customer Feedback
See all posts
Get a Demo
Talk to a Product Expert
Try for Free
Get a Demo
Talk to a Product Expert
Try for Free
trusted by the worlds leading product teams
Privacy Policy
Last modified September 9, 2020
Updated references to EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework
GDPR Compliance
Introduction
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices of UserVoice, which owns and operates various sites on the World Wide Web, including without limitation Uservoice.com, (collectively, the “UserVoice Websites”). Your access to and use of the UserVoice Websites and all the services provided via the UserVoice Websites (collectively, the “UserVoice Services”) are subject to UserVoice’s Terms of Use and all applicable laws.
This privacy policy describes how UserVoice collects, uses, and shares information about you that it obtains in connection with providing UserVoice Services to you.
We value your comments about our privacy statement and invite you to e-mail us with inquiries, suggestions and complaints at:
privacy@uservoice.com
.
What information is collected
In order to enhance your user experience and improve the UserVoice Services, UserVoice collects information about you from two sources: (i) information you affirmatively give to us; and (ii) information automatically collected when you visit any of the UserVoice Websites or use any UserVoice Services. Third parties may also collect your information in connection with your use of UserVoice Services.
‍
Information you give us
When you sign up for UserVoice Services, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself such as your name, email address, billing address, and company name or affiliation. You can view all of the information collected during the registration process by visiting the registration page. You may modify or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging into your account and accessing features that will allow you to edit your profile and account information. Details on how to preform this action can be found
here
.
After you provide such information and set up your account, we may ask you to provide additional information about yourself on an optional basis. We may ask you for certain financial information, including credit card account data or other payment method data, to process payments for some of our services. UserVoice may collect any communication it has with you via any means, including e-mail, telephone, and letters.
By choosing to provide any information to us, you are giving UserVoice permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
‍
Information we collect automatically
In addition, UserVoice automatically collects information about your interactions with the UserVoice Websites and UserVoice Services. For example, UserVoice may log information from your computer and browser, such as your IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, browser type, software and hardware attributes, pages you request, and cookie information. By using the UserVoice Services, you are giving UserVoice permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy.
‍
Cookies
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
‍
Information collected by third parties
UserVoice may use services that collect data remotely by using "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs," or similar technologies. Such technologies can recognize certain types of information on your web browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed them and the IP address of the computer from which you viewed them.
UserVoice Services may be linked to or provided through third party websites. UserVoice is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on such third party websites. When linking or accessing such websites, you should carefully review the privacy policy of such third party to determine how it handles information it separately collects from you.
‍
Term; Termination
The term of this Agreement shall be as set forth in a written agreement between the parties (the “
Term
”).  Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, the subscription term and the term of this Agreement shall automatically renew (the “
Automatic Renewal
”) on the first day following the end of the current subscription term (the “
Renewal Date
”).  Account Holder may cancel such Automatic Renewal by terminating the subscription and this Agreement as set forth herein or by providing written notice, at least 30 days prior to the Renewal Date, that Account Holder does not wish to renew the subscription.
Either Party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the other party breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof. In the event that UserVoice terminates due to Account Holder’s breach, (a) Account Holder will remain liable for any amount due under this Agreement (adjusted on a pro rata basis, if applicable) and (b) UserVoice will destroy all Account Holder Data (defined below) in its possession after giving Account Holder a reasonable opportunity to download such data for a period of 60 days.
Account Holder may terminate this Agreement and its subscription to the Service by providing UserVoice with written notice of termination. In the event of any such termination, Account Holder will not be entitled to a refund of prepaid subscription fees; and UserVoice will destroy all Account Holder Data in its possession after giving Account Holder a reasonable opportunity to download such data for a period of 60 days.
‍
How information is used
UserVoice uses the information it collects from you to deliver UserVoice Services to you and continuously enhance your user experience. Generally speaking, we use the collected information to communicate with you, fulfill your requests, customize the content, improve our products and services, protect our and your rights, and comply with laws and regulations.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information and updates regarding UserVoice and its products and services. You may choose not to receive such information and
opt-out of such future communications
. All such communications sent to you will also contain instructions for opting-out.
The information that we collect from you may be used in aggregate form in various ways to optimize and improve UserVoice Services. While such information may be based on information about you, it will not identify you personally. We may use such information for the following purposes: website management, administration and security, promotional activities, and research and analysis.
With whom information is shared
Public Information
UserVoice may share as it sees fit information that you voluntarily make public, including information that you post on any blogs, message boards, chat rooms or other similar forums, whether or not such forums are owned by UserVoice. Since such public information can be accessed by the public and used by any member of the public, such use by third parties is beyond the control of UserVoice.
‍
Personal Information
UserVoice may share your personal information that it collects (i) with its agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide UserVoice with support services to operate the UserVoice Services, including companies that assist with payment processing, business analytics, data processing, account management, and other services, (ii) if required by law or to protect the legal rights of UserVoice or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents and suppliers, (iii) to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process, (iv) to protect the safety and security of users of the UserVoice Services or to enforce our Terms of Use or (v) to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes. In the event that UserVoice shares your personal information pursuant to subsection (i) above, it will require such agents, representatives, contractors and/or service providers not to use your information for any purpose other than providing us with specific services that we have requested.
Note that if you sign up for service from one of our affiliates, we may ask for your consent to share with such third party partner certain of your personal information. While UserVoice is not responsible for the acts of such partners, we encourage all of our partners to adopt privacy policies that protect against the disclosure of personal information to third persons.
If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by UserVoice or another user of the UserVoice Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint. For instance, if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us, we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication.
‍
Non-Personal Information and Aggregate Data
UserVoice may share with third parties your personal information and related aggregated data. For example, UserVoice may share IP addresses of its users to provide anonymous aggregated data to business partners about the volume of use on the UserVoice Services and the specific UserVoice Services in which users are most interested. Because this form of data does not identify particular users, these third parties will not be able to contact you based solely on this data.
‍
Change of Control
If UserVoice sells all or part of its business, or makes a sale or transfer of assets, or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, UserVoice may transfer your personal information and non-personal information to one or more third parties as part of such transaction.
How you can control the information we collect, use and share
You have the choice about whether to disclose your personal information or other information about yourself to UserVoice. Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content, UserVoice may send you administrative messages, service announcements, terms and conditions of your account, or other similar communications, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
You can change your
privacy settings
at any time. You may
delete your UserVoice account
, in accordance with our Terms of Use. Please note that, if you cancel your account, UserVoice may retain some information about you but will discontinue posting such information on the UserVoice Websites.
How information is protected
Your UserVoice accounts may be secured by member-created passwords, in which case reasonable precautions are taken to ensure that your account information is kept private. You are responsible for keeping your passwords confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. UserVoice uses reasonable measures to protect your information stored within our databases, and we restrict access to such information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Despite these efforts, please note that we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of your information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of your information at any time.
Your European privacy rights
UserVoice is committed to compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). More information can be found at
https://www.uservoice.com/gdpr-compliance/
UserVoice complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. UserVoice has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
dataprivacyframework.gov
.
On July 16, 2020 the Court of Justice of the European Union confirmed the validity of the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses as a legal mechanism for the transfer of EU personal data, but invalidated the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Principles framework. UserVoice’s customers may continue to use our services, relying on UserVoice’s agreement to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses, which are included in our Data Processing Addendum.
Your California privacy rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.82, UserVoice customers who are California residents may request information about the disclosure of your personal information by UserVoice or its subsidiaries to a third party for the third party's direct marketing purposes. UserVoice does not sell personal data to any entity. If you would like to request more information, you may send an email to
privacy@uservoice.com
.
You may exercise your rights, including export and deletion of data, by visiting
https://www.uservoice.com/gdpr-compliance/
Your Brazilian privacy rights
Under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”), UserVoice users who are Brazilian residents may request information about the disclosure of their personal information by UserVoice or its subsidiaries to a third party for the third party's direct marketing purposes. UserVoice does not sell personal data to any entity. If you would like to request more information, you may send an email to
privacy@uservoice.com
.
Additional information regarding exercising your data rights and contacting the UserVoice Data Protection Officer can be found at
https://www.uservoice.com/gdpr-compliance/
Resolution of disputes and complaint mechanism
In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, UserVoice commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact UserVoice at:
UserVoice Inc.
234 Fayetteville St, 3rd Floor
Raleigh, NC 27601
privacy@uservoice.com
Attn: Chief Executive Officer
Changes to this privacy policy
From time to time, we may make changes to this privacy policy. In order to ensure that you are familiar with our most updated policies and practices, you should check the effective date indicated above of this privacy policy each time you use the UserVoice Services. If we make any changes, we will notify you of such changes by posting the updated privacy policy on the UserVoice Websites. We may also send you an email alerting you of such changes. You will be bound by any such changes to the policy when you use the UserVoice Services after those changes have been posted. If we make material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personal information, we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations.
Contacting UserVoice
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the UserVoice Website and UserVoice Services, or your dealings with UserVoice, please contact us at:
privacy@uservoice.com
Introduction
What information is collected
How information is used
With whom information is shared
How you can control the information we collect, use and share
How information is protected
Your European privacy rights
Your California privacy rights
Your Brazilian privacy rights
Resolution of disputes and complaint mechanism
Changes to this privacy policy
Contacting UserVoice
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnvnAAC&status=Active:
Skip to content
Invalid status parameter in the URL.
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Industries
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Other Covered Entities
Industries
Participation
Purpose of Data Collection
Privacy Policy
Verification Method
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact  at:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against  regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy