App Pro Mobile
Apps
BLOG
About
Bokeh Cam FX
March 14, 2021
Create awesome bokeh light effects to your photo with just few taps. Bokeh Camera FX makes your photo beautiful, and you can get more likes by sharing it on your social networks such as Instagram, Snapchat, or Twitter.
Blur Effect
The blur effect is applied to the whole image. To remove blur, use your finger as a brush to paint on the foreground object.
Bokeh Light
You can add different shapes of bokeh light on your photo and freely adjust the size and opacity of each light.
View on App Store
‍
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Air Smash unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
‍
Last updated on Dec 23, 2019
‍
‍
Terms of Use
Users of the Services offered by
BokehCamFX
App acknowledge and accept these terms and conditions.
By accessing and using
BokehCamFX
App, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to bound by these Terms and the Privacy Policy. If you do not accept these Terms and the Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Services. We may modify these Terms and the Privacy Policy at any time and such modification will be effective upon posting to the Application.
You agree not to abuse, harass, stalk, intimidate, defame, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights of any third party, or encourage others to commit violence.
‍
This
app may add or remove functionalities or features in the normal course of improving, changing, and/or updating the Service. We may also suspend or stop our Service without notice.
Last updated on Feb 15, 2021
‍
‍
‍
ALL PHOTOS
Emoji Selfie
LivGIF
WallpaperSize
Valentines Day Counter Journal
Audio Sender - Voice Changer
Lovbox App
Air Smash Air Hockey
Cool Finger Faces
Bokeh Cam FX
Square FX with Shapes
Poster+