Users
Technical information
Information on the device used to access our App, such as: IP-address, information on the used browser/device and crash logs.
We use these data to:
- adapt our App to the used device;
- convert the IP-address to a country;
- improve the user experience of the App;
- improve the support for the App.
We may use these data because we have a legitimate interest to process these data in order to provide a good functioning App.After the IP-address is converted to a country, the IP-address is removed.
Product scans
Scans of the barcode of products (including possible other things visible on the picture).
We use these data to:
- Match with the relevant product, in order to show you whether the products contains microbeads.
We may use these data because we have a legitimate interest to do so, i.e. to give you information on the product scanned. We only store those scans in our content management system.
App analytics
Usage data of the App.
We use these data to:
- improve user experience of the App;
- improve the support for the App;
- make (data)-analyses.
We may use these data because we have a legitimate interest to process these data in order to provide a good functioning App. Furthermore, we have a legitimate interest to use these data, in particular the data analyses, to develop new products and services regarding plastic reducing behaviour.
Visitors
Social media
Information Visitors made public, when they leave a comment or otherwise post something on our social media channels.
We use these data to:
- contact the Visitor via our social media channels;
- process the Visitors’ feedback left on our social media channels.
We may process these data, because we have a legitimate interest to use your input and assist you with your comments and questions.
Our social media channels are also controlled by the social medium itself. Please check their own privacy policies, to see how each social medium processes personal data
Contact information
Name, email address and other (personal) data the Visitor shares with us by sending us any message through the contact form on our Website or per email, including any personal data within the message.
We use these data to:
-adapt our App to the used device;
-convert the IP-address to a country; -	improve the user experience of the App; -	improve the support for the App.
We may process these data, because we have a legitimate interest to process these data. We need these data to contact the Visitor regarding its message.
Technical information
Information on the device used to access our App, such as: IP-address, information on the used browser/device and crash logs.
We use these data to:
-	adapt our App to the used device;
-	convert the IP-address to a country;
-	improve the user experience of the App;
-	improve the support for the App.
We may process these data because we have a legitimate interest to process these data in order to provide a good functioning Website.
Newsletters
Email address
We use these data to send you newsletters per email, in order to keep you up-to-date on our activities, campaigns, and news.
We may send newsletters, because you gave us permission to do so (by leaving your email address in the relevant box). It is always possible to unsubscribe from our newsletter via the link at the bottom of each newsletter.
Dare to Care Campaign
Your name and email address as shared with us when you send a message to a company through our Dare to Care campaign.
We use these data to:
-count the Dare to Care participants
-forward your first & last name to the company you send the message to.
- according to the permission you have provided us, we may contact you with updates about this campaign or with Plastic Soup Foundation's newsletter.
We may share your name with the company and use your name for the campaign because you gave your consent. We may process these data, because we have a legitimate interest to count the individual participants in this campaign.
Instagram:
Privacy Settings & Information
Facebook:
Data Policy
Twitter:
Privacy Policy
Sponsors
Contact Information
Name (first, middle, last), email address, phone number, address, city and country.
We use these data to:
- contact the Sponsor regarding its donation;
- provide the Visitor the support requested.
We may process these data because we have a legitimate interest to process these data. We need these data to contact the Sponsor regarding its donation.
Payment information
Donation amount, payment method and bank account number (IBAN).
We use these data to:
- process the donation of the Sponsor.
We may process these data because we have a legitimate interest to do so, i.e. we need to process the data in order to process the donation.
Newsletters:
Email address
We use these data to send you newsletters per email, in order to keep you up-to-date on our activities, campaigns, and news.
We may send newsletters, because you gave us permission to do so (by leaving your email address in the relevant box). It is always possible to unsubscribe from our newsletter via the link at the bottom of each newsletter.