PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy defines and informs you about the way in which we collect and use your personal data (hereafter “
the Data
“), as the party that is responsible for the processing of said data. This policy applies when you visit our website, when you become a Member of our website or when you access our services, including via our mobile application. This policy is an integral part of the
MarketScreener’s Terms of Service
. Terms written with a capital letter have the same definition as the one they have been given in said Terms of Service.
The
Data Controller
as mentioned in this Privacy Policy is SURPERFORMANCE SAS, a company registered under French law - RCS Annecy nr. 439 430 059 - with a capital of EUR 414 501. The company’s registered office is located at 17 avenue d’Albigny, 74000 Annecy, France, and Franck MOREL is its legal representative.
In order to ensure the security and the confidentiality of your Data, we implement appropriate technical and organizational measures conform the applicable legal provisions.
Our website, mobile application, and services are meant for adults so that we don’t collect Data on children younger than 16 years old.
This Privacy Policy may change at any time, especially in order to comply with legal or regulatory developments. It is up to you to regularly consult its current version, the most recent date of revision being indicated at the end of the document.
COLLECTED DATA
We collect various Data about you, whether this is (i) to allow the execution of a contract that you have with us, (ii) due to the fact that there exists a legitimate interest from our side (commercial prospection purposes), (iii) following your consent, or (iv) to meet our legal requirements.
1.1. Data you provide
When you become a Member or when you sign up for our services you provide us with various Data, among which:
Your contact details, such as your name, first name, email address, address or phone number;
Your customer service requests with us and your contact requests;
Your interests and preferences, particularly your choices in terms of commercial prospection and your answers in surveys;
The mandatory or non-mandatory nature of the requested Data is indicated at the time of their collection, the failure to communicate mandatory Data resulting in the impossibility to answer your request.
1.2. Data we receive from third-parties
When we offer services together with a third party, the latter may transfer us certain Data about you, just like we may send them some Data. You are specifically informed about this when you use this joint service.
1.3. Data we assume
By bringing together the data that you provide with the data that we gather automatically and/or general and anonymous statistics, we may establish assumptions about services that match your usage and/or expectations.
1.4. Data we collect automatically: cookies and other technologies
When you visit our website or our application, we automatically collect data about how you use our services.
Some of this Data is gathered via cookies. For more information about the nature of cookies and your choice in the matter, we invite you to check our
Cookie Policy
.
Cookies particularly allow us to collect information related to your use of our services: the selected configurations, the number of pages visited, the session ID, the URL of the referring page, etc.
We also collect Data via pixels and tracking links, meaning:
Information related to your use of our services: the history of the pages visited, the time and date of connection, the URL of the referring page, the reading or non-reading of the pages, the clicks on the links, the recommendation of an article, etc.
Information related to the emails we send you: the reading or non-reading of the email, the clicks on the links, etc.
NB: it is possible that content on our website and application contains cookies, tags, pixels or tracking links from third-parties. These technologies do not fall under our responsibility and the collected data is not being sent to us.
PURPOSE OF DATA COLLECTION
2.1. Delivery of our services
We collect and use your Data as part of your access to our website, application, and services, particularly in order to:
Manage your Member subscription request;
Activate and manage your subscription to our services;
Manage the access to certain services, reserved for our Members or our Clients;
Allow you to benefit from promotional offers;
Treat your claims;
Ensure the quality of our services and improve your navigation on the website;
Manage your subscription and/or cancellation to/of our newsletters;
Check compliance with the current legal dispositions as well as our Terms of Service;
Detect and prevent technical or security problems.
2.2. Marketing and commercial prospection related to our services
Your Data is also collected to enable us to do marketing and/or commercial prospection, particularly to:
Constitute and manage our Member and Client files;
Send you, according to your choices, general information about our services and/or advertising and promotional offers by email;
Carry out prospecting and/or customer retention activities, via email or by phone;
Establish statistics about the usage and the visibility of our services, the reading of our emails, and other commercial statistics.
2.3. Sales partnerships
Some of your Data allows us to let you benefit from joint offers we have set up with some of our business partners.
With your explicit prior consent, we can also use your Data to send you general information, advertising or promotional offers from our partners by email.
2.4. Compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
Your Data can be used to allow us to meet the legal and regulatory requirements that apply to us.
RECIPIENTS OF THE COLLECTED DATA
In principle, we are the only recipient of your Data.
We can, however, transfer your Data for legal or technical purposes as explained below.
3.1. Subcontractors
We may transfer your Data to providers whose intervention is necessary to achieve one of the purposes of the Data collection (for example, the personalization of our content). We make sure that these third-parties treat your Data in a way that guarantees their integrity, their confidentiality, and their security. We only transfer them the Data that is strictly necessary for their intervention.
When you enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar) or when you use our app, we may share personal data or other information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), mobile advertising identifier, IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp and its group companies, acting as joint controllers. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you. We place this code in our first party cookie or a LiveRamp cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). Detailed information on LiveRamp's data processing activities is available in LiveRamp's privacy policy and opt-out here: https://liveramp.uk/privacy/service-privacy-policy/. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time.
3.2. Public authorities
Conform the current regulation, we can be brought to transfer your Data to the public authorities at their request and/or to meet our legal requirements and/or to protect and defend our rights. In such cases, only the information that is strictly necessary is communicated.
3.3. Business partners
In case of a joint offer with a third party, we may send them some of your Data. You are specifically informed about this when you use this joint service.
NB: When you check the box “I would like to receive special offers from MarketScreener.com’s partners“, your Data is not transferred to these partners.
DURATION OF DATA RETENTION
We keep your Data during the time necessary for the delivery of our services or any other purpose for which it has been collected as mentioned above, in compliance with the current legal provisions.
When you are a Member but you haven’t subscribed to our paid services, we delete your Data 3 years after the last contact from you, or, if not, the collection of the Data.
The Data collected via cookies is kept for maximum 13 months starting from the moment they were first placed.
However, we may keep certain Data longer, either we archive it for the purpose of managing potential disputes, or we keep it, after anonymizing it, for statistical, commercial or financial purposes.
DATA LOCATION
We keep your Data in France.
Marginally, it is possible that the Data that is gathered automatically is transferred towards other countries of the European Union, or even outside of it. In this situation, we make sure, in particular contractually, that the processing is done in accordance with the protection standards applicable in France.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR DATA
6.1. Your rights in terms of access to your Data
You have the following rights regarding your Data:
The right to access your Data;
The right to get your Data rectified;
The right to get your Data deleted;
The right to restrict our processing of your Data;
The right to the portability of your Data, meaning to get a copy of your Data in a common format and to transfer it to another Data controller.
You can exercise some of these rights directly in your ‘My Account’ section on the website.
You can also exercise them via email or by post:
Contact us
Surperformance SAS, 17 avenue d’Albigny, 74000 Annecy , FRANCE
In order to reply to your request, and for security reasons, we may ask you to provide us with proof of identity.
In case of an unsatisfactory response, you have the right to file a complaint with the French CNIL.
6.2. Your rights in terms of commercial solicitation
You will find in your ‘My Account’ section a
page that is dedicated
to the modification of your choices in terms of commercial solicitation from us as well as from our partners.
The emails we send you systematically include a link to unsubscribe by the way, except when your consent isn’t required (meaning when the email is intrinsically linked to the delivery of our services, such as the payment confirmation email, or when it’s about proposing you services that are similar to those that we provide you already).
Last updated: May 3
rd
, 2024.