Work
About
Contact
MENU
☰
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the software, applications and websites "Products" created by Shiny Box, LLC. The Products vary in scope and functionality from mobile games to interactive player forums and websites. The products as designed by Shiny Box, LLC do not collect user data unless specifically offered by the end user. Our Products allow users to create a variety of accounts which allow our users to interact with us or our products in a variety of ways. From creating backups of their game play save data on our servers for later use in case of a lost device, lost game install, or some other issues that results in the loss of game data to contacting us for support or via our social media outlets. Our Products may store applicable save data on the user's device in accordance with requirements provided by the various hardware/software providers, ie: Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon. Our Products do not require any user accounts and the use of said account should be considered 100% optional; however, functionality of certain Products may be limited or completely unavailable to users who do not have certain Product accounts. Any use of this service is completely voluntary on the end of the User.
What information is obtained by our Products and how is it used?
USER PROVIDED INFORMATION
Our Products obtain the information you provide when you download or register with our Products. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by our Products unless you register with us where applicable.
When you register with us and use our Products, you generally provide (a) a name, email address, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases through 3rd party services, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application (this only applies to 3rd party providers as we do not collect Credit Card information directly from the user), and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
We have provided links to several Third Party Privacy Policies at the end of this notice for user reference. We may or may not use these Third Party Services in our Products and they are subject to change at any time.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of device you use, your device's unique device ID, the IP address of your device, your device operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our Products.
Do your Products collect precise real time location information of the device?
Our Products do not collect precise information about the location of your device unless specifically stated or provided directly by the User.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if Shiny Box, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by our Products easily by uninstalling the Products or discontinuing their use in the case of Social Media outlets. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at info@shinyboxinteractive.com. Doing so in some cases may remove your use to our Products based on the type of service used.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided by using our Products, please contact us at info@shinyboxinteractive.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Product to function properly. We cannot access 3rd Party collected data for deletion. Refer to the individual Privacy Policies located at the end of this notice.
Children
We do not use our Products to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@shinyboxinteractive.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. Please note we cannot access 3rd Party Collected data for deletion. Refer to the individual Privacy Policies located at the end of this notice.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Products. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at this web address www.shinyboxinteractive.com/privacy.html. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use constitutes approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using our Products, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards where applicable. Please note we cannot access 3rd Party Collected data for storage. Refer to the individual Privacy Policies located at the end of this notice.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@shinyboxinteractive.com.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Google:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Microsoft:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Apple:
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Amazon:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Discourse:
http://www.discourse.org/privacy-policy/
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php