Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how Dynamix US, LLC
                ("Dynamix" or "we") collects, uses, and shares your personal information while you play Dynamix games
                ("Games") and/or use Dynamix games website that link to this Privacy Policy ("Website").
We aim to minimize how much personal information we
                collect from users when they play the Games or use the Website. Our data collection is limited to the
                following types of data, which do not identify you personally but may uniquely identify the device you
                are using to play to the Games or use the Website ("Device"). In some countries, this type of data may
                be considered as personal information.
Device Information means technical information about your
                Device. When we refer to Device Information, this means your operating system and operating system
                version, network information, the brand and manufacturer of your Device, the language you’ve set for
                your Device and the version of the Game installed on your Device.
When you make in-app purchases in the Games, we do not
                collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This information is collected and
                stored by your platform (e.g. Apple App Store, Google Play or Amazon App Store).
Yes. Like most companies, we use tools from service
                providers to help us with various parts of our business ("Service Providers"), and depending on the
                service we need, these Service Providers may have access to your personal information. For example, we
                use Google's Firebase service to collect crashes of the Games.
We contractually require all Service Providers to treat
                your personal information as confidential information and to only use it for the services we need.
                However, we do not have direct control over how Service Providers use your personal information and we
                cannot guarantee that our Service Providers will use your personal information as required in our
                contract with them. For this reason, we are not responsible for our Service Providers’ misuse of your
                personal information.
In addition to our Service Providers, our Ad Partners may
                also have access to your personal information.
How long we store your personal information will depend on
                the purpose that we originally collected it. We will not retain personal information for longer than is
                necessary for our business or for legal requirements.
As an online business, it is important for us to know how
                users interact with our Website and Games. We and our Service Providers will collect your Location
                Information, Device Information, and Advertising IDs so that we can deliver our Games and Website
                services to our users, measure, analyze, and improve performance of the Games and Website, and to
                continually update and develop our Games and Website. For example, we will use this information to
                assess the difficulty level of Games, fix any bugs or errors in the Games, evaluate the demographic of
                our users, and to determine whether or not we need to support a new Device type for the Games.
A. Ad Partner Technologies
To help us keep our Games running, we show ads in our
                Games with the help of third-party advertising partners ("Ad Partners"). We integrate Ad Partners’
                technologies into our Games which are then used by the Ad Partners to determine what kind of ads to
                display to you.
i. Do Ad Partners Collect My Personal Information?
In order to show you ads that you might interesting and/or
                relevant ("Targeted Ads"), Ad Partners collect and use your Advertising ID, Location Information, and
                Device Information. If location services are enabled in your Device settings, the Ad Partners may
                additionally collect your geolocation information. Because these Ad Partners’ technologies control what
                kind of personal information is collected from your Device and how it is used, we encourage you to
                review their respective privacy policies.
ii. How to Opt-Out of Receiving Targeted Ads.
If you do not want to receive Targeted Ads on your mobile
                Device, your mobile Device may give you the option to opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads on all apps on
                your Device. On Android Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Opt out of Ads Personalization”
                setting. On iOS Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting. In addition, you
                may be able to opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads from a specific Ad Partner. Please review our Ad
                Partner list found here to see if an Ad Partner offers the ability to opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads.
                Please note that if you opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads, you will still receive contextual ads, which
                are non-targeted ads related to the content of the Game you are playing.
B. Ads for the Games on Third-Party Websites and/or Apps
In addition to running ads in our Games, we also run ads
                to promote our Games in third-party websites and/or apps. When we run our own ads in third-party
                websites and/or apps, Service Providers help us optimize and measure performance of our ads and use
                their own tracking technologies to track Game installs and clicks and/or impressions of our ads. In some
                cases, we will share your hashed or anonymized Advertising ID with our Ad Partners so that the Ad
                Partner can help us market and promote our Games. In these cases, Ad Partners perform as Dynamix's
                Service Providers and we contractually require such Ad Partners to only use your personal information on
                our behalf.
We do not knowingly collect children’s personal
                information without parental consent, except as permitted under applicable laws such as the U.S.
                Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
                For example, Dynamix, its Service Providers, and its Ad Partners may collect personal information
                strictly to support Dynamix’s internal operations and/or legitimate interests, such as analytics and to
                serve children with contextual ads.
Our Website doesn't use cookies.
Throughout the Website, you may see links to third-party
                websites or applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites,
                and when accessing their sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
The security of your personal information is important to
                us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect your information, both during
                transmission and once it is received. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
                electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. While no
                security system is completely secure, we and our Service Provider stake appropriate security measures to
                protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information collected by us. For Dynamix, this
                includes, but is not limited to, ensuring that all of your information is disclosed only on a "need to
                know" basis and ensuring that all information collected by Dynamix is done so via secured connections
                and protected and encrypted (using secure socket layer technology, "SSL") by industrial grade security
                software to guard against unauthorized access.
A. Business. We don't share your personal information for
                business reasons.
B. Legal. We may disclose information you provide to
                respond to subpoenas, court orders, requests from authorities, and other legal process, and to
                establish/exercise our legal rights. We may also disclose your information to defend against legal
                claims when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the
                safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. We may share your information
                in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, and
                situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or as otherwise required by
                law.
Please contact us at
                help@dynamix.games.
A. Legal Basis for Processing. Our legal basis for
                collecting, using, and sharing your personal information will depend on the purpose for which we use
                your personal information. Typically, we will rely on the following legal bases for processing your
                personal information: (i) your consent; (ii) where our processing is in our legitimate interest or in
                the legitimate interest of our Ad Partners or Service Providers; or (iii) where our processing is
                necessary to perform a contract with you (e.g. to make the Games or Website accessible to you). If we
                rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent
                at any time.
B. Transfer of Personal Information Outside of the EU.
                Because our Service Providers are located in countries outside of the European Union, your personal
                information may be transferred to other countries that may not offer the same level of data protection
                as the laws of your country of residence. We rely on model contractual clauses and/or the Privacy Shield
                certification for such transfers.
C. How to File Complaints. If you believe your rights
                under the GDPR have been violated, you may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your
                country of residence.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding our
                privacy practices, then please first contact us.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or
                about our use of your personal information, then you may contact us at help@dynamix.games.