Take the guesswork out of following a low-carb diet, lose body fat & feel great!
KetoDiet app is
FREE
to download!
iPhone & iPad
Google Play
Privacy Policy
Share
Follow us
261.1k
How do we use your data?
Information we collect
KetoDiet Challenges
KetoDiet App
Changes in the policy
Your Consent
Cookies Policy
Your Consent
Advertising
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.1)
Legal
How do we use your data?
We never sell, share or utilise your data for marketing purposes.
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application KetoDiet & KetoDiet Basic (“Application”) for mobile devices and KetoDiet Challenges created by Compumaster Ltd.
Information we collect
Email address when creating a KetoDiet account to either join KetoDiet Challenges or to enable Data Sync in the KetoDiet app.
When creating an account you are also subscribed to our newsletter so we can keep you informed on website & app updates. You can unsubscribe from our newsletter using the link included in the footer of all newsletter emails.
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous visitor information and track traffic to our website. You can find out what information Google collects
here
KetoDiet Challenges
When you participate in one of our Challenges then the data you provide (weight, measurements, goals, photos & community messages) are stored on our servers. If you'd like us to delete your account please
contact us
.
KetoDiet App
Anonymous usage data, in order to improve the user experience.
When Data Sync is enabled, we store your data encrypted on a secure server. Your data is only accessible by you and is never shared with any third parties. We never access or examine your data without your prior permission.
All users can request to have all their online data deleted in the KetoDiet app via Profile > Data Sync.
Changes in the policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and if possible informing you via email. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By joining our Challenges & using our KetoDiet app, you are consenting to the privacy policy as stated above.
Cookies Policy
'Cookies' are small text files stored by the web browser on a users computer.
KetoDietApp.com uses cookies to store information that speed up our websites and provide convenience for users. Here's some examples of how we use cookies:
Our keto calculator and body fat calculator use cookies to store the user's last entered data. This is done so that users don't have to enter their data every time they use our calculators.
Our promo giveaways use cookies to ensure that users can access their app promo codes long after they have been issued.
Our keto challenges use cookies to store a users profile and speed up browsing.
Your Consent
By continuing to browse KetoDietApp.com you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Advertising
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.1)
The Website works with Mediavine to manage third-party interest-based advertising appearing on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons, and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies, and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at
All About Cookies
.
Without cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site. In the event you opt-out, you will still see non-personalized advertisements on the Website.
The Website collects the following data using a cookie when serving personalized ads:
IP Address
Operating System type
Operating System version
Device Type
Language of the website
Web browser type
Email (in hashed form)
Mediavine Partners (companies listed below with whom Mediavine shares data) may also use this data to link to other end-user information the partner has independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements. Mediavine Partners may also separately collect data about end users from other sources, such as advertising IDs or pixels, and link that data to data collected from Mediavine publishers in order to provide interest-based advertising across your online experience, including devices, browsers, and apps. This data includes usage data, cookie information, device information, information about interactions between users and advertisements and websites, geolocation data, traffic data, and information about a visitor’s referral source to a particular website. Mediavine Partners may also create unique IDs to create audience segments, which are used to provide targeted advertising.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit the
National Advertising Initiative opt-out page
. You may also visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance website
and
Network Advertising Initiative website
to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app
to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
For specific information about Mediavine Partners, the data each collects, and their data collection and privacy policies, please visit
Mediavine Partners
.
Legal
You can find our Disclaimer & Affiliate Program Disclosure here.
Do you like this page?
Share it with your friends!
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Related Posts
Legal
The KetoDiet Policy for Evidence-Based Information
Keto Diet Glossary: Ketogenic Diet Terminology
Announcing the New Free KetoDiet Quiz App!
30-Day January KetoDiet Challenge
Looking for healthy low-carb and keto recipes? We've got you covered!
I'm Martina, a x10
cookbook author
, top rated
keto diet app creator
, recipe developer, food photographer, writer, and a firm believer in low-carb living.
Here at KetoDiet App we share easy low-carb, keto and gluten-free recipes as well as expert articles to help you make informed choices.
More about us
The Most Complete App
Unlimited meal plans, intelligent fasting, advanced keto tracker, and AI assistant for your seamless keto journey.
Get Started for Free
Best Selling Books
From the most satiating fat-fuelled breakfasts to the easiest sugar free desserts, our ketogenic cookbooks make low-carb eating effortless and delicious. Get ready to be inspired.
Find out more
Want to learn more about keto?
Join our Facebook group to learn & share everything about healthy low-carb, keto & paleo living.
Join Our Community
We ♥ new friends
261.1k
25.8k
148.4k
174.0k
36.6k
10.6k
We also have an RSS feed
Featured in
Search
KetoDiet
Data and Cookie Consent
To provide a more personal user experience, we and our
214 partners
use technology such as cookies to store and/or access device information.
      By clicking “Accept,” you consent to the use of these technologies which will allow us and
our partners
to process personal data such as IP address, unique ID, and browsing data on this site.
To manage your consent preferences, please click on the “Manage Settings” button.
      You can withdraw or update your consent preferences at any time by clicking the 
      “Update Privacy Settings” link at the bottom of the website.
We use your data to: Store and/or access information on a device; Use limited data to select advertising; Create profiles for personalized advertising; Use profiles to select personalized advertising; Create profiles to personalize content; Use profiles to select personalized content; Measure advertising performance; Measure content performance; Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources; Develop and improve services; Use limited data to select content; Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors; Deliver and present advertising and content; Save and communicate privacy choices.
Manage Settings
Reject All
Accept
Update Privacy Settings