1. (About privacy policy)
This privacy policy is a policy that defines the handling of personal information of customers obtained by the Company and information providers, etc., in connection with the use of this service operated by the Company.
2. (Definition of terms)
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the following meanings. This privacy policy is a part of the terms of use (hereinafter referred to as the "terms of use"), and terms not defined in this privacy policy shall be synonymous with the terms stipulated in the terms of use.
① “Personal information” means information about a living individual as stipulated in the “Act on the Protection of Personal Information” (hereinafter referred to as the “Personal Information Protection Act”), including name, date of birth, address, Information that can identify a specific individual by contact information (including telephone number, email address, etc.) and other descriptions.
② “Attribute information” refers to the time zone of use, environment of use, method of use, gender, occupation, age, IP address used by the customer, mobile phone It refers to the individual identification information of the terminal, the information of the product you purchased, the information of the page you viewed, etc. In addition, attribute information shall include personal information provided to third parties such as information providers for the purpose of operation, management, quality and functional improvement of this service specified in "4. Purpose of use". .
3. (How to acquire personal information and attribute information)
In operating this service, we will acquire your personal information and attribute information mainly by the following methods.
(1) Name, postal code, address, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail entered by the customer when registering customer information for the Service, purchasing products at affiliated stores, using the Service, etc. All information provided by the customer, such as address, gender, date of birth, credit card information, delivery address, etc.
(2) Transaction history, browsing history, method of use, environment of use, etc. that occur when the customer uses, browses, applies for, or applies for services provided by the Company or information providers, etc. All information related to the customer's usage status, such as time of use, subscription to e-mail magazines, etc.
(3) In order for the customer to use this service, the customer's IP address when connecting and accessing the Internet, the individual identification number of the mobile terminal, the type and version of the browser used, and other cookies and web beacons Access information using (Web beacon) technology
4. (Purpose of use)
The Company will use personal information and attribute information acquired by the Company and information providers for the following purposes.
(1) When the customer authenticates himself/herself at the time of logging in and after logging in when using this service or services incidental to this service (including functions), and when customer information is automatically displayed on various screens.
(2) When the customer makes payment for the use of this service, makes inquiries regarding the use of this service to our company and information providers, etc., and when it is necessary for the execution of other transactions
(3) When the Company or an information provider, etc., provides information such as various e-mail magazines with the prior consent of the customer.
④ When the Company and information providers provide information on the Service by e-mail, postal mail, telephone, etc.
(5) When personalizing the Service, etc. viewed and used by the Customer using the System of the Service, and when developing or planning new services, or improving existing services;
⑥ When contacting customers in relation to opinions and information exchanges on reviews, questionnaires, campaigns, bulletin boards, etc. of this service
⑦ When receiving inquiries from customers to our company or information providers by e-mail, mail, telephone, etc.
(8) When used to the extent necessary for the provision of this service in connection with (1) to (7) above
(9) When personal information and attribute information are provided to information providers, etc., in accordance with the "Handling of Personal Information and Attribute Information"
⑩ In addition, when personal information and attribute information are used for purposes not stipulated in ① to ⑨ in this service. In this case, we will make a statement to that effect within the Service.
5. (Regarding external transmission of information from your device)
In order to collect statistical data such as service usage status and display advertisements within the service, the Company uses the following information collection module created by a third party independent of the function of this application. .
①
Provided by: Google, LLC
Name: Google AdMob
Acquired information: Advertisement-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
②
Provided by: Google, Inc.
Name: Crashlytics
Obtained information: Crash-related information
Purpose of use: To operate and improve this application
③
Provider: Google, LLC
Name: Google Analytics SDK
Acquired information: customer behavior history
Purpose of use: To investigate trends in usage
④
Provider: Google, LLC
Name: Firebase
Acquired information: user's action history
Purpose of use: To investigate usage trends, to measure advertising effectiveness, and to deliver push notifications
⑤
Provided to: LINE Corporation
Name: LINE Ad Network
Acquired information: Advertisement-related information
Purpose of use: To distribute and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, to improve fraud and security measures and performance in the advertisement distribution system
⑥
Provided by: Unity Software Inc.
Name: ironSource
Acquired information: Advertisement-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑦
Provided by: Meta Platforms, Inc.
Name: Meta
Acquired information: Advertisement-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑧
By: TikTok for Business
Name: Pangle
Acquired information: Advertisement-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑨
By: Applovin Corp.
Name: AppLovin
Acquired information: Advertisement-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑩
Provided by: Unity Technologies
Name: Unity Ads
Acquired information: Advertising-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑪
Provided to: InMobi Pte.
Name: InMobi
Acquired information: Advertising-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑫
Provider: Google, LLC
Name: RemoteConfig
Acquired information: user's action history
Purpose of use: For trend research on usage, for app menu settings
⑬
Offered to: OneSignal, Inc.
Name: One Signal
Acquired information: user's action history
Purpose of use: To investigate usage trends, to deliver push notifications
⑭
Provided to: Supership Inc.
Name: AdGeneration
Acquired information: Advertising-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑮
Offered to: Amazon.com, Inc.
Name: Amazon Publisher Services
Acquired information: Advertising-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑯
Offered to: Liftoff, Inc.
Name: Vungle
Acquired information: Advertising-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑰
Provided by: Unity Software Inc.
Name: Tapjoy
Acquired information: Advertising-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
⑱
Provided to: i-mobile Co., Ltd.
Name: i-mobile Ad Network
Acquired information: Advertising-related information
Purpose of use: To deliver optimal advertisements, verify and improve advertising effectiveness, and conduct marketing analysis
*The information collection module is a program created by a third party that is independent of the function of the app itself and analyzes the frequency of advertisement display and app usage.
*Please check the terms of use and privacy policy of each information collection module for the items of information to be acquired, the purpose of use, whether or not it is provided to third parties, and how to opt out.
6. (Handling of personal information and attribute information)
The Company and information providers handle personal information and attribute information as follows.
①We will use personal information and attribute information in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act and the Personal Information Protection Policy.
(2) The Company shall, within the scope necessary to achieve “4.
You agree in advance that the information may be used jointly with affiliated information providers. We do not provide personal information to third parties, including information providers, unless it falls under “4. Purpose of use”.
(3) Personal information and attribute information to be used jointly with information providers, etc. (hereinafter referred to as “joint use”) shall be the same as “3. Acquisition method of personal information and attribute information”. In addition, the scope of shared use will be limited to information providers, etc., and the purpose of use will be limited to the scope specified in "4. Purpose of Use". In addition, in the case of shared use by information providers, etc., we are obligated to handle it in accordance with this privacy policy. However, we do not guarantee that information providers will comply with this. For details, please contact the information provider.
7. (Responsibility for management of personal information and attribute information)
Our company is responsible for managing personal information and attribute information obtained from customers, including joint use. Therefore, the Company implements the following security control measures.
(1) Systematic security control measures
・In accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act, guidelines, and information security management standards,
Improvement of internal system
・Establishment of a communication system for the person in charge and related parties in the event of an accident such as information leakage
・Procedures when outsourcing the handling of confidential information, including personal information and attribute information, to a third party (preliminary
Evaluation of outsourced parties, conclusion of contracts stipulating the outsourced parties' obligations regarding the handling of the information, etc.) and
Development of post-contract supervision system
(2) Personnel safety management measures
・Implementation of regular education on information security for our employees
・Acquisition of written pledge from employees to the effect that personal information will be handled appropriately
(3) Physical security control measures
・Mechanisms used by the Company to provide the Service, such as the use of secure information communication equipment
device limit
④Technical security control measures
・Anyone other than the users (employees) of the relevant information within our company cannot use, view, etc.
enforcement of access restrictions
・Regarding information systems that handle confidential information, including personal information and attribute information,
implementation of security measures to protect against access or unauthorized software;
・In order to ensure security, when transmitting data related to part of personal information and attribute information,
Use of SSL communication for the purpose of preventing interception, interference, or falsification of information
8. (Regarding the accuracy and safety of personal information and attribute information data)
In order to ensure the accuracy and up-to-dateness of your personal information and attribute information, our company and information providers may request your cooperation. Regarding personal information and attribute information received from customers, if there is no login (including use) to this service for about two consecutive years, the customer's information will be deleted. However, in such a case or if the customer withdraws, the information will be stored on our server for about 6 months after the completion of the deletion procedure in case of unforeseen circumstances.
9. (window)
Regarding the handling of personal information and attribute information, if a customer requests disclosure of personal information and its purpose of use, correction of content, etc., we will confirm the identity of the customer and then Unless otherwise specified, we will respond within a reasonable period of time. For other inquiries regarding personal information and attribute information, please contact the following contact point.
In the following cases, we will not be able to respond to requests regarding your personal information.
① If you cannot verify your identity
(2) When the power of attorney cannot be confirmed when a request is made by an agent
③ When the subject of various requests does not fall under the personal data handled by our company
(4) If corrections, etc. are not necessary from the viewpoint of the purpose of use, or if it is incorrect to point out that there is an error
combination
⑤ If there is no reason for requesting suspension of use, etc.
⑥If the third party is provided without violating the Personal Information Protection Law
(7) When stipulated by the Personal Information Protection Act and other laws and regulations
〒150-0002
1-17-8 Shibuya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
Matsuoka Shibuya Building
Japan Enterprise Co., Ltd.
03-5774-5730
privacy@nihon-e.co.jp
10. (Notification to the individual and reporting to the Personal Information Protection Commission)
In the event that personal information is leaked, etc., we will notify the person in question and report to the Personal Information Protection Commission in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law.
11. (others)
This privacy policy may be revised in accordance with revisions or abolitions of laws, changes in social conditions, changes in our system, etc. In this case, we will notify you on this service.
Established and revised on April 1, 2014
Revised June 6, 2022
Revised June 5, 2023