Privacy Policy
Please visit this website
periodically to check for updates to our Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users. We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us. For example, the information you give us when you sign up for an Account or information you give us when you contact us for customer support. When you do, we might ask for Personal Information, such as your name, email address, care-giver information, telephone number, credit card or payment information, billing information.
Information we get from your use of our app, services and communication with Constant Therapy. We may collect information about the Constant Therapy app and services that you use and how you use them, like the therapy tasks, activities, or exercises you perform with the Constant Therapy app. This information includes:
Device information
We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).
Log information
When you use our services or view content provided by Constant Therapy, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This may include:
details of how you used our service, such as your therapy tasks.
device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, language, the date and time of your requests.
Location information
If the user provides explicit permission, user’s location information might be collected as part of the service.
Unique application numbers
The unique application number of the Constant Therapy app and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Constant Therapy when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Therapy or exercise information
We may collect and store user’s therapy tasks, activities, or exercises and any other medical or non-medical information generated or provided by the user to setup or use Constant Therapy. We do not collect or store any medical or non-medical information from outside sources, such as the information you might have given to your doctor or clinician outside Constant Therapy, unless they input that information into Constant Therapy.. This information includes any and all interactions you have with the Constant Therapy apps, email or phone communications with Constant Therapy, and social media or online interactions you have with Constant Therapy.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as application data caches or application specific files.
Care-Givers, Clinicians and Patients
We may collect and store information about the relationship between patients, care-givers and clinicians when you provide such information to us.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of the apps, services and other communication with you to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Constant Therapy and our users. We might also use this information to offer you tailored content or services – for example, giving you more relevant therapy content or tasks or exercises, access to clinicians, and access to any services we deem appropriate for your use.
We may disclose limited information about your usage of Constant Therapy to your caregiver or any other person available at the contact information you provide to us. If confidential communication is required, please provide us with the contact information that is only accessible to you. We may use personally identifiable information you provide to us (such as your “username”) to represent you across other users of Constant Therapy’s services or apps. For example, a user’s username may be visible to his / her clinician or to other users and vice-versa.
When you contact Constant Therapy, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address or phone number to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements, or benefits.
We use secure third party services to process your payments and do not store your credit card or banking information on our servers. If you provide any financial information to us when you contact us for customer support, this information is only used for the purpose of resolving the issue you contact us about.
We use information collected from your usage of our app and services to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.
We may combine personal information with therapy, exercises, activities, or task performance, or other medical or non-medical information to offer you personalized service – for example, to inform you of user groups that might be of interest to you or people similar to you.
In addition, we may use information collected from your use of Constant Therapy for any commercial or non-commercial purpose, as long as your personal information is protected or de-identified. For example, we may analyze data collected from your use of Constant Therapy to determine therapies that work for specific populations and publish this data or use it for commercial purposes.
Constant Therapy may process your personal information on a server located outside the state or country where you live.
If a user provides explicit consent (via electronic means), Constant Therapy might provide personally identifiable information about the user to other users of Constant Therapy’s products or services (such as other users of the Constant Therapy app) or to other third parties.
EULA Last Revised: 1 September, 2021
Privacy Policy Last Revised: 11 August, 2020