Privacy Policy
Joseph Merrill ("Joe Merrill", "the Developer") provides this Privacy Policy ("policy") that explains how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information.
Internet Transmissions
By using this website, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Developer through this website may be read or intercepted by others. This statement also applies to encrypted transmissions.
Cookies and Other Technologies
The Developer's website may set cookies on your computer. Furthermore, other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons may be used. These technologies help us better understand and measure our website visits and usage, searches, ad campaigns and user behavior. Information collected by cookies and other technologies is considered non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
The Developer's Cookie Policy applies to the use of this website. The terms and conditions set forth in the Developer's Cookie Policy are made a part of these terms and conditions by this reference. To view the Developer's Cookie Policy, please
click here
.
What We May Collect
We may collect the following information when you utilize the Contact Us form and/or engage in correspondence outside the realms of this website.
Your Name
Your Email Address and/or Other Contact Information
Other Information
Email Headers — Besides the most common identifiers (to, from, date, subject), email headers also provide information on the route an email takes as it is transferred from one computer to another.
This information is collected to improve our products and services. During correspondence, the Developer may solicit more information for clarification. However, this information (e.g., software version, device model) is generally related to your use of our products and services.
Although the Contact Us form is hosted by the Developer's website provider, correspondence through the Contact Us form is sent as an email to our email service provider. Email may be stored with the Developer and/or its provider during correspondence with you. Approximately 60 days after correspondence has ceased, email (both received and sent) is marked for deletion.
Children
The Developer does not knowingly collect personal information from or correspond with children under 16. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 16, we will take reasonable and necessary steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Third-Party Websites and Services
The Developer's website, products and services may contain links to or use third-party websites, products, and services. Information collected by third-parties is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third-parties.
Mobile App Specific Details
Advertisements
The Developer’s mobile apps may contain advertisements. This method of monetization keeps the app and its continued development free for you. Mobile advertising platforms are utilized by the developer for this purpose. When policies, laws or regulations allow, your data may be used to show relevant (personalized) ads. More information about our partners can be found by visiting the following links.
Google AdMob
Children
Unless specifically stated by an age rating, the Developer’s mobile apps are generally designed with everyone in mind. Therefore, our apps are often used by children and older audiences alike. For the purposes of this policy, a person under the age of 16 is considered a child.
Mechanisms may be implemented to comply with applicable policies, laws or regulations. For example, age screens (see below), feature disabling, and/or setting a maximum content rating for ads.
Age Screen
An age screen may be implemented to comply with applicable policies, laws or regulations. For example, ads not suitable for children are only shown to older audiences. Your answer to the Age Screen is not sent to the Developer or our advertising partners. It is only used to match appropriate content ratings for ads or disable features such as in-app purchases.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Consent may be asked from those in the European Economic Area (EEA) prior to displaying relevant (personalized) ads. If consent is not granted and less relevant (non-personalized) are preferred, we’ll partner with Google and use a unique identifier on your device to respect your data usage choice. You can change your choice at anytime in the app settings.
Changes and Updates
The Developer reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this policy, in whole or in part. Changes will be effective when such change is posted. Your continued use of this website after any changes to this policy are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Updated May 5, 2020