Skycode Ltd. Offline translator apps privacy policy

Use of camera and microphone
 
The apps require permission to use the camera and microphone of your device only for the purpose of inputting text. 
All pictures remain within your device. The sound recorded may be passed to Google Search application only for the purpose of voice recognition.

Survey Serving Technology

This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data (including information about the apps which the user has installed in his mobile phone) is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.

APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.

----------------------------------------

Skycode Ltd. Traductors sin conexión
Política de privacidad

Uso de cámara y micrófono
 
Las aplicaciones requieren permiso para utilizar la cámara y el micrófono de su dispositivo sólo con el fin de introducir texto.
Todas las imágenes permanecen dentro de su dispositivo. El sonido grabado se puede pasar a la aplicación de búsqueda de Google sólo con el propósito de reconocimiento de voz.

Tecnología de servicio de encuestas

Esta aplicación utiliza Pollfish SDK. Pollfish es una plataforma de encuestas en línea, a través de la cual cualquiera puede realizar encuestas. Pollfish colabora con Desarrolladores de aplicaciones para teléfonos inteligentes a fin de tener acceso a los usuarios de dichas aplicaciones y responder cuestionarios de encuestas. Cuando un usuario se conecta a esta aplicación, un conjunto específico de datos del dispositivo del usuario (incluyendo ID de publicidad que Pollfish puede procesar solo en estricto cumplimiento con las políticas de google play y / u otros datos del dispositivo) y metadatos de respuesta (incluida información sobre las aplicaciones que el usuario ha instalado en su teléfono móvil) se envía automáticamente a los servidores de Pollfish, para que Pollfish pueda discernir si el usuario es elegible para una encuesta. Para obtener una lista completa de los datos recibidos por Pollfish a través de esta aplicación, lea cuidadosamente los términos de encuestados de Pollfish que se encuentran en https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. Estos datos se asociarán con sus respuestas a los cuestionarios siempre que Pollfish presente dichos cuestionarios a los usuarios elegibles. Al descargar la aplicación, acepta este documento de política de privacidad y por este medio da su consentimiento para que Pollfish procese los datos antes mencionados. Además, se le informa que puede deshabilitar el funcionamiento de Pollfish en cualquier momento mediante el uso de la "sección de exclusión" de Pollfish, disponible en el sitio web de Pollfish. Una vez más, lo invitamos a que consulte los términos de uso del encuestado, si desea tener una visión más detallada de la forma en que funciona Pollfish.

APPLE, GOOGLE Y AMAZON NO SON UN PATROCINADOR NI ESTÁN INVOLUCRADOS DE ALGUNA FORMA EN ESTE CONCURSO / SORTEO. NO SE UTILIZAN PRODUCTOS APPLE COMO PREMIOS.
-----------------------------------------

Skycode Ltd. Applicazioni traduttore offline
Politica sulla riservatezza

L'uso della macchina fotografica e microfono
 
Le applicazioni richiedono il permesso di utilizzare la fotocamera e il microfono del dispositivo solo per lo scopo di immissione del testo.
Tutte le immagini rimangono all'interno del vostro dispositivo. Il suono registrato può essere passato a Google applicazione Ricerca al solo scopo di riconoscimento vocale.

Tecnologia di indagine

Questa app utilizza Pollfish SDK. Pollfish è una piattaforma di sondaggi on-line, attraverso la quale chiunque può condurre sondaggi. Pollfish collabora con gli sviluppatori di applicazioni per smartphone al fine di avere accesso agli utenti di tali applicazioni e indirizzare loro questionari di indagine. Quando un utente si connette a questa app, un insieme specifico di dati del dispositivo dell'utente (incluso ID pubblicità che possono essere elaborati da Pollfish solo in stretta conformità con le norme di Google Play e / o altri dati del dispositivo) e metadati della risposta (comprese le informazioni sulle app che l'utente ha installato sul suo telefono cellulare) viene inviata automaticamente ai server Pollfish, in modo che Pollfish possa discernere se l'utente è idoneo per un sondaggio. Per un elenco completo dei dati ricevuti da Pollfish tramite questa app, si prega di leggere attentamente i termini di risposta di Pollfish che si trovano su https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. Questi dati saranno associati alle risposte ai questionari ogni volta che Pollfish invia tali questionari agli utenti idonei. Scaricando l'applicazione accetti questo documento sulla privacy e dichiari il tuo consenso per l'elaborazione da parte di Pollfish dei suddetti dati. Inoltre, si informa che è possibile disabilitare l'operazione Pollfish in qualsiasi momento utilizzando la sezione "opt-out" di Pollfish disponibile sul sito Web di Pollfish. Ancora una volta ti invitiamo a verificare i termini di utilizzo del rispondente, se desideri avere una visione più dettagliata del modo in cui Pollfish funziona.

APPLE, GOOGLE E AMAZON NON SONO SPONSOR E NON SONO COINVOLTI IN NESSUN MODO IN QUESTO CONCORSO / DISEGNO. NESSUN PRODOTTO DI APPLE VERRANNO UTILIZZATI COME PREMI.
------------------------------------------

Skycode Ltd. Applications de traducteur hors ligne
Politique de confidentialité

Utilisation de la caméra et du microphone
 
Les applications nécessitent l'autorisation d'utiliser la caméra et le microphone de votre appareil uniquement pour la saisie de texte.
Toutes les images restent dans votre appareil. Le son enregistré ne peut être transmis à l'application de recherche Google que pour la reconnaissance vocale.

Technologie de sondage

Cette application utilise Pollfish SDK. Pollfish est une plate-forme d'enquête en ligne, à travers laquelle tout le monde peut mener des enquêtes. Pollfish collabore avec les développeurs d'applications pour smartphones afin d'avoir accès aux utilisateurs de telles applications et de leur adresser des questionnaires d'enquête. Lorsqu'un utilisateur se connecte à cette application, un ensemble spécifique de données de l'utilisateur (y compris un identifiant publicitaire qui peut être traité par Pollfish uniquement en stricte conformité avec les politiques de Google Play et / ou d'autres données de l'appareil) et des méta-données de réponse sur les applications que l'utilisateur a installées sur son téléphone portable) est automatiquement envoyé aux serveurs Pollfish, afin que Pollfish puisse déterminer si l'utilisateur est éligible pour un sondage. Pour une liste complète des données reçues par Pollfish grâce à cette application, s'il vous plaît lire attentivement les termes des répondants Pollfish situé à https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. Ces données seront associées à vos réponses aux questionnaires chaque fois que Pollfish soumet de tels questionnaires aux utilisateurs éligibles. En téléchargeant l'application, vous acceptez ce document de politique de confidentialité et vous donnez votre consentement pour le traitement par Pollfish des données susmentionnées. En outre, vous êtes informé que vous pouvez désactiver l'opération Pollfish à tout moment en utilisant la section «Désactiver» de Pollfish disponible sur le site Web de Pollfish. Nous vous invitons une fois de plus à vérifier les conditions d'utilisation du répondant, si vous souhaitez avoir une vision plus détaillée du fonctionnement de Pollfish.

APPLE, GOOGLE ET AMAZON NE SONT PAS DES COMMANDITAIRES NI NE SONT IMPLIQUÉS DE QUELQUE MANIÈRE QUE CE SOIT DANS CE CONCOURS / TIRAGE. AUCUN PRODUIT DE POMME N'EST UTILISÉ COMME PRIX.
-------------------------------------------

Skycode Ltd. Offline-Übersetzer-Apps
Datenschutz-Bestimmungen

Verwendung von Kamera und Mikrofon
 
Die Apps benötigen die Berechtigung, die Kamera und das Mikrofon Ihres Gerätes nur für die Eingabe von Text zu verwenden.
Alle Bilder bleiben auf Ihrem Gerät. Der aufgenommene Ton kann nur zum Zweck der Spracherkennung an die Google-Suche übermittelt werden.

Umfrage-Serving-Technologie

Diese App verwendet Pollfish SDK. Pollfish ist eine Online-Umfrageplattform, über die jedermann Umfragen durchführen kann. Pollfish arbeitet mit Entwicklern von Anwendungen für Smartphones zusammen, um Zugang zu Nutzern solcher Anwendungen zu erhalten und Umfragefragebögen an diese zu richten. Wenn ein Nutzer eine Verbindung zu dieser App herstellt, werden bestimmte Gerätedaten des Nutzers (einschließlich Werbe-ID, die von Pollfish möglicherweise nur in Übereinstimmung mit Google Play-Richtlinien und / oder anderen Gerätedaten verarbeitet werden) und Antwort-Metadaten (einschließlich Informationen) verarbeitet über die Apps, die der Benutzer auf seinem Mobiltelefon installiert hat) wird automatisch an Pollfish-Server gesendet, damit Pollfish erkennen kann, ob der Benutzer zu einer Umfrage berechtigt ist. Um eine vollständige Liste der Daten zu erhalten, die Pollfish über diese App erhalten hat, lesen Sie bitte sorgfältig die Nutzungsbedingungen von Pollfish unter https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. Diese Daten werden mit Ihren Antworten auf die Fragebögen verknüpft, wenn Pollfish solche Fragebögen an berechtigte Benutzer sendet. Mit dem Herunterladen der Anwendung akzeptieren Sie dieses Datenschutzdokument und Sie stimmen hiermit der Verarbeitung der oben genannten Daten durch Pollfish zu. Darüber hinaus werden Sie darüber informiert, dass Sie den Pollfish-Betrieb jederzeit deaktivieren können, indem Sie den auf der Pollfish-Website verfügbaren "Opt-out-Bereich" von Pollfish verwenden. Wir laden Sie noch einmal dazu ein, die Nutzungsbedingungen des Befragten zu überprüfen, wenn Sie eine detailliertere Darstellung der Arbeitsweise von Pollfish wünschen.

APPLE, GOOGLE UND AMAZON SIND KEINE SPONSOREN UND SIND IN DIESEM WETTBEWERB NICHT VERBUNDEN. KEINE APFEL-PRODUKTE WERDEN ALS PREISE VERWENDET.
--------------------------------------------

Skycode Ltd. Çevrimdışı çevirmen uygulamaları
Gizlilik Politikası

Kamera ve mikrofonu kullanma
 
Uygulamalar, cihazınızın kamerasını ve mikrofonunu yalnızca metin girişi amacıyla kullanmak için izin ister.
Tüm resimler cihazınızda kalır. Kaydedilen ses, yalnızca ses tanıma amacıyla Google Arama uygulamasına geçirilebilir.

Anket sunma teknolojisi

Bu uygulama Pollfish SDK kullanıyor. Pollfish, herkesin anket yapabileceği çevrimiçi bir anket platformudur. Pollfish, bu tür uygulamaların kullanıcılarına erişebilmeleri ve anket anketlerini kendilerine yöneltebilmeleri için akıllı telefonlar için uygulama geliştiricileri ile birlikte çalışır. Bir kullanıcı bu uygulamaya bağlandığında, belirli bir kullanıcı cihaz verileri grubu (Pollfish tarafından yalnızca google oyun politikaları ve / veya diğer cihaz verileriyle sıkı bir şekilde uyumluluk gösterecek Reklam Kimliği dahil) ve yanıt meta verileri (bilgi dahil) Pollfish'in kullanıcının bir ankete katılıp katılmayacağını ayırt etmesi için, kullanıcının cep telefonuna yüklediği uygulamalar hakkında) otomatik olarak Pollfish sunucularına gönderilir. Bu uygulama ile Pollfish tarafından alınan verilerin tam listesi için, lütfen https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent adresinde bulunan Pollfish yanıt veren terimlerini okuyun. Pollfish, uygun kullanıcılara bu tür anketler gönderdiğinde, bu veriler anketlere vereceğiniz cevaplarla ilişkilendirilecektir. Uygulamayı indirerek, bu gizlilik politikası belgesini kabul edersiniz ve yukarıda belirtilen verilerin Pollfish tarafından işlenmesine izin vermiş olursunuz. Ayrıca, Pollfish'in Pollfish web sitesinde bulunan Pollfish “devre dışı bırakma” bölümünü kullanarak istediğiniz zaman Pollfish işlemini devre dışı bırakabileceğinizi bildirirsiniz. Pollfish'in çalışma şekli hakkında daha ayrıntılı bir görüş sahibi olmak istiyorsanız, sizi bir kez daha katılımcıların kullanım koşullarını kontrol etmeye davet ediyoruz.

APPLE, GOOGLE VE AMAZON SPONSOR NORMALARI BU YARIŞMADA / DRAW'DA HERHANGİ BİR ŞEKİLDE YER ALMAKTADIR. UYGULAMALAR OLARAK KULLANILAMAZ.
---------------------------------------------

Skycode Ltd. Приложения за офлайн превод
Декларация за поверителност

Използване на камерата и микрофона
 
Приложенията изискват разрешение за използване на камерата и микрофона на вашето устройство само за целите на въвеждане на текст.
Всички снимки остават на вашето устройство. Записаният звук може да бъде предаден на приложението Google Search  само за целите на разпознаване на глас.

Технология за анкетиране

Това приложение използва Pollfish SDK. Pollfish е онлайн платформа за анкетиране, чрез която всеки може да провежда анкети. Pollfish си сътрудничи с разработчиците на приложения за смартфони, за да има достъп до потребителите на такива приложения и да им предоставя анкети. Когато потребител се свърже с това приложение, специфичен набор от данни за устройството на потребителя (включително идентификационен номер за реклами, който може да бъде обработен от Pollfish само при стриктно спазване на правилата на Google Play и / или други данни за устройството) и метаданните (включително инфоремация за приложенията, които потребителят е инсталирал в мобилния си телефон) автоматично се изпраща на сървърите на Pollfish, за да може Pollfish да разпознае дали потребителят има право да участва в анкетата. За пълен списък с данни, получени от Pollfish чрез това приложение, моля, прочетете внимателно условията за респонденти на Pollfish, намиращи се на адрес https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. Тези данни ще бъдат свързани с вашите отговори на анкетите, когато Pollfish изпраща такива анкети на отговарящи на условията потребители. С изтеглянето на приложението приемате тази декларация за поверителност и с настоящото давате съгласието си за обработката от Pollfish на горепосочените данни. Освен това, Вие сте информирани, че можете да деактивирате работата на Pollfish по всяко време, като използвате раздела Pollfish "opt out section", който е на разположение на сайта на Pollfish. Още веднъж ви каним да проверите условията за ползване от респондента, ако искате да имате по-подробен поглед върху начина, по който Pollfish работи.

APPLE, GOOGLE и AMAZON НЕ СА СПОНСОРИ, НИТО СА УЧАСТНИЦИ В ТЕЗИ АНКЕТИ. ПРОДУКТИ НА ЕПЪЛ НЯМА ДА БЪДАТ ДАВАНИ КАТО НАГРАДИ