SKY GUIDE
TEAM
NEWS
SUPPORT
Privacy Policy
The Fifth Star Labs Privacy Policy was updated on May 24, 2018
Your privacy is important to us. This policy describes how Fifth Star Labs collects, stores and uses the information you provide through our website or any of our apps on the App Store. Our goal is to use this information to help create better products and user experiences—not to monetize it. We strive to use as little personal and non-personal information as possible to conduct service but there are specific cases where such use is necessary. By using our website or apps, you consent to this privacy policy.
Personal information we collect and use
Personal information, also known as personally identifiable information or personal data, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
If you have contacted us through the Fifth Star Labs website or via the Send Feedback or General Question options in Sky Guide, we may collect your name, email address and any other personal information you choose to provide. Based on this information, we may respond to your queries or comments at a current or future date.
If you have signed up for our mailing list through the Fifth Star Labs website, we may collect your email address to send you product news or other marketing messages. If you wish to stop receiving messages sent to our mailing list, you can unsubscribe through the links provided in the message.
This information will never be shared with any third parties except potentially in the specific cases outlined in the section ‘Disclosure to Third Parties’.
Non-personal information we collect and use
Non-personal information is data which, on its own, cannot be used to personally identify a single person. We do not combine non-personal information in any attempt to personally identify a single person.
If you have contacted us through the Send Feedback option in Sky Guide, we precompose an email including your specific hardware and software versions. Providing this information is optional and you are free to exclude it but doing so may prevent us from providing you with service if you are experiencing problems.
In Sky Guide, you may opt-in to receive notifications. These notifications require your location to function accurately which can be set either manually or granted through Location Services. In both cases, this location is ‘fuzzed’ to a radius of 5km before being sent to our servers along with an anonymous user token. None of this data is associated with any other identifying information. We never use notifications for marketing.
Other technologies
There is some data which is used by our apps but is not transmitted to our servers.
Location is an essential component in some of our products. For example, our Sky Guide app needs to know your location in order to accurately show you which stars are visible. By default, providing your location to the app does not transmit your location to us. However, if you are subscribed to receive notifications, your anonymized location data is sent to our servers (see previous section about notifications).
Camera permissions may be requested by Sky Guide if you are using the augmented reality mode of the app. We never collect any camera data.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We may disclose your information to third parties when it is necessary for legal purposes such as in response to court orders, litigation, or requests made by law enforcement or governmental authorities. Also, in the case of a future merger, sale, or partnership, we may transfer any personal information to the relevant third party.
Security
We protect your personal information during transit using Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption.
Any data our apps retrieve from third party databases are transferred via HTTP over TLS (HTTPS).
Retention and Deletion
Your personal information may be retained for any period necessary to satisfy the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Since we do not generate or store user accounts, we cannot delete them at your request because they do not exist. Likewise, with respect to requests for the data stored on a user account, we cannot provide this because it does not exist. To stop receiving emails from our mailing list, you can follow the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every mailing list email or request to be removed by
contacting us
.
Children
We do not collect information on children we know to be under the age of 13, or whatever the equivalent minimum age is in the relevant jurisdiction. If we discover that we have collected information on such a person, we will delete the information as soon as possible.
Privacy Questions
For any questions or concerns you may have about this Privacy Policy, you may
contact us
.
Fifth Star Labs may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes will be reflected on this page along with the date the last changes were made.