Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 2024-02-16
Updated on: 2024-02-16
This Privacy Policy explains the policies of Surf City Apps LLC on the collection
and use of the information we collect when you access https://surfcityapps.com (the “Service”). This Privacy Policy describes your
privacy rights and how you are protected under privacy laws.
By using our Service, you are consenting to the collection and use of your information in accordance
with this Privacy Policy. Please do not access or use our Service if you do not consent to the collection
and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with
the help of
CookieScript Privacy Policy Generator
.
Surf City Apps LLC is authorized to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.
This may occur without prior notice.
Surf City Apps LLC will post the revised Privacy Policy on the https://surfcityapps.com website
Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
Information We Collect
When using our Service, you will be prompted to provide us with personal information used to
contact or identify you. https://surfcityapps.com collects the following information:
Usage Data
Email
Name
Usage Data includes the following:
Internet Protocol (IP) address of computers accessing the site
Web page requests
Referring web pages
Browser used to access site
Time and date of access
How We Collect Information
https://surfcityapps.com collects and receives information from you in the following manner:
Support form submission
Your information will be stored for up to 30 days after it is
no longer required to provide you the services. Your information may be retained for longer periods for
reporting or record- keeping in accordance with applicable laws. Information which does not identify you
personally may be stored indefinitely.
How We Use Your Information
https://surfcityapps.com may use your information for the following purposes:
Providing and maintaining our Service,
as well as monitoring the usage of our Service.
Managing your account.
Your Personal Data can enable access to multiple functions of our
Service that are available to registered users.
For the performance of a contract.
Your Personal Data will assist with the
development, undertaking, and compliance of a purchase contract for products or services you
have purchased through our Service.
Managing customer orders.
Your email address, phone number, social media profiles, and other
user account information will be used in order to manage orders placed through our Service.
Third-party Sharing
Any third party we share your information with must disclose the purpose for which they intend to use
your information. They must retain your information only for the duration disclosed when requesting or
receiving said information. The third-party service provider must not further collect, sell, or use your
personal information except as necessary to perform the specified purpose.
Your information may be shared to a third-party for reasons including:
Analytics information.
Your information might be shared with online
analytics tools in order to track and analyse website traffic.
Payment processing and recovery services.
Your information will be used in order to process payments in the
event of a purchase, refund, or other similar request.
If you choose to provide such information during registration or
otherwise, you are giving Surf City Apps LLC permission to use, share, and store that information in a manner consistent with
this Privacy Policy.
Your information may be disclosed for additional reasons, including:
Complying with applicable laws, regulations, or court orders.
Responding to claims that your use of our Service violates third-party rights.
Enforcing agreements you make with us, including this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use
cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for
the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need
to be approved before they can be set in the browser.
Strictly necessary cookies.
Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as
user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies.
Performance cookies.
Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg.
analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor.
You can change your consent to cookie usage below.
Strictly necessary
Performance
Functionality
Unclassified
Save
Cookies consent ID:
Strictly necessary
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
PHPSESSID
PHP.net
mp3.surfcityapps.com
Session
Cookie generated by applications based on the PHP language. This is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables. It is normally a random generated number, how it is used can be specific to the site, but a good example is maintaining a logged-in status for a user between pages.
XSRF-TOKEN
support.surfcityapps.com
2 hours
This cookie is written to help with site security in preventing Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks.
laravel_session
Laravel LLC
support.surfcityapps.com
2 hours
Internally laravel uses laravel_session to identify a session instance for a user
Performance
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
_ga_E134M7L9QL
.surfcityapps.com
1 year 1 month
This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state.
_ga
Google LLC
.surfcityapps.com
1 year 1 month
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
Functionality
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
__stripe_sid
Stripe Inc.
.mp3.surfcityapps.com
30 minutes
This cookie is associated with Calendly, a Meeting Schedulers that some websites employ. This cookie allows the meeting scheduler to function within the website.
__stripe_mid
Stripe Inc.
.mp3.surfcityapps.com
1 year
This cookie is associated with Calendly, a Meeting Schedulers that some websites employ. This cookie allows the meeting scheduler to function within the website.
Unclassified
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
m
m.stripe.com
1 year 1 month
CookieScriptConsent
CookieScript
.surfcityapps.com
1 month
This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
Security
Your information’s security is important to us. https://surfcityapps.com
utilizes a range of security measures to prevent the misuse, loss, or alteration of the information you have given us.
However, because we cannot guarantee the security of the information you provide us, you must access our service at your
own risk.
Surf City Apps LLC is not responsible for the performance of websites
operated by third parties or your interactions with them. When you leave this website, we recommend you review the
privacy practices of other websites you interact with and determine the adequacy of those practices.
Contact Us
For any questions, please contact us through the following methods:
Name: Surf City Apps LLC
Address: 440 N Barranca Ave #2975, Covina, CA 91723 USA
Email: legal@surfcityapps.com
Website: https://surfcityapps.com
This post is also available in
2 Español
,
3 Français
,
4 Deutch
and
5 日本語
.
Home
Our Apps
Lose Weight
Sleep Well
End Anxiety
Boost Sex Drive
Mindful Eating
Eat Healthy
Enjoy Exercise
Relieve Depression
End Procrastination
Build Self-Esteem
Attract Love
Attract Wealth
Law of Attraction
Quit Smoking
Debt-Free Mindset
Migraine Relief
Chronic Pain Relief
Break Bad Habits
Fears & Phobias
MP3 Downloads
Support
About Us
Hypnosis Studies
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read more
I understand
Show details
Hide details
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://cookie-script.com/privacy-policy-generator:
Privacy Policy
Generator
Create a unique and professional Privacy Policy for your business or website. Quick and fully customizable up-to-date solution.
Create Privacy Policy
Features and benefits
A complete set of features to meet your needs. All in one place.
Cookie Policy included
Cookie Policy with automatically generated Cookie Declaration for your website
CCPA and GDPR ready
Generated Privacy Policy is compliant with all major privacy regulations
Pre-defined choices
Quick and easy-to-fill form with lists of pre-defined choices to pick from
Available in
9 languages
Generated Privacy Policy is fully translated into 9 languages by a team of professional translators.
English
Français
Español
Dansk
Svenska
Deutsch
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Is Privacy Policy
required?
There are many laws created to require privacy policies around the world, including:
GDPR
: European Union General Data Protection Regulation
CalOPPA
: California Online Privacy Protection Act
CCPA
: California Consumer Privacy Act
PIPEDA
: Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
And many others
CookieScript Privacy Policy Generator helps you to comply with the laws across multiple countries and legislations.
How it works
Making your own Privacy Policy takes just one minute
Fill
Enter your website and business details
Select
Choose which information you collect and how it is processed
Download
All done! You can now download your new Privacy Policy
What is a Privacy Policy?
Privacy policies are important legal statements written to clearly communicate the means by which your platform collects, stores, shares, uses, and protects your users’ information. Any time you interact with personal data from users, no matter whether it is on an app, website, desktop program, or otherwise, you must provide a privacy policy document that details this interaction. The ultimate goal of any privacy policy is to ensure that the business issuing it adheres to electronic privacy laws in their state or country.
Most privacy policies strive to be as thorough as possible, explaining how cookies and other trackers are implemented on websites and apps that may interact with or store users’ personal information. Your privacy policy should also detail the measures your business takes to adhere closely to both industry standards and ethical principles. Plus, your privacy policy can inform your users about their privacy rights and how they can change their specific preferences regarding the collection and usage of their data.
What is Personal Information?
Privacy policies revolve almost entirely around the collection and usage of the personal information of users on a specific platform. This personal information may include but is not limited to:
Full Names
Physical Addresses
Email Addresses
Social Media Handles
Phone Numbers
Government ID Numbers
Online Browsing History (Cookie Data)
User-Generated Content
Other Personally-Identifying Information (Health, Political Beliefs, Economic Status, Etc.)
This personal information can be collected in a number of ways. For instance, users may have the option to create accounts on your website, sign up for your newsletter, post comments, leave reviews, or make purchases. All of these interactions leave behind a data trail that can be used to personally identify the individual that performed them.
Why do I need a Privacy Policy?
Simply put, you need a privacy policy to avoid breaking the laws of many countries and regions around the world. No matter where your business is located on the planet, you will need to utilize a privacy policy to avoid violating privacy guidelines in specific regions from which your users access your site.
However, governments and regulatory bodies aren’t the only parties that expect a privacy policy – these days, consumers also expect to see them on your website or app. In general, consumers have become more concerned about their private information and how it is used by the businesses and other online entities they interact with. Including a privacy policy demonstrates your legitimacy as a trustworthy business as well as your inclinations toward professionalism and honesty.
Is Privacy Policy required?
There are many laws created to require privacy policies around the world, including:
GDPR
: European Union General Data Protection Regulation
CalOPPA
: California Online Privacy Protection Act
CCPA
: California Consumer Privacy Act
PIPEDA
: Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
No matter where your business is located, potential customers will be able to access your website from the majority of regions with Internet access. Even if your website is operated out of the European Union, many of your users may be located in the United States. If you collect data from those users, your privacy policy must also include clauses that meet the CalOPPA or CCPA requirements.
What must be included in Privacy Policy?
Generally, your privacy policy should cover the types of personal information you collect, the ways you collect that information, why you collect it, how it will be stored and used, and how users can opt out or alter the way their information is collected and used. If you are in a region with highly specific privacy laws, you must include every element required in your privacy policy for it to adhere to those laws and the guidelines they establish.
The most thorough privacy policies will include the following:
Website Information –
Contact information (phone numbers, mailing addresses, email addresses) as well as information about the purpose of the website.
Data Collection and Processing Information –
How your website collects user data, such as through forms, tags, cookies, third-party services, and more. This section should also make users aware of where and for how long their data will be stored.
Data Protection and User Rights Information –
Details about users’ rights, and how they can contact you to exercise those rights. You may inform users about the specific safety measures your business has taken to protect their data.
Privacy Policy Updates or Changes –
Any time you make changes or revisions to your privacy policy to reflect new services or features of your business or your website. You may include an effective date so users know when these changes went into effect.
Can I copy Privacy Policy from another website?
Websites should always generate their own privacy policies to avoid copyright disputes and providing inaccurate, incomplete, or misleading information. Acting with caution concerning legal compliance and with respect to customers’ privacy should always be a priority for businesses and website operators.
Since privacy policies are legal documents, they can protect you against lawsuits or accusations of violating privacy laws and guidelines. Your website or application’s privacy policy must take into account the specific ways you collect user information, the third-party services you work with, and the laws that apply to your business website in the regions where it can be accessed.
Don’t break the law. Instead, create your own privacy policy from scratch or use CookieScript Privacy Policy Generator to simplify the process.
Why use CookieScript Privacy Policy Generator?
CookieScript Privacy Policy Generator offers a comprehensive set of features so your website or app can create a privacy policy that will ensure your compliance with privacy laws around the world. These features include:
Unique Cookie Declaration (Cookie Policy) for Your Website:
Declare the cookies that are active on your website to your users, what data they track, why they are active, and where the data they collect is stored and sent.
Third-Party Services Selection:
Choose from a list of third-party services that are active on your website to easily generate a privacy policy that accurately represents your website and its partnerships.
Pre-Defined Third-Party Services and Options:
Include more unique third-party services and options to better inform your customers of how your website operates.
Intuitive Customization For All Lists:
Customize every element of your privacy policy to ensure a detailed and comprehensive privacy policy, rather than a one-size-fits-all approach.
Compatibility with Privacy Laws Like GDPR and CCPA:
Adhere to both the EU and US online privacy laws with our options for customizing your privacy policy based on the regions you serve.
Create your own
Privacy Policy
now
Create Privacy Policy