Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 2024
This document (
“Privacy Policy”
), in combination with the
Cookies Policy
, make up our commitment to protecting personal information we hold about our customers, prospective customers, newsletter subscribers, competition entrants, website users or any other data subject whose personal information we hold.
Carwow Studio Limited is a UK automotive content and e-commerce business registered with Companies House under registration number 13018565, with a registered business address at 2nd Floor, Verde Building, 10 Bressenden Place, Victoria, London SW1E 5DH. Carwow Studio Limited is part of the Carwow Group, owned by Carwow Ltd. You can find out more about Carwow by visiting
About Carwow – The smart way to buy your new car
.
Evo Publications Ltd is a subsidiary of Carwow Studio Limited and is a UK automotive content and e-commerce business registered with Companies House under registration number 03584947, with a registered business address at Carwow Studio Limited.
References to “Carwow”, “us”, “we” or “our” refers to Carwow Studio Limited, Carwow Ltd (when you use its Sell my Car and Find a Car services), and Evo Publications Limited.
Carwo owns and operates the following brands and websites:
Brand
Website
AutoExpress
autoexpress.co.uk
CarBuyer
carbuyer.co.uk
Driving Electric
drivingelectric.com
Evo
evo.co.uk
publications and subscriptions
motoringsubscriptions.co.uk/
The contents of this Privacy Policy apply to the portfolio of brands and websites listed in the table above. For the purposes of the UK and EU data protection legislation, Carwow is the data controller for the processing of personal data described in this Privacy Policy.
In the event of any part of Carwow either being sold or going into receivership, we reserve the right to continue to share your data to third parties in accordance with the latest preferences you have provided.
We are committed to managing and safeguarding your personal information in accordance with current legislation and best practice. Our aim is to be responsible, relevant and secure when using your personal information. Whenever you provide personal information we will treat that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We operate websites that may contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, and are also likely to use cookies, and we therefore urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit when visiting these websites, which may also be collected by cookies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
We may use third party suppliers to provide part of our service to you. In some circumstances these providers may be based in countries outside the United Kingdom whose laws provide for a different standard of protection for your personal information than that provided under UK Law. We will only transfer your personal information to such countries where there is an adequate or equivalent level of protection for your data. If you would like further information about the specific mechanism, used by us when protecting a transfer of your personal data out of the UK, please contact:
privacy@carwowgroup.com
Your personal data will not be disclosed to state institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation. Before we release data on this basis, we will ensure that the information is being provided to a genuine and properly authorised investigation.
We reserve the right to revise or amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our business or changes in the law. Where these changes are significant we will endeavour to email all of our registered users to make sure that they are informed of such changes. However, it is your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy before each use of the Website.
Contract
We process your personal information to fulfil our contractual obligation to you when we use your information to provide you with the product or service that you have purchased from us or to take the necessary steps to enter into a contract with you. For example, when you purchase our magazine subscription we will process your personal information to manage your subscription and provide you with support services in relation to your subscription.
Consent
We process your personal information on the basis of consent when you provide us with your details to access and use the services available on our site for example, when you offer your car for sale, browse for cars or correspond with dealers/manufacturers/broker and manufacturers’ head office (“
Partner
”) via our sites; get in touch with us with any queries or complaints; participate in our competitions, prize draws or events; sign-up to our marketing communication; and agree for us to share your data with third-party service providers.
Please see below for a detailed explanation of how we rely on consent as the legal basis for processing your data as well as information on how you may withdraw consent.
Providing you with marketing communications
When you sign-up to our newsletter and other marketing communication you may consent to the receipt of promotional communication that is relevant to your interests. Where you provide us with your consent to process your personal information for direct marketing communication you may withdraw consent at any time by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe link’ in the footer of a marketing email and update your account preferences or you can email us directly at
privacy@carwowgroup.com
to request to be removed from our marketing lists.
Where you have already purchased or are seeking to purchase a product or service we may not need your consent for marketing but we will always give you the opportunity to opt out at any time.
Sharing your personal information with third-party service providers
We rely on your consent to share your personal information with our suppliers and other third parties such as car dealers, vehicle leasing companies and vehicle manufacturers for them to provide you with a quote or information that you may have consented to receive or a product or service that you requested. Their use of any data we provide will be governed by their own terms of use and privacy policy and by asking us to provide the relevant services you are also agreeing to the relevant third party’s terms and conditions and privacy policy.
Facilitating your participation in competitions, prize draws and events
When you enter into one of our competitions or prize draws or choose to attend one of our events you consent for us to process your personal data to manage your request and in some circumstances share your data with a third party who we may have engaged to deliver your prize or event. In the event that a third party is used, we will explicitly inform you, at the time that you sign up to take part in the competition, prize draw or event, of the name of the third party to enable you to make an informed decision as to whether you would like to consent to the processing.
Online Personalised Advertising
Many of the Carwow Studio portfolio of websites show advertising to users. A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user, a practice known as “Online Behavioural Advertising” which uses cookies to discover general information about the pages you visit. For online behavioural advertising to happen you need to provide your consent by accepting cookies presented to you by cookie pop ups and banners on sites that you visit. Allowing us to advertise to you in this way helps keep many of our websites and services you use free of charge.
Legal Obligation
In certain circumstances we are required to retain your data in order to comply with our legal obligations imposed on us by common or statute law. When confronted with a request from an enforcement body or regulatory authority, we will share your personal information with such authorities to satisfy any reporting requirements, comply with any investigation or provide information as part of court proceedings. We will only disclose personal information we deem relevant and appropriate to meet our legislative requirements or to comply with a lawful request or court order. We are also permitted to retain your personal data on the basis of legal obligation to manage any legal claims lodged by us or made against us, enforce our Terms of Use and protect the rights, safety and property of our company group, employees and users.
Legitimate Interest
We may process your personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest after carefully considering the balance between your rights and the benefit of the purpose for which we intend to use your personal data. These legitimate interests may include:
We conduct an analysis on our user base and the searches made via our sites;
We (or our service provider) may contact you after you have used our sites to ask if you have bought or sold a car (so that we can collect commission from the relevant Partner, and for our own internal research purposes); and
Where you or a Partner confirm that you have found or sold a car via the sites, we will process your personal information in order to fulfil our obligations to the partners we work with and collect any commission due, as well as to generate aggregated insights for our Partners and other third parties, to update your marketing preferences, and to ensure that any marketing campaigns we do carry out are relevant to your car-buying or car-selling status;
Where you work for a Partner to monitor and record our and customers communications with you for the purposes set out in the paragraph above; and
We may keep records of your discussions with us to monitor the quality of our customer services and for training purposes;
Promoting and marketing similar products or services to those you have already purchased or started the process of purchasing from us, where we have identified that they may be of interest to you based on your history of interaction with us and where you have not opted out of receiving such information. For more information on how we use your data for marketing see the
Direct Marketing
paragraph within the
How we use your data
section below;
To manage suppression and unsubscribe requests received from you;
To invite you to participate in research surveys about our products or services to help us improve these. For more information about how we use your data for research see the
Research
paragraphs within the
How we use your data
section below;
For statistical and data analytics so we can improve the products and services offered to you. For more information on how we use your data for analytics see the
Analytics
paragraphs within the
How we use your data
section below;
To personalise and improve our services to you by using insight regarding your purchase or communication history with us;
To identify and prevent fraudulent behaviour;
Using your data to help find similar audiences through the use of Facebook’s audience function and Google customer match;
Identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our campaigns to improve targeted advertising. For more information about how we use your data for online advertising see the
Online Advertising
paragraphs within the
How we use your data
section below;
To respond to your queries and complaints.
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. Find out more about your rights and how to exercise them within the
Personal Data – Your rights
section below.
When you send us information, talk to us over the phone, submit an online form or when you visit one of our websites, we may collect both personal data and pseudonymous data about you.
When we talk about personal data we mean any information that can identify you as an individual, such as your name and postal address. Pseudonymous data doesn’t identify you as a person but it might be used in aggregate, for instance when you participate in a survey or when we analyse audience interaction with our products and services.
Data you provide to us
When you participate in, access, purchase, sign up to or apply for any of our products, services, activities or online content, such as magazine subscriptions, newsletters, competitions or events – we receive personal information about you. We collect personal information from you when you provide it to us directly and through your use of the sites. This information may include:
Main personal information (e.g. your name, date of birth and contact information), information about your profession or work, information about your family and other relationships, information about your vehicle, as well as information collected about your use of our services (such as when you enter our sites and how long you stay on them);
Information you provide to us when you create an account with us, which will include your name, email address, postcode and password;
Information you provide when using the sites, for example your telephone number, searches, IP address reviews and comments;
Information you provide when you are looking to sell your car through our site, for example details of the car wish to sell and how to contact you;
Any correspondence you have with dealers/manufacturers/partners via our sites;
Records of your interactions with Carwow (e.g. if you contact our support team). We maintain a record of and recordings of certain telephone calls to and from Carwow or our Partners made in connection with the Carwow service for quality control, complaint resolution and training purposes. Please do not provide sensitive or payment data during these calls;
Information you provide to us when you enter a competition, participate in a promotion or participate in a survey; and
Where you propose to sell your car to certain dealerships: car service history, VRN, V5, copy driving licence, ID, your address and bank account details; and
Information collected automatically, using cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g. which pages you viewed and whether you clicked on a link in one of our email updates). We may also collect information about the device you use to access our sites, your IP address (which may allow us to see your geographical location) and your browser or operating system type and version.
We may also share your data with our Partners if you buy a car from them or one of their dealerships having had contact through our site, for our accounting purposes, to manage the Partner’s account with us, to generate aggregated insights which we may provide to our Partners and other third parties; to update your marketing preferences, and to ensure that any marketing campaigns we do carry out are relevant to your car-buying or car-selling status.
Children’s Data
Our sites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, nor send marketing communications to, a child under the age of 13. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13, and believe we have collected personal information about your child without your consent, you may contact us at
privacy@carwowgroup.com
and request that we remove information about your child.
Data we buy from a third party
We occasionally purchase data from third party suppliers. The data we purchase is primarily business data. Business data may include but not be limited to a business email address, business job title and business postal address. Such a purchase may result in you receiving communications from Carwow regarding your business sector or business interests without you having directly supplied your information to us. We keep clear records of the data suppliers and provide an unsubscribe option at every contact. If you have any queries concerning the use of business data we hold about you please email
privacy@carwowgroup.com
.
Data we collect through your use of our websites
We may collect information about how you use our websites or other content online, and the device(s) you use to access the services. This includes collecting unique online identifiers such as IP addresses, which are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet. Anonymous data will be recorded for the purpose of reporting web traffic statistics, advertisement ‘click-throughs’, and/or other activities on our sites. Where you have agreed to this, we may receive information about you from any third parties we may partner with through the use of cookie technologies to personalise advertisements for goods and services (please see the
Online Advertising
paragraphs within the
How we use your data
section below for further information) To opt out of receiving advertisements tailored to your interests by our partners, contact
privacy@carwowgroup.com
.
For detailed information on Cookies, please see the
Cookies and how we use them
section below as well as our
Cookies Policy
.
We may use the information you share with us and the information we collect through your use of our sites in the ways described below and as described at the time of capture.
Competitions & Prize Draws
We will use the details you have shared to manage your entry to any competition or prize draw. This may include your name, e-mail address and telephone number. We shall use such information to notify you if you are the winner. Your data will be retained for the period of the competition only, and will not be added to any marketing lists unless you have consented to this, and will only be shared with a third party where they were named at the point of data capture and you explicitly agreed to the sharing of your data or where they are a third party who we have appointed to manage the delivery of your prize. Further details relating specifically to competitions and prize draws can be found in our
Competition Terms and Conditions
.
Newsletters
We will use the details you have shared to send you the newsletter to which you have subscribed. We will not add them to any marketing lists, unless you have consented to this. We will provide a way for you to unsubscribe on every newsletter we send to you. Details you share with us for the purpose of newsletter subscription will never be shared with a third party.
Events
We will use the details you have shared to manage your registration and entry into our event. This may include contact via telephone, email, SMS and post with information relating to the event you have registered to attend. Your data will not be added to any marketing lists unless you have consented to this, and will only be shared with a third party where they were named at the point of data capture and you explicitly agreed to the sharing of your data or where they are a third party who we have appointed to manage the delivery of the event.
Magazine Subscription
We will use the details you have shared to manage your subscription to our magazine, which includes sending the magazine, managing access to any digital version, taking secure payments, to fulfil any gift that was offered at the time of purchase, to handle any customer query you may have and to contact you via telephone, email, SMS and post with information relating to your magazine subscription e.g. to notify you of the expiry date of your subscription, that a delivery to you may be delayed, to remind you of a password, or to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy,
Cookies Policy
or
Subscription Terms and Conditions
. Your data will not be added to any marketing lists unless you have consented to this, and will only be shared with third parties where we have appointed them to manage specific aspects of your magazine subscription.
Vehicle Enquiry
We will send your personal information to dealers, vehicle manufacturers and relevant third parties to enable them to provide you with the services and products that you have requested or consented to receive details of via our websites and other channels (e.g. social media). In certain circumstances, vehicle manufacturers and other relevant third parties may subsequently transfer, process and store your personal information outside of the EEA for their business and administration purposes – in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you have queries or require more information on how these third parties use information, including transfers outside of the EEA, please read their privacy policies or contact them. In certain circumstances, we may need to verify the details you provided to us. Where a telephone number has been supplied by you, this might include a call or utilising an instant messaging service to contact you.
Vehicle Valuations and Transactions
Depending on how you use our sites, your interactions with us, and the permissions you give us in connection with vehicle valuations and transactions, the purposes for which we use your personal information include:
To fulfil requests submitted via the sites and maintain your online account;
To contact you about your use of the sites and send you car offers;
To conduct checks of your car and car-related documents;
To contact you about your car listing, and to show your car to potential buyers and to enable potential buyers to make you an offer;
When you contact a Partner via our sites, Carwow (or its service provider) may telephone you to confirm whether you bought a car from that Partner. This telephone call may be recorded for training, complaint resolution, complaint resolution and quality control purposes;
To assist you and the buyer of your car to complete the sales process;
To manage and respond to any queries or complaints to our customer service team;
To personalise the sites to you and show you content we think you will be most interested in, based on your account information and your history on the sites;
To fulfil our obligations to the Partners we work with;
To improve and maintain the sites, and monitor its usage;
For market research, e.g. we may contact you for feedback about your experience on our sites;
To send you marketing messages and show you targeted advertising, where we have your consent or are otherwise permitted to do so;
For security purposes, to investigate fraud and where necessary to protect ourselves and third parties;
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; and
To share the data we collect about you with brands and retailers (see Marketing & Advertising below), where we have your consent or have a legitimate interest to do so.
When you request a car valuation we require some basic contact details, information on the car you’re valuing, why you’re using this service and what the make and model of your next car is likely to be. We use this information to send you an email with your car valuation and to help tailor what services we offer you. For example, if you tell us you’re buying a car that’s made by a particular manufacturer, we’ll ask if you also want to hear from them directly. If you agree, we’ll share the details you provided (when you requested a car valuation) with the car manufacturer. This will include your name, postcode, email address and telephone number.
Sell My Car
When you list a car on our Sell My Car service, we collect the information you provide, for example details of the car you wish to sell and how to contact you. If you want to sell your car, we’ll share the car details (including VRN) you’ve given us including the photos you provided, along with an approximate location, with Carwow Ltd, who will share this information with dealers and car buying groups when they advertise your car in their auction. As the service history you provide will be shared with prospective car purchasers, we recommend removing any personal information from the service history photo before uploading it to the site. If a dealer or car buying group wants to purchase your car, your name, email and phone number will be shared with them so they can contact you as well as details about your vehicle location and postcode. Dealers and/or car buying groups are likely to call you about their offer. Should you propose to sell your car to certain dealerships, certain information will be shared with those dealerships, including car service history, VRN, V5, copy driving licence, ID, your address and bank account details. The Carwow Ltd works with a number of car buying groups including: The Car Buying Group, We Want Any Car, Money For Your Motors, Classic Trade (and others who we may decide to partner with from time to time) and your details may be passed on to them if your car isn’t sold through a listing, and where you request a call back. They will contact you directly where they wish to make an offer for your car and are likely to call you about their offer. You can opt-out from sharing your details with these groups at any time by emailing
privacy@carwowgroup.com
. When you propose to sell your car to certain dealerships where Carwow Ltd has in place with such dealership a document collection and checking service you will receive a request for the car service history, V5, copy driving licence, ID and finance settlement letter (if applicable) and you will be asked to complete a form with your bank account details and to confirm your address. These documents will be passed to the buying dealership in order for them to process the sale. You will be asked to complete and sign the dealership’s purchase order form or other sales document.
Find a Car
When you use the Auto Express Find a Car service, we collect the information you provide, for example, your name, email address and postcode in order to provide tailored vehicle offerings for purchase. We share your data with Carwow Ltd, who in turn shares your data with its Partners, in order to pass on your interest or specific query.
We share users’ personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
Where you are buying a car with car dealers, manufacturers, brokers and manufacturers’ head office, to pass on your interest or specific query. Please note, however, that Carwow does not share your full contact details with Partners for contact purposes, except for (i) car enquiries where you have specifically requested the seller contact you and you provided your details (sellers will use your details in accordance with their privacy policy) and (ii) where you have requested to use the concierge service where we pass details of your enquiry to our concierge partner (your details will the used in accordance with the concierge partner’s privacy policy). Save where the exceptions apply, the only information which they receive from us is your name and postcode, as well as any information you choose to share via our messaging tool or which you provide as part of enquiry request for a used car. On occasion we may share your email address and other hashed personal data with Partners for the purpose of confirming that a particular sale was made through the site. Where you purchase a car from a Partner we refer you to this Partner may let Carwow know that you have purchased or viewed a car as a result of our referral (this way we can track how useful our site has been to customers);
With our suppliers and service providers, for example we may use a service provider from time to time to contact you via telephone to confirm whether you bought a car via our sites or to assist with the sale of your car;
To contact you about your use of the sites and send you car offers on behalf of Carwow Ltd;
When you contact a dealer via our sites, Carwow (or its service provider) may telephone you to confirm whether you bought a car from that dealer. This telephone call may be recorded for training, complaint resolution, complaint resolution and quality control purposes;
Where you or a Partner confirm that you have found or sold a car via the sites, we will process your personal information in order to fulfil our obligations to the partners we work with and collect any commission due.
Research
We may use the information you provide to invite you to participate in surveys and focus groups about our products, advertisers and services. Participation is always voluntary and the answers you provide are anonymous and aggregated to support our learnings and inform changes we can make to improve our products and services. Your data will not be added to any marketing lists unless you have consented to this and were informed at the point of capture and will only be shared with third parties where we have appointed them to manage research activity on our behalf.
Occasionally we get paid by commercial partners to carry out research on their behalf. In this situation, the data we share with them will be anonymous however we may share your personal data with specific commercial partners where they were named at point of capture and where you agreed to the sharing of your personal data with them.
Demand Generation
With your consent we may use the details you share with us to send information to you through email, post, phone, SMS and other channels. We’ll send you relevant assets or content we feel would be of interest to you. Our trusted partners and clients from across our brands may also want to share offers, information, and services with you that they feel would be of particular interest. At all stages you’ll be able to opt out of our processing of your data.
Analytics
The Carwow portfolio of websites uses Google Analytics as its primary solution for tracking website visits, interactions and events. Carwow uses website analytics data to help improve the way we deliver content and online experiences to visitors.
For full details on how Google processes your data please visit:
Google Support – Data privacy and security
Marketing and Advertising
We may use the details you share with us to send you offers and promotions by email, post, telephone or SMS where you have consented to this or where you have previously purchased a similar product from us and have not opted out of future contact. We will also provide a way for you to opt-out of receiving marketing promotions both at the time of data capture and every time we contact you. You can also email
privacy@carwowgroup.com
to request your details are excluded from all promotional campaigns. We won’t use your personal data for marketing purposes at all if you’ve told us not to.
We may also share your data with brands, service providers and retailer partners who will match it with data that they receive about you from other sources for tracking, digital optimization, targeted advertising and email marketing purposes.
Many of the Carwow portfolio of websites show advertising to users. A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user, a practice known as “Online Behavioural Advertising” which uses cookies to discover general information about the pages you visit. For online behavioural advertising to happen you need to provide your consent by accepting cookies presented to you by cookie pop ups and banners on sites that you visit. Allowing us to advertise to you in this way helps keep many of our websites and services you use free of charge. Our advertising delivery systems and partners use the limited information available to it to serve adverts to you, which it believes are relevant. It does not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
From time to time, Carwow may share this aggregated data with our advertising partners, including to send you offers from our Partners. This could mean that when you are on other websites you are served advertising based on your behaviour across Carwow titles or you may be served advertising based on your behaviour on other sites.
“Behavioural Retargeting” is another form of Online Behavioural Advertising that enables us and some of our advertising partners to show you adverts based on browsing patterns and interactions with the site away from our sites. For example, if you have visited the website of a car dealership you may start seeing adverts from that same dealership site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing. This allows companies to advertise to website visitors who leave their website without making a purchase.
If you want to opt out of receiving Online Behavioural Advertising this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites. It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you. If you would like more information about online behavioural targeting and how to opt out of it, please visit
youronlinechoices.com
or you can also visit
thenai.org
(Network Advertising Initiative).
Our websites use JavaScript to detect the use of ad blocking extensions for web browsers, we do not store any information on users’ devices and do not process any personal data.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website. We use cookies for a number of reasons:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Advertising Technology Partners
Our full list of advertising technology partners can be found listed in our consent management platform but here are some of the main ones: Permutive, Blueconic, Quantcast, Sourcepoint, Disqus, Feedbackify, Trustpilot, Skimlinks, Monetizer101, Google, MOAT, Lolagrove, Dealtrak, Autoconvert, Taboola, Pubmatic, Amazon, OpenX, Pangea Alliance, AdYouLike Ltd, Pulsepoint, Omnicom Media Group, Content Ignite, Freewheel SSP, Index Exchange Inc, InSkin, Teads, Xaxis, Ex.Co, Sublime, Rhythm one, Just premium, Sovrn, Nano interactive, LiveRamp. For more information on how we use cookies please read our
Cookies Policy
.
LiveRamp
When you log into our website, we may share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your device. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and cannot be used to re-identify you. We place this code in our cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may in turn use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them. You have the right to express a choice regarding our sharing of this data with LiveRamp for the above purposes, of the creation of this code, or of our sharing of the code with our advertising partners. For more information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities, please visit here:
liveramp.uk/privacy/
.
Carwow’s security policies, rules and technical measures have been implemented to protect your personal information from unauthorised or improper use and from accidental loss.
All our employees and data processors that have access to, and are associated with, the processing of your personal information are legally obliged to respect the confidentiality of your data and are bound by contract to do so.
Note that some of our websites provide commenting and reviewing facilities where you can post information. When you do so, be aware that other visitors may collect any information you make public.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Carwow may share your personal data with Carwow Ltd and any of its subsidiaries. You can read more about how Carwow process your personal data in their
Carwow Privacy Policy
.
Carwow has formed partnerships with a variety of carefully selected companies that we share data with in order to carry out the activities described in the
How we use your data
section above
. For a list of our key partners with whom we share your personal information please read
/privacy-policy/our-partners
.
We may also have to share your personal data with third parties whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
We will hold your personal information on our systems only for as long as required to provide you with the products and/or services you have requested.
Where you sign up to receive email marketing from us we will retain your e-mail address after you ‘opt-out’ of receiving emails in order to ensure that we continue to honour and respect that request. To unsubscribe from marketing emails at any time, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email and update your account preferences. You may also contact us
to inform us if you do not wish to receive any marketing materials from us, for details on contact options please see the
Contact our Data Privacy Team and Data Protection Officer
section below.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: please see the
Personal Data – Your rights
section below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Under the GDPR and UK GDPR including any implementing data protection legislation in the UK you have the rights shown below:-
Your right to be informed
Your right of access
Your right to rectification
Your right to erasure
Your right to restrict processing
Your right to data portability
Your right to object
Your rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
Right of Access
You may, at any time, request access to the personal data that we hold which relates to you (you may have heard of this right being described as a “subject access request”).
Please note that this right entitles you to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you in order to enable you to check that it is correct and to ensure that we are processing that personal data lawfully. It is not a right that allows you to request personal data about other people, or a right to request specific documents from us that do not relate to your personal data.
You can exercise this right at any time by telling us that you are making a subject access request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request. Please see the
Contact our Data Privacy Team and Data Protection Officer
section below for options on how to contact us.
Your Right to Rectification and Erasure
You may, at any time, request that we correct personal data that we hold about you which you believe is incorrect or inaccurate. You may also ask us to erase personal data if you do not believe that we need to continue retaining it (you may have heard of this right described as the “right to be forgotten”).
Please note that we may ask you to verify any new data that you provide to us and may take our own steps to check that the new data you have supplied us with is right. Further, we are not always obliged to erase personal data when asked to do so; if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to erase we will tell you what that reason is at the time we respond to your request.
You can exercise this right at any time by telling us that you are making a request to have your personal data rectified or erased and on what basis you are making that request. If you want us to replace inaccurate data with new data, you should tell us what that new data is. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request. Please see the
Contact our Data Privacy Team and Data Protection Officer
section below for options on how to contact us.
Your Right to Restrict Processing
Where we process your personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest (see above the
How we use your data
section of this Policy which explains why we use your personal data) you are entitled to ask us to stop processing it in that way if you feel that our continuing to do so impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms or if you feel that those legitimate interests are not valid.
You may also ask us to stop processing your personal data (a) if you dispute the accuracy of that personal data and want us to verify that data’s accuracy; (b) where it has been established that our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where we no longer need to process your personal data (and would otherwise dispose of it) but you wish for us to continue storing it in order to enable you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Please note that if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to stop processing, we will tell you what that reason is, either at the time we first respond to your request or after we have had the opportunity to consider and investigate it.
You can exercise this right at any time by telling us that you are making a request to have us stop processing the relevant aspect of your personal data and describing which of the above conditions you believe is relevant to that request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request. Please see the
Contact our Data Privacy Team and Data Protection Officer
section below for options on how to contact us.
Your Right to Portability
Where you wish to transfer certain personal data that we hold about you, which is processed by automated means, to a third party you may write to us and ask us to provide it to you in a commonly used machine-readable format.
Because of the kind of work that we do and the systems that we use, we do not envisage this right being particularly relevant to the majority of individuals with whom we interact. However, if you wish to transfer your data from us to a third party we are happy to consider such requests.
Your Right to stop receiving communications
For details on your rights to ask us to stop sending you various kinds of communications, please see the
Contact our Data Privacy Team and Data Protection Officer
section below for options on how to contact us.
Your Right to object to automated decision making and profiling
You have the right to be informed about the existence of any automated decision making and profiling of your personal data, and where appropriate, be provided with meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing that affects you.
Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise any of these rights or simply wish to find out what information, if any, we hold that relates to you, you must make your request in writing by sending an email to
privacy@carwowgroup.com
or a letter to The Privacy Team, Carwow, 2nd Floor, Verde Building, 10 Bressenden Place, Victoria, London, SW1E 5DH.
You can help us to process your request quickly by providing us with information that will help us identify records we hold that relate to you. For example your name, address, email address, telephone number, subscriber id or in the case of information captured via cookies, the IP address of the device you have used.
If you have an enquiry or concern about the contents of our Privacy Policy or our handling and use of your data, please email the Privacy Team or our Data Protection Officer on
privacy@carwowgroup.com
or send a letter to The Privacy Team, Carwow, 2nd Floor, Verde Building, 10 Bressenden Place, Victoria, London, SW1E 5DH. If you are not satisfied with our response to your enquiry or concern, you may wish to contact the Information Commissioner via their
website
If we decide to change our Privacy Notice we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
When you click on advertisements or links on any of our sites, you will leave that site and go to a third-party site, which is outside of our control. When we place an advertisement on one of our sites, it does not signify that we are endorsing that advertiser’s product or service. We do not accept responsibility for content, have no control over and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these companies, sites or content and if such third-party sites collect personal data, we cannot control how this data is processed, stored or used. We advise that you read their data collection statements, which accompany any registration and their Privacy Policies before you submit your personal information.
We use servers located in the EEA to store data. When you submit your details and in whichever country you are situated you agree to the data being transferred to the EEA and processed under the terms of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) including any implementing data protection legislation in the UK. If you are not in agreement please do not add your personal details on the website. Carwow makes no representation or warranty that the content and materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United Kingdom. Those who choose to access the website or use the services from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent applicable.