PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: 05/11/2020
1.
Introduction
Welcome
to
Retrica
, Inc.
Retrica
,
Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates https://retrica.co and
Retrica
mobile application (hereinafter referred to as
“
Service
”).
Our Privacy Policy governs your visit
to https://retrica.co and
Retrica
mobile
application, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information
that results from your use of our Service.
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By
using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance
with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms
used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and
Conditions.
Our Terms and Conditions (“
Terms
”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy
Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“
agreement
”).
2.
Definitions
SERVICE
means
the https://retrica.co website and
Retrica
mobile application operated by
Retrica
,
Inc..
PERSONAL DATA
means
data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from
those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our
possession).
USAGE DATA
is
data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from
Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
COOKIES
are small
files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
DATA CONTROLLER
means
a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other
persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal
data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we
are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS)
means any
natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data
Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to
process your data more effectively.
DATA SUBJECT
is any living individual who is the subject of
Personal Data.
THE USER
is the individual using our Service. The User
corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
3.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for
various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
4.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While
using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“
Personal Data
”). Personally
identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
(a)
Email
address
(b)
First
name and last name
(c)
Cookies
and Usage Data
(d)
Sex
(e)
Birthdate
or age
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing
or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from
us by following the unsubscribe link.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser
sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a
mobile device (“
Usage Data
”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your
computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser
version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your
visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic
data.
When you access Service with a mobile device, this
Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use,
your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile
operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device
identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We
may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to
do so (“
Location Data
”). We use this
data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you
use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to
track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which
may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser
from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also
used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to
improve and
analyze
our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or
to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies,
you may not be able to use some portions of our Service that cannot work
without cookies.
Examples
of Cookies we use:
(a)
Session Cookies:
We use
Session Cookies to operate our Service.
(b)
Preference Cookies:
We use
Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
(c)
Security Cookies:
We use
Security Cookies for security purposes.
(d)
Advertising Cookies:
Advertising
Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you
and your interests.
5.
Use of Data
Retrica
, Inc. uses the collected data for various
purposes:
(a)
to
provide and maintain our Service;
(b)
to
notify you about changes to our Service;
(c)
to
allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose
to do so;
(d)
to
provide customer support;
(e)
to
gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
(f)
to
monitor the usage of our Service;
(g)
to
detect, prevent and address technical issues;
(h)
to
fulfill
any other purpose for which you provide it;
(i)
to
carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts
entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
(j)
to
provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including
expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;
(k)
to
provide you with news, special offers and general information about other
goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you
have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive
such information;
(l)
in
any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
(m)
for
any other purpose with your consent.
6.
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for
the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your
Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for
example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable
laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage
Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used
to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or
we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
7.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be
transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state,
province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection
laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to
provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including
Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
If you are located inside the European Union, European
Economic Area or the United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us,
please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to outside of
European Union, European Economic Area and or United Kingdom and process it
there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your
submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Retrica
,
Inc. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data
is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer
of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless
there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and
other personal information.
8.
Disclosure of Data
We
may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
(a)
Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to
disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid
requests by public authorities.
(b)
Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger,
acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
(c)
Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
(i)
to
our subsidiaries and affiliates;
(ii)
to
contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our
business;
(iii)
to
fulfill
the purpose for which you provide it;
(iv)
for
any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
(v)
with
your consent in any other cases;
(vi)
if we
believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property,
or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
9.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method
of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100%
secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your
Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
10.
Your Data Protection Rights Under
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and
European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered
by GDPR. – See more at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to
correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold
about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at
contact@retrica.co.
In
certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
(a)
the
right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you;
(b)
the
right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified
if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
(c)
the
right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your
Personal Data;
(d)
the
right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the
processing of your personal information;
(e)
the
right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of
your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;
(f)
the
right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your
consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal
information;
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before
responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service
without some necessary data.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our
collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact
your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
11.
Your Data Protection Rights under
the California Privacy Protection Act (
CalOPPA
)
CalOPPA
is
the first state law in the United States to require commercial websites and
online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond
California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivable
the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable
information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on
its website stating exactly the information being collected and those
individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See
more at: https://consumercal.org/about-cfc/cfc-education-foundation/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa-3/
According
to
CalOPPA
we agree to the following:
(a)
users
can visit our site anonymously;
(b)
our
Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy”, and can easily be found on the
page specified above on the home page of our website or mobile application;
(c)
users
will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page;
(d)
users
are able to change their personal information by emailing us at
contact@retrica.co.
Our
Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals:
We
honour Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising
when a Do Not Track browser mechanism is in place. Do Not Track is a preference
you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be
tracked.
You
can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page
of your web browser.
12.
Your Data Protection Rights under
the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If
you are a California resident, you are entitled to learn what data we collect
about you, ask to delete your data and not to sell (share) it. To exercise your
data protection rights, you can make certain requests and ask us:
(a)
What
personal information we have about you
. If you make
this request, we will return to you:
(i)
The
categories of personal information we have collected about you.
(ii)
The
categories of sources from which we collect your personal information.
(iii)
The
business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal
information.
(iv)
The
categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
(v)
The
specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
(vi)
A
list of categories of personal information that we have sold, along with the
category of any other company we sold it to. If we have not sold your personal information,
we will inform you of that fact.
(vii)
A
list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a
business purpose, along with the category of any other company we shared it
with.
Please note, you are entitled to ask us to provide you with this
information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period. When you make
this request, the information provided may be limited to the personal
information we collected about you in the previous 12 months.
(b)
To delete your personal information
. If
you make this request, we will delete the personal information we hold about
you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service
providers to do the same. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through
de-identification of the information. If you choose to delete your personal
information, you may not be able to use certain functions that require your
personal information to operate.
(c)
To stop selling your personal information
. If
you submit a request to stop selling your personal information, we will stop
selling it. If you are a California resident, to opt-out of the sale of your
personal information, click “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” at the bottom
of our home page to submit your request.
Please note, if you ask us to delete or stop selling
your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to
participate in certain programmes or membership services which require the
usage of your personal information to function. But in no circumstances, we
will discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
To exercise your California data protection rights
described above, please send your request(s) by one of the following means:
By
email: contact@retrica.co
Your data protection rights,
described above, are covered by the CCPA, short for the California Consumer
Privacy Act. To find out more, visit the official California Legislative
Information website. The CCPA took effect on 01/01/2020.
13.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to
facilitate our Service (“
Service
Providers
”), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related
services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These third parties
may be located out of your jurisdiction, including but not limited to your
state, province, territory, country, federation or supranational organisations
such as European Union and European Economic Area.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform
these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any
other purpose.
14.
Analytics
We
may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our
Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by
Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected
to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other
Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and
personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of
Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy
for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google LLC.
You may opt-out
of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your
device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google
in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more
information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the
Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
15.
CI/CD tools
We may use
third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our
Service.
GitHub
GitHub is provided by GitHub, Inc.
GitHub is a development platform to host and review
code, manage projects, and build software.
For more information on what data GitHub collects for
what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit GitHub
Privacy Policy page:
https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement.
Travis
CI
Travis CI is a distributed continuous integration
service to build and test projects hosted at GitHub.
For more information on what data Travis CI collects
for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit
Travis CI Privacy Policy page: https://docs.travis-ci.com/legal/privacy-policy.
CircleCI
CircleCI
is
provided by Circle Internet Services, Inc.
CircleCI
is
Continuous Integration, a development practice which is being used by software
teams allowing them to build, test and deploy applications easier and quicker
on multiple platforms.
For more information on what data Circle CI collects
for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit
Circle CI Privacy Policy page: https://circleci.com/privacy/.
16.
Advertising
We may use
third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and
maintain our Service.
AdMob
by Google
AdMob
by
Google is provided by Google LLC.
You can opt-out
from the
AdMob
by Google service by following the
instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more
information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How
Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app” page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or visit the Privacy Policy of
Google: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
17.
Behavioural Remarketing
Retrica
,
Inc. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you
after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to
inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads
(AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google LLC.
You can opt-out
of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display
Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also
recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
– for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides
visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used
by Google Analytics.
For more
information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy
Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook
Facebook
remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn
more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from
Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres
to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising
established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from
Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising
Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising
Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European
Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more
information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data
Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
18.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within
Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g.
payment processors).
We will not
store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided
directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal
information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors
adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards
Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American
Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of
payment information.
The
payment processors we work with are:
PayPal or Braintree:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Apple Store In-App
Payments:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/ / https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203027
Google Play In-App
Payments:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us /
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/u/0/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en
Stripe:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
Adyen
:
Their
Terms and conditions can be viewed at https://www.adyen.com/legal/terms-and-conditions.
Alipay:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://render.alipay.com/p/f/agreementpages/alipayglobalprivacypolicy.html
Square:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://squareup.com/us/en/legal/general/privacy
WePay:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://go.wepay.com/privacy-policy
WeChat:
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at:
https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html
19.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are
not operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to
that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of
every site you visit.
We have no
control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or
practices of any third-party sites or services.
20.
Children's Privacy
Our
Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 (“
Child
”
or “
Children
”).
We do
not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under
18. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please
contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from
Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that
information from our servers.
21.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We
will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service,
prior to the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top
of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on
this page.
22.
Contact Us
If
you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: contact@retrica.co.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement:
Skip to main content
Home
Site policy
GitHub Terms
GitHub Terms of Service
GitHub Corporate Terms of Service
GitHub Terms for Additional Products and Features
GitHub Community Guidelines
GitHub Community Code of Conduct
GitHub Pre-release License Terms
GitHub Sponsors Additional Terms
GitHub Registered Developer Agreement
GitHub Marketplace Terms of Service
GitHub Marketplace Developer Agreement
GitHub Research Program Terms
GitHub Open Source Applications Terms and Conditions
GitHub Event Terms
GitHub Event Code of Conduct
GitHub Educational Use Agreement
GitHub Copilot Extension Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policies
GitHub Acceptable Use Policies
Active Malware or Exploits
Bullying and Harassment
Disrupting the Experience of Other Users
Doxxing and Invasion of Privacy
Hate Speech and Discrimination
Impersonation
Misinformation and Disinformation
Sexually Obscene Content
Threats of Violence and Gratuitously Violent Content
GitHub Appeal and Reinstatement
Privacy Policies
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub Subprocessors
GitHub Cookies
GitHub Codespaces Privacy Statement
GitHub Candidate Privacy Policy
Other Site Policies
GitHub and Trade Controls
GitHub Deceased User Policy
GitHub Logo Policy
GitHub Government Takedown Policy
GitHub Username Policy
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
GitHub Account Recovery Policy
Content Removal Policies
Submitting content removal requests
DMCA Takedown Policy
GitHub Private Information Removal Policy
GitHub Trademark Policy
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Counter Notice
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice
Security Policies
Coordinated Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities
GitHub Bug Bounty Program Legal Safe Harbor
GitHub SIRT description RFC 2350
GitHub Company Policies
GitHub Statement Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor
GitHub Anti-Bribery Statement
GitHub GPL Cooperation Commitment
GitHub Gifts and Entertainment Policy
Site policy
/
Privacy Policies
/
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub General Privacy Statement
In this article
GitHub Privacy Statement
Personal Data We Collect
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing of Personal Data
Private repositories: GitHub Access
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
Your Privacy Rights
International data transfers
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
Security and Retention
Security
Contact Us
Information for Minors
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Translations
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
US State Specific Information
GitHub Privacy Statement
Effective date: February 1, 2024
Welcome to the GitHub Privacy Statement. This is where we describe how we handle your “Personal Data”, which is information that is directly linked or can be linked to you. It applies to the Personal Data that GitHub, Inc. or GitHub B.V., processes as the “Data Controller” when you interact with websites, applications, and services that display this Statement (collectively, “Services”). This Statement does not apply to services or products that do not display this Statement, such as Previews, where relevant.
End User Notice: Organization-Provided GitHub Accounts
When a school or employer supplies your GitHub account, they assume the role of Data Controller for most Personal Data used in our Services. This enables them to:
Manage and administer your GitHub account, including adjusting privacy settings.
Access and utilize your Personal Data, which includes details on how you use the Services, as well as your content and files.
Should you access a GitHub Service through an account provided by an organization, such as your employer or school, the organization becomes the Data Controller, and this Privacy Statement's direct applicability to you changes. Even so, GitHub remains dedicated to preserving your privacy rights. In such circumstances, GitHub functions as a Data Processor, adhering to the Data Controller's instructions regarding your Personal Data's processing. A Data Protection Agreement governs the relationship between GitHub and the Data Controller. For further details regarding their privacy practices, please refer to the privacy statement of the organization providing your account.
In cases where your organization grants access to GitHub products, GitHub acts as the Data Controller solely for specific processing activities. These activities are clearly defined in a contractual agreement with your organization, known as a Data Protection Agreement. You can review our standard Data Protection Agreement at
GitHub Data Protection Agreement
. For those limited purposes, this Statement governs the handling of your Personal Data. For all other aspects of GitHub product usage, your organization's policies apply.
Third Party Access and Data Protection
When you use third-party extensions, integrations, or follow references and links within our Services, the privacy policies of these third parties apply to any Personal Data you provide or consent to share with them. Their privacy statements will govern how this data is processed.
Personal Data We Collect
Personal Data is collected from you directly, automatically from your device, and also from third parties. The Personal Data GitHub processes when you use the Services depends on variables like how you interact with our Services (such as through web interfaces, desktop or mobile applications), the features you use (such as pull requests, Codespaces, or GitHub Copilot) and your method of accessing the Services (your preferred IDE). Below, we detail the information we collect through each of these channels:
From You
Account Data: We collect certain information when you open an account such as your GitHub handle, name, email address, password, payment information and transaction information.
User Content and Files: When you use our Services, we collect Personal Data included as part of the information you provide such as code, inputs, text, documents, images, or feedback.
Demographic information: In some cases, you provide us with ethnicity, gender, or similar demographic details.
Feedback Data: This consists of information you submit through surveys, reviews, or interactive features.
Payment Information: For paid subscriptions, we collect details like name, billing address, and payment specifics.
Profile Information: We collect information to create a user profile, which may include a photo, additional email addresses, job title, or biography.
Sales and Marketing Data: This includes information provided for promotional communications, such as name, email address, and company name.
Support Data: When you seek customer support, we collect details like code, text, or multimedia files.
Automatically
Buttons, Tools, and Content from Other Companies: Our Services may contain links or buttons that lead to third-party services like Twitter or LinkedIn. Use of these features may result in data collection. Engaging with these buttons, tools, or content may automatically send certain browser information to these companies. Please review the privacy statements of these companies for more information.
Essential Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We use cookies and similar technologies to provide essential functionality like storing settings and recognizing you while using our Services.
Non-essential Cookies: Depending on your jurisdiction, we may use online analytics products that use cookies to help us analyze how de-identified users use our Services and to enhance your experience when you use the Services. We may also employ third-party Cookies to gather data for interest-based advertising. In some jurisdictions, we only use non-essential cookies after obtaining your consent. See
this
section for more details and control options.
Email Marketing Interactions: Our emails may have web beacons that offer information on your device type, email client, email reception, opens, and link clicks.
Geolocation Information: Depending on the Service's functionality, we collect regional geolocation data
Service Usage Information: We collect data about your interactions with the Services, such as IP address, device information, session details, date and time of requests, device type and ID, operating system and application version, information related to your contributions to repositories, and performance of specific features or Services.
Website Usage Data: We automatically log data about your Website interactions, including the referring site, date and time of visit, pages viewed, and links clicked.
From Third Parties
Information from Other Users of the Services: Other users may share information about you when they submit issues and comments. We may also receive information about you if you are identified as a representative or administrator on your company's account.
Publicly Available Sources: We may acquire information about you from publicly available sources like public GitHub repositories.
Services you linked to your GitHub account: When you or your administrator integrate third-party apps or services with our Services, we receive information based on your settings with those services. This can include details like your name and email from services like Google for authentication. The information we receive depends on the third-party's settings and privacy policies. Always review these to understand what data is shared with our Services.
Vendors, Partners, and Affiliates: We may receive information about you from third parties, like vendors, resellers, partners, or affiliates for the purposes outlined in this statement.
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
The Personal Data we process depends on your interaction and access methods with our Services, including the interfaces (web, desktop, mobile apps), features used (pull requests, Codespaces, GitHub Copilot), and your preferred access tools (like your IDE). This section details all the potential ways GitHub may process your Personal Data:
Business Operations: We use Personal Data for activities like billing, accounting, and compensation. This includes creating aggregated statistical data for internal reporting, financial reporting, revenue planning, capacity planning, and forecast modeling (including product strategy).
Communication: We use Personal Data to inform you about new Services, features, offers, promotions, and other pertinent information. This also includes sending confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.
Inference: We generate new information from other data we collect to derive likely preferences or other characteristics. For instance, we infer your general geographic location based on your IP address.
Personalization: We use Personal Data to customize the Service to your preferences, to evaluate the effectiveness of enterprise business ads and promotional communications, and to ensure a seamless and consistent user experience.
Safety and Security: To promote safety, integrity, and security across our Services, we process Personal Data, using both automated and, at times, manual techniques for abuse detection, prevention, and violations of terms of service.
Service Provision: We use Personal Data to deliver and update our Services as configured and used by You, and to make ongoing personalized experiences and recommendations.
Troubleshooting: We use Personal Data to identify and resolve technical issues.
Ongoing Service Performance: Personal Data helps us keep the Services up to date and performant, and meet user productivity, reliability, efficacy, quality, privacy, accessibility and security needs.
Complying with and resolving legal obligations: including responding to Data Subject Requests for Personal Data processed by GitHub as Controller (for example website data), tax requirements, agreements and disputes.
Delivering Professional Services: We use Personal Data to deliver training, consulting or implementation (“Professional Services”). This includes providing technical support, professional planning, advice, guidance, data migration, deployment, and solution/software development services.
Improving Professional Services: Enhancing delivery, efficacy, quality, and security of Professional Services and the underlying product(s) based on issues identified while providing Professional Services, including fixing software defects, and otherwise keeping the Professional Services up to date and performant.
When carrying out these activities, GitHub practices data minimization and uses the minimum amount of Personal Information required.
Sharing of Personal Data
We may share Personal Data with the following recipients:
Abuse and Fraud Prevention Entities: We may disclose Personal Data based on a good faith belief it is needed to prevent fraud, abuse, or attacks on our Services, or to protect the safety of GitHub and our users.
Affiliates: Personal Data may be shared with GitHub affiliates, including Microsoft, to facilitate customer service, marketing and advertising, order fulfillment, billing, technical support, and legal and compliance obligations. Our affiliates may only use the Personal Data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
GitHub Organization Accounts: If an organization adds you to their GitHub account, we might share Personal Data with that organization to fulfill the commercial relationship. In such a case, your use of the Services is protected by a data protection agreement and terms between your organization and GitHub
Competent Authorities: We may disclose Personal Data to authorized law enforcement, regulators, courts, or other public authorities in response to lawful requests or to protect our rights and safety. Please refer to our
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
for more information.
Corporate Transaction Entities: we might disclose Personal Data within the limits of the law and in accordance with this Privacy Statement for strategic business transactions such as sales or a merger.
Partners and Resellers: We cooperate with third-parties that offer sales, consulting, support, and technical services for our Services. We may share your data with these partners and resellers where allowed, and with your consent when required.
Subprocessors and Service Providers: We may use vendors to provide services on our behalf, including hosting, marketing, advertising, social, analytics, support ticketing, credit card processing, or security services. They are bound by contractual obligations to ensure the security, privacy, and confidentiality of your information. Please visit
https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-subprocessors
to see our list of Subprocessors.
Visual Studio Code (GitHub Codespaces): GitHub Codespaces and github.dev offer Visual Studio Code in a web browser, where some telemetry is collected by default. Details on telemetry collection are on the
VS Code website
. To opt out, go to File > Preferences > Settings in the top left menu of VS Code. Opting out will sync this preference across all future web sessions in GitHub Codespaces and github.dev.
Other Third-party Applications: Upon your instruction, we may share Personal Data with third-party applications available on our Marketplace. You are responsible for the data you instruct us to share with these applications.
Other Users and the Public: Depending on your account settings, we may share Personal Data with other users of the Services and the public. You control what information is made public. To adjust your settings, visit User Settings in your profile. Please be aware that any information you share in a collaborative context may become publicly accessible.
Private repositories: GitHub Access
If your GitHub account has private repositories, you control the access to that information. GitHub personnel does not access private repository information without your consent except as provided in this Privacy Statement and for:
security purposes
automated scanning or manual review for known vulnerabilities, active malware, or other content known to violate our Terms of Service
to assist the repository owner with a support matter
to maintain the integrity of the Services, or
to comply with our legal obligations if we have reason to believe the contents are in violation of the law.
GitHub will provide you with notice regarding private repository access unless doing so is prohibited by law or if GitHub acted in response to a security threat or other risk to security.
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
GitHub processes Personal Data in compliance with the GDPR, ensuring a lawful basis for each processing activity. The basis varies depending on the data type and the context, including how you access the services. Our processing activities typically fall under these lawful bases:
Contractual Necessity: Processing is required to fulfill our contractual duties to you, in accordance with the GitHub Terms of Service.
Legal Obligation: We process data when it's necessary to comply with applicable laws or to protect the rights, safety, and property of GitHub, our affiliates, users, or third parties.
Legitimate Interests: We process data for purposes that are in our legitimate interests, such as securing our Services, communicating with you, and improving our Services. This is done only when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights or your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Consent: We process data when you have explicitly consented to such processing. When we rely on consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing at any time. The procedures for withdrawal are detailed in this Statement and available on our website.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your residence location, you may have specific legal rights regarding your Personal Data:
The right to access the data collected about you
The right to request detailed information about the specific types of Personal Data we've collected over the past 12 months, including data disclosed for business purposes
The right to rectify or update inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data under certain circumstances
The right to erase or limit the processing of your Personal Data under specific conditions
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, as allowed by applicable law
The right to withdraw consent, where processing is based on your consent
The right to receive your collected Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format to facilitate its transfer to another company, where technically feasible
To exercise these rights, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. To verify your identity for security, we may request extra information before addressing your data-related request. Please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com for any feedback or concerns. Depending on your region, you have the right to complain to your local Data Protection Authority. European users can find authority contacts on the European Data Protection Board website, and UK users on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
We aim to promptly respond to requests in compliance with legal requirements. Please note that we may retain certain data as necessary for legal obligations or for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims.
International data transfers
GitHub stores and processes Personal Data in a variety of locations, including your local region, the United States, and other countries where GitHub, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or subprocessors have operations. We transfer Personal Data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to countries that the European Commission has not recognized as having an adequate level of data protection. When we engage in such transfers, we generally rely on the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under
Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914
, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where GitHub processes personal data, see this article on the
European Commission website
.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
GitHub also complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
GitHub has the responsibility for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on GitHub’s behalf. GitHub shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Dispute resolution process
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, GitHub commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact GitHub at: dpo[at]github[dot]com.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the International Centre for Dispute Resolution are provided at no cost to you.
An individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. For additional information visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Government Enforcement
GitHub is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. § 45), an organization's failure to abide by commitments to implement the DPF Principles may be challenged as deceptive by the FTC. The FTC has the power to prohibit such misrepresentations through administrative orders or by seeking court orders.
Security and Retention
GitHub uses appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your Personal Data. We’ll retain your Personal Data as long as your account is active and as needed to fulfill contractual obligations, comply with legal requirements, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. The retention duration depends on the purpose of data collection and any legal obligations.
Security
GitHub uses administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate to protect your Personal Data.
Contact Us
Contact us via our contact form or by emailing our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Our addresses are:
GitHub B.V.
Prins Bernhardplein 200, Amsterdam
1097JB
The Netherlands
GitHub, Inc.
88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States
Information for Minors
Our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from such individuals. If you become aware that a minor has provided us with Personal Data, please
notify us
.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
GitHub may periodically revise this Privacy Statement. If there are material changes to the statement, we will provide at least 30 days prior notice by updating our website or sending an email to your primary email address associated with your GitHub account.
Translations
Below are translations of this document into other languages. In the event of any conflict, uncertainty, or apparent inconsistency between any of those versions and the English version, this English version is the controlling version.
French
Cliquez ici pour obtenir la version française:
Déclaration de confidentialité de GitHub (PDF)
.
Other translations
For translations of this statement into other languages, please visit
https://docs.github.com/
and select a language from the drop-down menu under “English.”
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
Cookies and tracking technologies
GitHub uses cookies to provide, secure and improve our Service or to develop new features and functionality of our Service. For example, we use them to (i) keep you logged in, (ii) remember your preferences, (iii) identify your device for security and fraud purposes, including as needed to maintain the integrity of our Service, (iv) compile statistical reports, and (v) provide information and insight for future development of GitHub. We provide more information about
cookies on GitHub
that describes the cookies we set, the needs we have for those cookies, and the expiration of such cookies.
For Enterprise Marketing Pages, we may also use non-essential cookies to (i) gather information about enterprise users’ interests and online activities to personalize their experiences, including by making the ads, content, recommendations, and marketing seen or received more relevant and (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of targeted advertising and other marketing efforts. If you disable the non-essential cookies on the Enterprise Marketing Pages, the ads, content, and marketing you see may be less relevant.
Our emails to users may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email communications more effective and to make sure we are not sending you unwanted email.
The length of time a cookie will stay on your browser or device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay until they expire or are deleted. The expiration time or retention period applicable to persistent cookies depends on the purpose of the cookie collection and tool used. You may be able to delete cookie data. For more information, see
GitHub General Privacy Statement
.
What are cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, local storage, and mobile analytics, to operate and provide our Services. When visiting Enterprise Marketing Pages, like resources.github.com, these and additional cookies, like advertising IDs, may be used for sales and marketing purposes.
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your device. A cookie can later be read when your browser connects to a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie contains a string of numbers and letters that may uniquely identify your device and can contain other information as well. This allows the web server to recognize your browser over time, each time it connects to that web server.
Web beacons are electronic images (also called “single-pixel” or “clear GIFs”) that are contained within a website or email. When your browser opens a webpage or email that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically operated by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on our websites (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts that content.
Mobile identifiers for analytics can be accessed and used by apps on mobile devices in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. When visiting Enterprise Marketing pages, like resources.github.com, on a mobile device these may allow us and our third-party analytics and advertising partners to collect data for sales and marketing purposes.
We may also use so-called “flash cookies” (also known as “Local Shared Objects” or “LSOs”) to collect and store information about your use of our Services. Flash cookies are commonly used for advertisements and videos.
How do we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies?
The GitHub Services use cookies and similar technologies for a variety of purposes, including to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, analyze how our Services perform, track your interaction with the Services, develop inferences, combat fraud, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. Some of these cookies and technologies may be provided by third parties, including service providers and advertising partners. For example, our analytics and advertising partners may use these technologies in our Services to collect personal information (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) related to your online activities over time and across Services for various purposes, including targeted advertising. GitHub will place non-essential cookies on pages where we market products and services to enterprise customers, for example, on resources.github.com.
We and/or our partners also share the information we collect or infer with third parties for these purposes.
The table below provides additional information about how we use different types of cookies:
Purpose
Description
Required Cookies
GitHub uses required cookies to perform essential website functions and to provide the services. For example, cookies are used to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, improve user experience, and for audience measurement. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Analytics
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better. For example, cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. We also use some analytics cookies to provide personalized advertising.
Social Media
GitHub and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on GitHub’s websites. This ensures that the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests. This also enables third parties to develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by GitHub.
Advertising
In addition, GitHub and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads based on ads you've already seen. Cookies also track which ads you click or purchases you make after clicking an ad. This is done both for payment purposes and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, cookies are used to detect when you click an ad and to show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
What are your cookie choices and controls?
You have several options to disable non-essential cookies:
Specifically on GitHub Enterprise Marketing Pages
Any GitHub page that serves non-essential cookies will have a link in the page’s footer to cookie settings. You can express your preferences at any time by clicking on that linking and updating your settings.
Some users will also be able to manage non-essential cookies via a cookie consent banner, including the options to accept, manage, and reject all non-essential cookies.
Generally for all websites
You can control the cookies you encounter on the web using a variety of widely-available tools. For example:
If your browser sends a
Do Not Track
(DNT) signal, GitHub will not set non-essential cookies and will not load third party resources which set non-essential cookies.
Many browsers provide cookie controls which may limit the types of cookies you encounter online. Check out the documentation for your browser to learn more.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block tracking, such as
Privacy Badger
, non-essential cookies set by a website or third parties may be disabled.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block unwanted content, such as
uBlock Origin
, non-essential cookies will be disabled to the extent that content that sets non-essential cookies will be blocked.
You may use the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to communicate your privacy preferences. If GitHub detects the GPC signal from your device, GitHub will not share your data (we do not sell your data). To learn more, visit
Global Privacy Control — Take Control Of Your Privacy
Advertising controls. Our advertising partners may participate in associations that provide simple ways to opt out of ad targeting, which you can access at:
United States:
NAI
and
DAA
Canada:
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Europe:
European Digital Advertising Alliance
These choices are specific to the browser you are using. If you access our Services from other devices or browsers, take these actions from those systems to ensure your choices apply to the data collected when you use those systems.
US State Specific Information
This section provides extra information specifically for residents of certain US states that have distinct data privacy laws and regulations. These laws may grant specific rights to residents of these states when the laws come into effect. This section uses the term “personal information” as an equivalent to the term “Personal Data.”
Privacy Rights
These rights are common to the US State privacy laws:
Right to Knowledge and Correction: You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we’ve collected about you and the right to correct inaccurate information. You can exercise this right by contacting us. You can also access and edit basic account information in your settings.
Right to Know Data Recipients: We share your information with service providers for legitimate business operations, such as data storage and hosting. For more details, please see “Sharing Your Information” below.
Right to request Deletion: You reserve the right to request the deletion of your data, barring a few exceptions. Such exceptions include circumstances where we are required to retain data to comply with legal obligations, detect fraudulent activity, investigate reports of abuse or other violations of our Terms of Service, or rectify security issues. Upon receiving your verified request, we will promptly delete your personal information (unless an exception applies), and instruct our service providers to do the same. We employ brief retention terms by design.
Right to a Timely Response: You are allowed to make two free requests in any 12-month period. We commit to responding to your request within 45 days. In complex cases, we may extend our response time by an additional 45 days.
Non-Discrimination: We will not hold it against you when you exercise any of your rights. On the contrary, we encourage you to review your privacy settings closely and contact us with any questions.
Notice of Collection of Personal Information
We may collect various categories of personal information about our website visitors and users of "Services" which includes GitHub applications, software, products, or services. That information includes identifiers/contact information, demographic information, payment information, commercial information, internet or electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, and inferences drawn from such information.
We collect this information for various purposes. This includes identifying accessibility gaps and offering targeted support, fostering diversity and representation, providing services, troubleshooting, conducting business operations such as billing and security, improving products and supporting research, communicating important information, ensuring personalized experiences, and promoting safety and security.
Exercising your Privacy Rights
To make an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. We may need to verify your identity before processing your request. If you choose to use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, please ensure they have your signed permission or power of attorney as required.
To opt out of the sharing of your personal information, you can click on the "Do Not Share My Personal Information" link on the footer of our Websites or use the Global Privacy Control ("GPC") if available. Authorized agents can also submit opt-out requests on your behalf.
California
Mandatory Disclosures
We also make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with California privacy law:
We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.
The sources of personal information from whom we collected are: directly from you, automatically or from third parties.
The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are as summarized above and in our Privacy Statement under Processing Purposes.
We disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender and rough geographic location), payment information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclosed each category to third-party business partners and service providers, third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites, and other third parties as described in the Sharing of Personal Data section of our Privacy Statement.
As defined by applicable law, we “shared” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above. We shared each category to or with advertising networks, data analytics providers, and social networks.
The business or commercial purpose of sharing personal information is to assist us with marketing, advertising, and audience measurement.
We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.
Shine the Light Act
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing (privacy[at]github[dot]com). Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
Removal of Content
California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information they have publicly posted. To remove content or information you have publicly posted, please submit a
Private Information Removal request
. Alternatively, to request that we remove such content or information, please send a detailed description of the specific content or information you wish to have removed to
GitHub support
. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. If you have any questions about our privacy practices with respect to California residents, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.
We value the trust you place in us and are committed to handling your personal information with care and respect. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please email our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Colorado/Connecticut/Virginia
If you live in Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia you have some additional rights:
If we deny your rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. We will provide you with the necessary information to submit an appeal at that time.
You have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. GitHub does not engage in such profiling as defined by Colorado law, so there’s no need to opt out.
Nevada
We do not sell your covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If you still have questions about your covered information or anything else in our Privacy Statement, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.