WEDO1.COM Game »
Support »
Privacy Policy
«
Death Shooter 3D
Terms of Service
»
Privacy Policy
By
admin
|
2014-05-22
- 12:26
|
Support
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by wedo1.com LTD . and its subsidiaries (“wedo1,” “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected from: (1) web-based applications that are based on our mobile applications but are published by third parties, (2) mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of third parties and which are hosted and operated by such parties, or (3) the on-line submission of resumes and employment applications in connection with the Jobs section of our website.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or mobile applications or by sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, manage your user profile, participate in any interactive features of the Services, request our e-newsletter or other marketing communications, participate in a promotion or survey, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we collect include your name, email address, postal address, photograph, avatar, password, phone number, username, gender, birth day, forum posts and comments, messages between users and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide, but, as you’ll see when you interact with one or more of the Services, the exact types of information we collect will depend on the Service you choose to use. Prize winners of contests or sweepstakes may also have to provide their Social Security Numbers, which are used exclusively for prize fulfillment and related tax purposes.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICES
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
We collect device-specific information when you access our Services from a mobile device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and country, language, screen size and resolution, and battery life remaining.
Use Information:
We collect information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, game play activity, interactions with other players, your IP address and, with respect to our website, the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this includes sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below. We also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that are used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
Other Information Collected with Permission:
Our mobile applications that are distributed through various “app” stores also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES
We also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, profile picture, phone number, email address, gender, date of birth and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information
We use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Setup your gWallet account and manage the wedo1 credits that you earn and use across our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by wedo1 and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards; and
Carry out any other purpose for which you consent at the time of collection.
Sharing of Information
We share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to provide services to us or to you;
With other users of the social features of the Services. For example, your username, profile picture and the virtual content you have accumulated in a game may be visible to other users of that game. Additionally, information that you provide in your account registration for a forum and your forum comments may be available to other forum users.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of wedo1 or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or
With your consent or at your direction.
We also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Social Sharing Features
The Services offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services, to provide analytics services and provide you with other services, such as rewards programs and tournaments. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, your account information (that you set up with these third parties) and other technologies to collect information about you on our Services and other websites and online services, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. These third parties may also share this information with their customers and clients. This information may be used by wedo1, and these other companies and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. Some of these third-party analytics and advertising services offer you a choice to opt out the collection of and/or sharing of this information; links to the opt-out mechanisms for the third parties that offer such a choice can be found in the “Your Choices” section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
International
The information we collect about you may be transferred to, and accessed from within, the United States, which may not offer the same level of data protection as your home jurisdiction.  We will take steps to maintain an adequate level of protection for this information in the jurisdictions in which we process it.  Adequate safeguards that our service providers may use include standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission and the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certifications in case of transfers to the United States.
Security
wedo1 takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
YOUR CHOICES
Website (Game Forums) Account Information
You may update, correct or delete your website (game forums) account information, which includes your username, password, email address and avatar, by logging into your website account and managing your profile. If you wish to delete or deactivate your website account, please email us at
privacy@wedo1.com
, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your website account information for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from wedo1 by following the instructions in those messages or by contacting us at
privacy@wedo1.com
. If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Google Analytics: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Firebase: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Game Analytics: http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Adcolony:
h
ttp://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Vungle:   http://vungle.com/privacy/
Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
END OF PRIVACY POLICY
Bookmark the
permalink
.
«
Death Shooter 3D
Terms of Service
»
Comments are closed.