Sign In
Pediatric Oncall Privacy Policy
Welcome to Pediatric Oncall’s Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we may collect, use and disclose information about users of the Services. The "Services" for purposes of this Privacy Policy means the Sites, the Apps and all information and services provided to you in connection with your use of the Sites and Apps. We may share information collected under this Privacy Policy among the respective Sites and Apps that we own, but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy. References to "we," "us" or "our" refer to Pediatric Oncall.
Type of personal information we collect :
In this section of our Privacy Policy, we discuss the information we may collect about you in connection with your use of the Services, which can include "Personal Information" (i.e. information that we can use to identify you, such as your name or email address) and "Non-Personal Information" (i.e., information that we do not use to identify you).
The user can visit Pediatric Oncall site, "Parents corner and kids corner" or Medical Calculator App without registering or providing any personal information. However, if a medical or paramedical person wishes to access the doctor's side on the site or Pediatric Oncall App, or a parent wishes to ask a query on PARENT CORNER of site or access VACCINE REMINDER APP, then the user has to fill up a registration form to provide certain personal information. The user can also choose to give personal information such as name and email address by filling in the query or the feedback form so that Pediatric Oncall may correspond with the user if the user wants information. Our site's and apps registration and query form requires users to give us personal information such as their name, email, profession and demographic information such as their address and telephone number. The user's personal information is used to contact the visitor as and when necessary. This personal information also allows us to inform you about updates to the service and further additions on Pediatric Oncall. Pediatric Oncall does not sell email addresses of registered users, share user information with an advertiser or a partner web site. Pediatric Oncall uses aggregated user demographic information gathered through server statistics to attract possible advertisers and partner web sites. This is necessary for Pediatric Oncall to remain a free and public service.
Cookies :
Pediatric Oncall also collects information generated as you interact within our app & website (such as your browser type, mobile device type, IP address, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, articles downloaded, article tags and time spent reading each article). We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site and app and of selected sponsors through the use of Cookies. Every computer accessing a Pediatric Oncall Web site or app is assigned a different Cookie by Pediatric Oncall. The information collected by Cookies:
Helps us dynamically generate content on Web pages or in newsletters,
Allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Website or app and selected sponsors sites,
How many people open our emails, and
For what purposes these actions are being taken.
We may use Cookie information to determine the popularity of certain content. Cookies are also used to facilitate a user's log-in, as navigation aides and as session timers. If you reject our Cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our Web site or app may not work; properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use our site or app. We do not link Non-Personal Information from Cookies to Personally Identifiable Information without your permission and do not use Cookies to collect or store Personal Health Information about you.
How We May Use Your Personal Information :
In this section of our Privacy Policy, we discuss how we may use the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information that we collect about you.
By registering for the Services, you are consenting to receive certain communications. Specifically, we may use your registration information to send you communications about our products and services. You may also subscribe to receive certain email newsletters sent to registered users from time to time.
We will use your personal information in:
Providing you with services described on the Site
Verifying your identity when you sign in to any of our Site
Updating you with operational news and information about our Site and services e.g. to notify you about changes to our Site, website disruptions or security updates
Carrying out technical analysis to determine how to improve the Site and services we provide
Monitoring activity on the Site, e.g. to identify potential fraudulent activity and to ensure compliance with the user terms that apply to the Site
Managing our relationship with you, e.g. by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on the Site or asking for your feedback or whether you want to participate in a survey
How you can access your personal information :
You can access some of the personal information that we collect about you by logging in to your account. You also have the right to make a request to access other personal information we hold about you and to request corrections of any errors in that data.
Data deletion :
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information (such as name, email, user ID, phone number) including location, messages (email, sms), photos, device ID, etc. that we collected from you and retained. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies, including Submission & reviewing Journal submissions/articles and; Ask Doctor answers. You can also close the account you have with us at any time, if you want to remove your data related to your account with us then please write to [feedback@pediatriconcall.com]. Alternatively, you can unregister and delete your data by using the
Unregister
link.
Children's Privacy :
Pediatric Oncall does not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know is a child under the age of 13.
Disclosure of Your Information :
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Pediatric Oncall will not disclose any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information it gathers from you on our website or apps. We may only release Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to third parties:
to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search, warrant, subpoena or court order; or
In special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information as described below
Disclosure to Pediatric Oncall Operations and Maintenance Contractors :
Pediatric Oncall operations and maintenance contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing products or services to Pediatric Oncall. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services and/or content for the operation and maintenance of our Web site or app. Unless you have Opted-out of receiving emails and newsletters from Pediatric Oncall, these contractors also may have access to your email address to send newsletters or special promotions to you on our behalf or to send emails to you for purposes such as conducting market research on our behalf. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for Pediatric Oncall. We also contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors
protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and
not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with products and services as required by law.
Disclosure of Aggregate Information :
Pediatric Oncall may provide Aggregate Information to third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our website or app and the activities they conduct while on our site or app. We require parties with whom we share Aggregate Information to agree that they will not attempt to make this information personally identifiable, such as by combining it with other databases.
How long we keep your personal information:
We retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to provide the services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your personal information or to provide you with our services, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information we will retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Business Transitions :
In the event Pediatric Oncall goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Privacy Policy Changes:
As our privacy policies changes in significant ways from time to time, in order to make sure it stays up to date with the latest legal requirements we will make every effort to notify our users of the changes. We will post privacy policy changes on our Web sites or apps in a timely manner. Pediatric Oncall reserves the right to revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time.
Last updated: 22nd October 2023
©2008 - 2025  Pediatric Oncall. All rights reserved.
Ask a Doctor
Book Store
Dengue, Malaria, Leptospirosis & Typhoid
Order Now
Recommended for you
Endocardial Cushion Defect
Nail Problems
Retinoblastoma
Videos
Uncovering the Cause of a Child's Recurring Bleeding Episodes
Typhoid fever in a little girl. #PediatricOncall #PediatricCase #Casestudy #Journal
The Case Study of a 6-Year Old Girl with epilepsy and cardiomyopathy.
View All
Grand Round
Dilemma
Congenital Chikungunya in Newborn along with Early Onset Sepsis: How To Interpret?
Answer
A mother with bad obstetric history - is it due to cytomegalovirus?
Lymphoma
Biliary atresia
A one and a half months old boy presented with noisy breathing since birth and an episode of pneumon...
Answer
Epitrocheal lymphadenopathy
Pneumonia in a 4 month old
Subcutaneous fat necrosis
Pediatric Oncall Journal
CASE REPORTS
IMAGES IN CLINICAL PRACTICE
Hidden in the Navel: A Case of Urachal Sinus Infection in a Newborn
GRAND ROUNDS
Asymptomatic Congenital Parvovirus infection in a neonate born to an asymptomatic mother with Parvovirus infection in the third trimester - Management issues
MCQ
MCQs Set 4
MCQs on Infectious Diseases - 2
MCQs Set 2
MCQs on Inborn Errors of Metabolism
MCQs on Respiratory System
Disclaimer: The information given by www.pediatriconcall.com is provided by medical and paramedical & Health providers voluntarily for display & is meant only for informational purpose. The site does not guarantee the accuracy or authenticity of the information. Use of any information is solely at the user's own risk. The appearance of advertisement or product information in the various section in the website does not constitute an endorsement or approval by Pediatric Oncall of the quality or value of the said product or of claims made by its manufacturer.
X
Sign In
Disease A-Z
Health Topics
Alternative Medicine
Developmental Pediatrics
General Pediatrics
Genetics
Immunodeficiencies
Infectious Diseases
Laboratory Medicine
Neonatology
Nutrition
Pediatric Cardiology
View all topics
Featured Articles
Hypospadias
Cushing's syndrome
Circumcision
Anaphylaxis
Skin allergies
Diabetic ketoacidosis
Kids Corner
Drugs & Calculators
Medical Calculators
Drug Calculators
Genetic Calculators
Growth Calculators
View all Calculators
Drug Index
ACE inhibitor
Alkylating agents
Allergies
View all Drugs
Poisoning Center
Aluminum phosphide
Anti-histaminics
Antidepressants
View all Drugs
Medical Eqipments
Monitors
Pumps
Incubators
View all Eqipments
Diagnostic Aid
Consult & Posts
Ask a Doctor
Diagnostic Dilemma
Question of the Week
Pediatric Blogs
Spot Diagnosis
Grand Rounds
Pedi Poll
Pediatric Oncall Journal
Current Issue
All Issues
Advance Access
About the Journal
Submit Article
Books & Apps
Book Store
Pediatric Oncall
Medical Calculators
Vaccine Reminder
Pediatric Oncall Journal
Drug Center
Parenting
CME & Videos
Upcoming Conferences
Conference Abstracts
MCQs
Videos
Vaccine Reminder
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0