Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Press4Kids Inc. is the home company of
News-O-Matic
.
Press4Kids provides interactive digital content in various formats: text, audio and video.
Press4Kids Inc. takes very seriously the private nature of your personal information. We let you decide what information to give us or not, and we explain exactly what is done with it. This Privacy Policy describes how Press4Kids treats the information if collected with your agreement when you use our services and/or register for our email newsletter or subscribe to our applications. Thank you to read this notice carefully.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS INCORPORATED INTO OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND/OR USE OF THE WEBSITE, THE APPLICATION, AND/OR THE SERVICE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY OR THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DISCONTINUE TO USE AND/OR DO NOT SUBSCRIBE TO THE SITE, THE APPLICATIONS OR THE SERVICES.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
In our applications, Press4Kids asks for the child first name, birthday and location but this information is not required to subscribe. A subscription can be made without providing any child’s personal information. Press4Kids requires Children to get a parent or guardian’s permission before subscribing and or submitting any information.
Why does Press4Kids ask for this?
First name: We use this information to personalize the app experience, welcome the child by name, and manage multiple users throughout the same subscription.
Location: We use the user’s location to pinpoint his or her location on our interactive maps. We DO NOT store this information.
Press4Kids will never disclose any child’s personal information.
Press4Kids also asks for the email address of teachers and educators so they can be sent important information by email such as Teacher Guide for Teachers or Headlines of News-O-Matic for Parents. Please note that this information is not required to subscribe to the application. Email addresses are only obligatory for those who wish to receive our School Edition and/or newsletter. Press4Kids will not disclose any personal information to any third party, except to a respected and secure third party used to help us distribute our School Edition or informative newsletter or if requested by law.
In other services, Press4Kids does not ask for any personal information nor does it collect any personal information.
USAGE INFORMATION
Press4Kids may collect non-personal, aggregated information about users of our services. This information is not personally identifiable and will only be used to figure out how users use our products. For example, this information will show how much time users spend on the service, from where (which sites) users came, and to where (sites) users go. The collection of this information allows Press4Kids to, among other things, prepare for traffic load demands and to efficiently distribute our email newsletter or improve our services.
In addition, students usage data may be retained only for educational purposes (# of articles read, # of words read, answers to assessment questions). At any moment, Parents can request deletion of their children data at the following email address:
info@newsomatic.org
REVIEW AND ACCESS
You will have the ability to access the information that we have collected about you. You will have an opportunity to correct, update, or modify this information at
info@newsomatic.org
. Parents can request deletion of their children data at that same email address:
info@newsomatic.org
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
At any time, subscribers to our email services or newsletter and/or teacher edition can unsubscribe by clicking to the unsubscribe link provided in the emails.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Press4Kids is compliant with the guidelines created by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws and regulations protecting children’s privacy on the Internet. We do not allow persons under 13 years of age to create user accounts without a parent or adult present. Any child using the Service must do so with permission from a parent or guardian. While we make every effort to make child’s experience safe, we encourage parents to monitor the child’s use of our application or website. When registering your child for a subscription, we will ask general questions including their name, age, gender and location. While this information is used to customize the child’s experience, it is not mandatory. We do not disclose this information for any purpose except to provide you with quality service. Any data shared is done so on an anonymous aggregate basis.
TRACKING & THIRD PARTY COOKIES (Website Only)
As with most other websites, the Press4Kids site uses cookies (bits of information that are placed by a website in a storage place on your own computer) but only to allow us to quickly check your status as a subscriber and facilitate access to your preferences. Press4Kids will never use cookies to retrieve information that is unrelated to our site or services. If you do not want cookies, your Web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES (Website Only)
As part of the service, Press4Kids may create links allowing you to access third-party sites. Press4Kids is not responsible for the content that appears on these sites and does not endorse these sites. Please consult the sites’ individual privacy policies in order to determine how they treat user information.
IP ADDRESS (Website Only)
Your Internet Protocol (”IP”) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. From time to time, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information and administer our Website.
SECURITY
All information described above is stored on restricted database servers.
BREACH RESPONSE PLAN
Here are the steps that will be followed in case of data breach: 1- Immediate communication to CTO, CEO & Director of Operations; 2- Shut down the servers hosted on AWS; 3- restore from daily executed back up; 4- scan the data for infection; 5- Inform teachers and school administrators; 6- Generate new passwords: Teachers / administrators will use the reset password link.
MODIFICATION TO THIS POLICY
Press4Kids reserves the right to change this policy from time to time; however, all changes will be posted to this Privacy Policy at the time such changes are made. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page so please check back. A notification will be sent to all customers notifying of any material change to the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use (via email or direct notification). Please note that continued access of Press4Kids will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy. If you have concerns or questions about any aspect of the Press4Kids Privacy Policy, please contact us. We welcome your questions and feedback.
Please send all emails to:
info@newsomatic.org
If you have concerns or questions about any aspect of the Press4Kids Privacy Policy, please contact us. We welcome your questions and feedback.
Please send all emails to:
info@newsomatic.org
Last update: 10/04/2022
​
​