General Privacy Policy
for the Threema App
General
With this General Privacy Policy, we want to give you an overview over the processing of your personal data in relation with the “
Threema App
”.
Detailed information about data protection when using the Threema App can be found
here
.
Who is responsible for processing personal data?
Threema GmbH, Churerstrasse 82, 8808 Pfäffikon SZ, Switzerland, is responsible for the processing of personal data. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy at threema dot ch
.
What purposes does Threema process personal data for?
We process your personal data for the following purposes:
Contract performance;
Bug fixing and product improvement (
voluntary and optional
);
License verification.
What personal data is processed?
Depending on how you use the Threema App in its latest version, the following personal data is processed:
Push token of Google
¹
and Apple;
IP address;
Digital purchase receipt or license key.
The following personal data is optional for the use of the Threema App and will only be processed if you voluntarily provide it:
Telephone number;
Email address;
Log file (as part of “
Debug Logs
”; see Section 2.H. of the
Privacy Policy
of the Threema App).
All text messages, media files, and voice and video calls between Users of the Threema App, including (
voluntarily and optionally
set) nicknames and profile pictures, are end-to-end encrypted; Threema is unable to access any of the contents because it doesn’t know the private keys.
²
What personal data is processed temporarily?
During an ongoing data transmission, the following personal data is only processed temporarily:
IP address.
What personal data is stored linked to the Threema ID, and for how long?
The following personal data is stored by us linked to the Threema ID (
storage period in brackets
):
Push token (for
180 days
);
Telephone number (
until revocation
and only in one-way encrypted form);
Email address (
until revocation
and only in one-way encrypted form).
What personal data is stored without a link to the Threema ID, and for how long?
The following personal data is stored by us without a link to the Threema ID (
storage period in brackets
):
Digital purchase receipt (for
30 days
in pseudonymized form);
License key (for
30 days
);
Log file (
until its analysis
).
Is personal data disclosed to third parties?
We make every effort to process the personal data that occurs when using the Threema App exclusively on our own hardware (servers) in Switzerland.
The following companies located in Switzerland and the EU/EEA are commissioned by us as processors:
For the verification of telephone numbers,
F24 Schweiz AG
and
Swissphone Wireless AG
, located in Switzerland, process telephone numbers to send SMS with verification codes;
For the establishment and transmission of “
Group Calls,
”
Leaseweb Netherlands B.V.
, located in the Netherlands, processes IP addresses.
The following companies located outside of Switzerland and the EU/EEA are commissioned by us as processors (
only concerning Users outside of Switzerland and EU/EEA
):
For the verification of telephone numbers,
Twilio Inc.
, located in the USA, processes telephone numbers to send SMS with verification codes.
What control options do you have?
In addition to your legal claims under data protection law, Threema provides you with the following control options over your personal data:
Rectification, completion, and deletion of your telephone number and email address in the Threema App or via this
link
;
Deletion of your push tokens and the use of “
Threema Push
” as an alternative to the Google push token in the Threema App;
Immediate information about inventory data in the Threema App via this
Threema ID
;
Deletion of all inventory data by revoking your Threema ID via this
link
(
requires revocation password
).
What rights do you have?
You have a right to information to Threema and a right to rectification, completion, deletion, and blocking of your personal data as well as a right to withdrawal (of your consent) and to objection (against data processing based on overriding interests).
Detailed privacy policy
¹ On mobile phones without Google Play services and with the “
Threema Libre
” version of the Threema App, no push tokens are generated; see Section 2.A. of the
Privacy Policy
of the Threema App.
² The sole exception are messages to Broadcast IDs; see Section 2.D. of the
Privacy Policy
of the Threema App.