New and Exclusive
Popular
Slots
Tables
Video Poker
More Games
Adventures of Doubloon Island
Chicago Gold
Amazing Links Zeus
Queen of Alexandria
Odin’s Riches
Assassin Moon
Serengeti Gold
Hyper Strike
Amber Sterling's Mystic Shrine
Atlantis Rising
Galactic Gold (Exclusive)
Noble Sky
9 Mask of Fire
Zeus Ancient Fortunes
Wacky Panda
Gold Collector
Fire or Roses
Break da Bank Again
Agent Jane Blonde Returns
Anna Van Helsing
Fire Forge
Diamond King Jackpot
Thunderstruck 2
Avalon
Jungle Jim El Dorado
Immortal Romance
Alaskan Fishing
Adventure Palace
Sisters of Oz Jackpots
Reel Gems Deluxe
Spectre Estate
Goldaur Guardians
Shogun of Time
Real Roulette with Sarati
Real Baccarat with Courtney
Real Auto Roulette
Multifire Roulette
Atlantic City Blackjack(Multihand)
European Blackjack
Atlantic City Blackjack
Classic Blackjack with Ten-20
Classic Blackjack Gold Series
3 Card Poker Multi-Hand Gold
Classic Blackjack with Sweetheart 16
Jacks or Better
Aces & Eights Video Poker
Double Double Bonus Poker
Aces and Faces
Deuces Wild
Joker Poker
All Aces Video Poker
PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT
15,420,427.11€
All Slots Online Casino
All Slots Online Casino — the world’s #1 online slots casino — offers more than 500
online casino games
including lots of online slots as well as video poker, blackjack, roulette, baccarat, online poker, with more casino games being added every month. All Slots has everything you could possibly desire in an online casino, all under one virtual roof.
One All Slots Account Means Three Great Ways to Play
One All Slots Casino account will give you three great ways to play your favourite casino games. You can play instant Flash games by clicking on the game of your choice right here on the All Slots website with no need to download anything. Or you can access the casino on any mobile phone or tablet and play All Slots mobile casino games. Freedom, flexibility, and convenience are the bywords of All Slots Online Casino.
Get Your 1500€ Welcome Package
All Slots shows its appreciation to its members with a generous array of bonuses and promotions. During your first week as an All Slots player, you will be entitled to a Welcome Package of bonuses worth up to 1500€. After that, you will continue to receive casino bonuses and promotions that change every month but are always exciting, valuable Loyalty Points for every real money wager you make and, for our most loyal players, an invitation to join the luxurious VIP Program. It is all part of the All Slots way of saying Thank you for joining us and Thank you for staying with us.
Customer Support, Banking, and Security
All Slots employs a staff of smart, courteous, and knowledgeable customer support agents. For any question or problem, just contact us by live chat, or email, and we'll help you solve it quickly and efficiently. Twenty-four hours a day, 7 days a week — All Slots is on your side.
All Slots offers a wide range of safe, secure, and convenient online banking options for your casino deposits and withdrawals. We also use the most advanced security technologies and procedures to protect your privacy and financial transactions so you can enjoy playing online slots and other online casino games with complete peace of mind.
Great Online Casino Slots
All Slots is famous for its hundreds of great
online casino slots
. It has 3-reel slots and 5-reel slots; classic slots and video slots; and progressive jackpot slots. It has slots with wild symbols and free spins and fantastic bonus games. It has MegaSpin Slots that enable you to spin up to nine online casino slot machines at once and MultiPlayer Slots that allow the entire community to share in the online slots excitement.
Travel back to the age of the dinosaurs or forward to the age of intergalactic space travel. Meet your favourite sports stars, action-adventure heroes, and mythological gods and goddesses. Climb the highest mountains or dive into the deepest seas. You can do it all while spinning the online casino slot machines at All Slots Casino.
And Great Online Slots Tournaments
How would you like to be recognized as king (or queen) of the online slot casino? It can very well happen if you join a multiplayer online slots tournament at All Slots. Now, it's not just you against the online casino slot machines, it's you against other real human-being online slot players. You all start the tournament with the same number of coins and the same amount of time to play them, and then you use your online slots luck and online slots strategy to compete for real cash prizes and the coveted title of Online Slots Champion. What a thrill that would be!
Plus Loads of Great Online Casino Games
Of course, there is a lot more to All Slots than just slots. In fact, you can find literally hundreds of great casino games at All Slots.
Take
roulette
, for example. All Slots offers American, European, and French roulette, as well as multiwheel roulette, multiplayer roulette, Premier Roulette, Gold Series online roulette games, and progressive jackpot Roulette Royale. That's a lot of roulette you can play in the casino online. You can also play many variations of online blackjack, video poker and more.
Or try something completely different. Experiencing a new game that you've never tried before is part of the fun of playing in a casino online. So try your hand at Bonus Pai Gow Poker or Baccarat. Who knows? You could end up loving it.
The All Slots Live Casino
The All Slots Live Casino combines the best of all worlds. As an online casino, it gives you the freedom to play from any computer, anywhere in the world, at any time, at your convenience. But like a brick-and-mortar casino, it has real live people who deal the cards or spin the roulette wheel and cheerfully announce your winnings. And these dealers are extremely attractive, which certainly doesn't hurt anything.
The convenience of the online casino combined with the attractiveness of lovely live dealers: you can have it all at All Slots Live Casino.
Progressive Jackpots at All Slots
A progressive jackpot is just what it sounds like: it is a jackpot that progresses — in other words, it gets bigger — every time someone plays the game. Then, when some lucky gambler hits the jackpot, it resets and starts progressing again. For a chance to win big money in the casino, progressive jackpot games are the way to go.
All Slots has all kinds of progressive jackpot games. It has 3-reel and 5-reel online progressive slot machines, it has progressive poker, progressive blackjack, progressive roulette, and progressive video poker. Lots of progressive games, lots of big jackpots, and lots of fun at All Slots.
Play Slots for Fun or Play for Real Money
At All Slots Casino, you will never be pressured into betting and risking your money if you don't want to. With just a few exceptions — the
progressive jackpot games
, the multiplayer games, and the live dealer games — all of the games at All Slots can be played for free and just for fun or can be played for real money. It's your choice. You can start with play for fun and then switch over to play for real after you have had a chance to familiarize yourself with the game and to perfect your strategy, or you can play for fun forever just because it's fun. A land-based brick-and-mortar casino would never let you play the games without gambling, but when you play casino games online at All Slots you are free to play for fun as much as you want to.
Welcome to All Slots Casino
Welcome to All Slots! Check out our online slot machines and other online casino games and check out the exciting bonuses and promotions in store for you. Good luck and have fun!