We use cookies to provide you with a better experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
×
Stay Connected :
Login
Logout
Home
» Privacy Policy
Email
Share
Privacy Policy
Horizon House Publications Inc. (Microwave Journal) respects your privacy. Advertising keeps Microwave Journal websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe and relevant. Please read the following information about our policies for use of any of your personal information.
We collect the domain names and e-mail addresses (where possible) of visitors to our web pages or events (such as webinars, EDI CON Online or other virtual events). Additionally, we aggregate information on the pages that consumers access or visit, and we collect information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registration.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, and to notify visitors about updates to our Web site. We occasionally use this information to contact visitors for marketing purposes and may share it with other organizations to notify you of relevant industry information or share it with sponsors that may send marketing information or newsletters.
In some instances, user demographics may be forwarded in the form of an email to web advertisers when users click on certain banners or links. We use cookies to store visitors' preferences, record user-specific information regarding particular pages viewed, record past activity in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type, and record other information that the visitor sends.
We sometimes use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Anytime your information might be supplied to an advertiser, we provide a clear statement on the form notifying you that registration for the event or content may be used by an advertiser.
If you supply us with your postal address or telephone number online, you may receive periodic mailings or be contacted via telephone or
SMS, MMS (or successor protocols or technologies)
with information about new products and services or upcoming events. We do not partner with, or have special relationships with, any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should periodically check our web site for changes.
Customers may update their preferences by contacting us via
e-mail
, telephone or U.S. mail using the contact information listed below. Visitors have the ability to correct inaccuracies in contact information, unique identifiers, and/or communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. You may have your information removed from our database by accessing this
Right to be Forgotten form
at any time.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Copyright © 2023 Microwave Journal
®
.
Horizon House Inc.
685 Canton Street,
Norwood, MA 02062
781-769-9750
mwj@e-circ.net
Horizon House Ltd.
16 Sussex Street,
London SW1V 4RW UK
(+44) 20 7596 8740
Sign up for Microwave  Journal Newsletters
Subscribe
Current Issue
Digital Edition
Buyer's Guide
Click this featured vendor's logo for the latest RF/microwave products, catalogs, brochures and company news.
Featured Listing
Get Listed In The Directory
Popular Posts
Cable and Connector Guide to Accurate and Reliable Measurements
Verizon Sets New 5G Upload Speed Record
Rohde & Schwarz and Qualcomm Unlock Potential of Proposed FR3 for Next-Gen 6G Wireless Networks
Featured Videos
Frequency Matters, Feb 21: Satellite/Radio Issue Products, Industry News/Events
See More Videos
Featured products
SMPX Interconnects
By
RFMW
CPI Electron Device Business’ Receiver Protectors
By
CPI Electron Device Business
C-Band Radar:  Model 2240
By
Empower RF Systems Inc.
MM1-1886HCSP2:  Linear Passive GaAs Double Balanced MMIC Mixer
By
Marki Microwave Inc., Morgan Hill, Calif.