Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 1, 2024 – This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications for mobile and desktop devices that was created by DanteMedia, LLC.
User Provided Information
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; and; (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
GEO Location Information
When using the mobile application, it may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location such as the city you are located within to display a map for use when recording a journal entry. We do not store this information and will not share your current location with other users or partners.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained in the Application?
Yes, We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
If DanteMedia, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
For personal data subject to the
European Union General Data Processing Regulations
(“
GDPR
”), we rely on several legal bases to process the data. These legal bases include where:
The processing is necessary to perform our contractual obligations in our Terms of Service or other contracts with you (such as to provide you the Service as described in our Terms of Service);
You have given your prior consent, which you may withdraw at any time (such as for marketing purposes or other purposes we obtain your consent for from time to time);
The processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order or to exercise or defend legal claims;
The processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such as in improving, personalizing, and developing the Service, marketing the Service, such as new features or products that may be of interest, and promoting safety and security as described above.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States our information will be transferred, processed and stored there under the United States privacy standards.
How Can I Contact Dante Media, LLC?
DanteMedia welcomes your feedback regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have questions, comments or concerns about this Policy, please contact us by email at support AT dantemedia DOT com.