Privacy & Cookie Policy
(last updated 12 OCT 2022)
1. Personal Information
BP Board Games do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
This policy applies to our games:
Lords of Words
Speedy Math
Solitaire Games : 9
Checkers Games
Baby Games 2+
Backgammon Games : 18
BP Board Games collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Applications.
3.BP Board Games build analytics into our games to help us to improve them 
    to give the user the best possible game experience. This samples anonymous 
    non-personal data that simply allows us to find out what users do and do not
    like. Fully respects the user's privacy and never collects information 
    that could be directly linked to the user and also displays advertisements 
    to fund the creation of these games. This is all governed by the following 
    privacy policy:
Unless explicitly given the opportunity to accept this policy inside an 
    app, please note that by using or otherwise accessing any of ours mobile 
    application, you are agreeing to this privacy policy. If you 
    do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use or otherwise 
    access our applications.
We, through using ads in some of our apps, disclose limited user 
    data to ad networks in order to provide users with targeted relevant ads. 
    Under CCPA, this constitutes selling of personal information, and therefore 
    we provide the required general opt out link in our apps. Outside of disclosing 
    this limited data to ad networks, we does not sell any user personal 
    information.
To learn more about what limited data we disclose to ad networks only Admob.
GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is effective from 25th May 
    2018. It is designed to strengthen rights to privacy and make sure that all 
    companies deal with all personal data covered by GDPR according to EU and 
    UK laws.
This Privacy Policy will show what information we collect, why and what it 
    is used for. We store data securely.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
We complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) in the U.S. and does not knowingly collect personal information about children.
Anonymous Data
We may collect and use anonymous data, via Google Analytics (and 
    Google Analytics for Firebase). We cannot identify you from this data. The 
    data is pooled to give us general statistics on our audience and usage of 
    our apps.
Google Analytics collects an app-instance identifier — a randomly generated 
    number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets 
    their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers 
    on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
For example, Google Analytics automatically samples a user's country and 
    city, chosen device language, device model and make, screen resolution, app 
    version being used, operating system version, mobile phone network. This pooled 
    data provides statistics that can help us determine, for example, where our 
    apps are being most commonly used, and on which devices. This can help us 
    determine how to update our apps going forward.
Google Analytics also automatically collects data including app sessions 
    numbers, session lengths, screen visits, flow from screen to screen, and app 
    acquisition data (where a user came from to install an app). Alongside data 
    that is automatically collected by Google Analytics, we also collect our own 
    anonymous data on our app usage through Google Analytics. This includes game 
    settings chosen, game results and other general UI events. Taken together, 
    this data allows us to improve our apps in many ways. For example, if a high 
    proportion of users can’t beat level 1 in our game, we need to make it 
    easier. Such data can also help us improve artwork in the game (by knowing 
    what styles are most popular), or help us determine default option settings. 
    We also collect data on which of our apps are installed, so that we have a 
    better idea of which apps might be popular with users of another of our apps. 
    We also track the effectiveness of our in-app cross promotions (promoting 
    our own other apps).
Online Multiplayer for the games that use it
Online Multiplayer in our apps use Google’s Firebase (Realtime Database and Cloud Functions) alongside Google Play Games accounts. Signing into multiplayer requires a Google Play Games account.
The Firebase Realtime Database only contains basic data required to allow 
    multiplayer to work, such as a list of matches the user is part of, and the 
    details of each match. Only Google Play Games user IDs and Google Play Games 
    user names (both of which are anyway publicly available in the Google Play 
    Games system) are used to identify users in the database. We do not store 
    any other personal data for any users in the database (i.e. no real name, 
    no date of birth, no email address, etc).
Emailed Personal Information
Any personal information sent to us by email will be stored by our email systems. Your email address will be used to respond to your email and we may also ask if you would like to be a beta tester for one of our apps.
We won't ask for any personal information that we don't need.
Your Access to Your Information
It is your right to access information held about you. GDPR means we have 
    to provide you with a copy of all requested personal data we hold 
    about you within 30 days of receiving your request.
If the data we hold on you is incorrect, you have the right to correct 
    this. You also have the right to "erasure" so if you don't want  
    to have any of your information, we will remove any personal information we hold on you.
Personal Information and Third Parties
We keep sales data from third parties including Google Play, iTunes and Amazon 
    to review sales and provide refunds. We don't share your personal information 
    with third parties except where necessary to provide the service you are requesting 
    or where we are legally obliged.
Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that certain third parties, including but not limited to application 
    stores, may be needed in order for you to access our mobile applications. 
    These third parties have their own privacy policies which we cannot 
    control.
Links to Third Party Sites or Games
Our mobile applications are supported by advertisements, which provide access 
    to third party sites or apps.
Our mobile applications may provide access to third party social networking, 
    communication and search features.
Please be aware that, if you use any of these links you will leave our app 
    and the page you go to will not be governed by our privacy policy. 
    We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst 
    outside of our app.
These third party sites or apps are not affiliated with or controlled by us. We are not responsible for their content or for the use of any information you may provide them.  Our links to these sites or apps does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those sites or apps or the people or companies responsible for them.
Updates to this Policy
We may revise our privacy policy from time to time. When we 
    do, those changes will be reflected here (as accessed via our app pages on the relevant application store). Any significant change we make to data usage will 
    be drawn to your attention via our apps. We encourage you to review this privacy 
    policy from time to time. Your continued use of our applications 
    will signify your acceptance of the changes to this privacy policy.
Ad Networks
Advertising in our apps is provided by a number of third party ad networks. 
    If GDPR applies to you, ads in our apps will default to being non-personalised 
    but you may be prompted to opt in to personalised ads. Ad networks who provide 
    adverts to our mobile applications may access identifiers assigned to your 
    device, such as Google Advertising ID, or unique device identifiers (none 
    of these IDs allow you to be identified as a person).
We choose to only provide ad networks with a minimal set of application 
    permissions required for these ads to function. We only use ad networks that 
    take their GDPR and CCPA obligations seriously and have implemented steps 
    needed to support GDPR and CPPA compliance. Each of their own privacy policies 
    are listed below.