Home
Services
Mobile Application Development
Business Data Analytics
Portfolio
Mobile Applications
Big Data Analytics
About Us
Corporate Overview
Mission and Values
Locations
Contact Us
Request Information
Request For Proposal
Sign Up Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Effective as of March, 2009
Introduction
This privacy statement applies to Comc Soft Corporation and its subsidiaries.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, or do not feel that your concerns have been addressed, please direct your questions to ComcSoft using the contact us link.
Information Collection and Retention
As a visitor, you do not have to submit any personally identifiable information in order to use the ComcSoft website. Personally identifiable information is not collected via the ComcSoft website unless it is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors. Such information may consist of, but is not limited to, your name, current job title, company address, email address and telephone and fax numbers. We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with our business purposes.
As a general rule, sensitive information (e.g., data relating to race or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, criminal record, physical or mental health, or sexual orientation) is not collected from visitors to the ComcSoft website. We will, where necessary, obtain visitors' explicit consent to collect and use such information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
To ensure that the ComcSoft website is well managed and to facilitate improved navigation within it, cookies (small text files stored in a user's browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow websites to count visitors who have accessed a particular page and to access certain cookies) are used on the ComcSoft website to collect aggregate data. Cookies and Web beacons may be used to track information and identify categories of visitors by items such as IP address, domain, browser type and pages visited. This information is used to analyze the number of visitors to different areas of the ComcSoft website to make sure that it is serving as a useful, effective information source.
These cookies and web beacons are not used to collect any personally identifiable information such as your name or e-mail address. Further, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. However, under specific circumstances, visitors may be denied access to some parts of the ComcSoft website if their browsers are set to decline cookies.
Safe Harbor Privacy Policy
ComcSoft adhere to the Safe Harbor Agreement between the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission with respect to personally identifiable information that is transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States within the scope of the ComcSoft Entities' Safe Harbor certification.
Information Use
Personally identifiable information submitted via the ComcSoft website is used only for limited purposes. For example, when you register to gain access to premium content, attend a hosted event, respond to a survey or request future communications about specific areas of interest, the information you submit may be used to respond to you: to create a personal profile that will allow ComcSoft to manage their relationship with you, such as providing you with information they feel would be of interest to you or to facilitate responding to further requests or inquiries from you: or to personalize your website experience. In addition, the webmasters may, where necessary, use your information for various site related tasks.
You may at any time request to be removed from emails or other communications generated in response to your registration on the ComcSoft website.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Personally identifiable information may be provided to third party service providers for processing purposes or in connection with a third party service provider's hosting or maintaining the ComcSoft website, but such information will not otherwise be shared with third parties unless so disclosed at the point of collection. Personally identifiable information may be transmitted internationally to third parties for the purposes identified above. This may include transfer to countries without data protection rules similar to those in effect in your country of residence. By providing information to the ComcSoft website, you are consenting to such transfers.
Where appropriate, personally identifiable information may be disclosed to law enforcement, regulatory or other government agencies, or third parties where necessary or desirable to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests or for the purposes identified above.
User Profiles
Visitors may review the personally identifiable information they have submitted to the ComcSoft website and correct any inaccuracies by accessing their user profile. In their user profile, they may correct and update their details, or delete their profile at any time.
Visitors who have any problem accessing their profiles, or would like to request a copy of the personal information contained in their user profiles, should contact ComcSoft using the contact us link. In all cases we will treat requests to access information or change information in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
Information Security
We have in place reasonable commercial standards of technology and operational security designed to protect all personally identifiable information provided by visitors via the ComcSoft website from unauthorized third party access.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Comc Soft Corporation reserves the right to modify or amend this privacy statement at any time and for any reason. Nothing contained herein creates or is intended to create a contract or agreement between the ComcSoft Entities and any user visiting the ComcSoft website or providing identifying information of any kind.
Children's Privacy Protection
Comc Soft Corporation understands the importance of protecting children's privacy in the interactive online world. The ComcSoft website covered by this privacy policy is not designed for or intentionally targeted at children 13 years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Visitors' Questions
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your privacy while using the ComcSoft website, please direct them to ComcSoft using the contact us link.
Copyright © 2014 Comc Soft Corporation
Sitemap
|
Privacy Statement