App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
iPhone Screenshots
Description
I’m a ex-smoker myself, I know how hard it is to quit smoking and to stay clean. After I quit smoking I started to use some quit smoking apps. None of them did really helped me, what I needed was some support during the difficult moments.
I decided to spent my time on developing a app which would give ex-smokers the support they need during the difficult moments. I’m proud to introduce you the “Quit smoking buddy” app.
With our easy to use setup walk through you can start using the app in seconds. The “Quit smoking buddy” app will show you how long it’s been since your last cigarette. The app will also shows you how much cigarettes you didn't smoked and how much money you have saved! Quit smoking will feel like a game when you complete our health goals and accomplish your achievements!
What makes the “Quit smoking buddy” app really special is your personal quit coach! Choose the level of support you need and receive daily support from your personal quit smoking coach. A life without smoking will become a realistic and reachable goal! Quit smoking today and let the Quit smoking Buddy coach help you!
Check out the app functions:
- Get daily support from our quit smoking coach.
- Complete the health goals.
- Accomplish your achievements.
- Share your results with friends on Facebook.
- Shows: How many days since you've quit, how much money you have saved, the amount of cigarettes not smoked.
Our goal is to become the number 1 quit smoking app worldwide and to support as many ex-smokers as possible.
Are you satisfied with our free app? Take a look at Quit smoking Buddy Pro. This app offers 100 days of coach support at different levels.
What extra options does our paid App offer?
- Choose the level of coach support you need.
- Get up to 100 days of support.
- Add your own personal achievements.
- More health goals to accomplish.
- 100% Ad-free.
more
What’s New
Version History
17 Feb 2016
Version 3.6
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
Fixed small bugs, some app improvements.
Contact form fixed.
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
sander van der graaff
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Sander Graaff has identified itself as a trader for this app and confirmed that this product or service complies with European Union law.
Address
Ijsvogel 13
2953GC Alblasserdam
Netherlands
Phone Number
+31 614501165
Email
info@hqmedia.nl
Size
14.6 MB
Category
Health & Fitness
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 7.0 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 7.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
12+
Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References
Copyright
© Hqmedia
Price
Free
Developer Website
App Support
Developer Website
App Support
You Might Also Like
See All
Rookvrijheid
Health & Fitness
Quit Smoking, Smoke Free Flamy
Health & Fitness
Quiddy: stoppen met roken
Health & Fitness
Alcoholvrijheid
Health & Fitness
Stop Smoking App - Smoke Free
Health & Fitness
Quit smoking for good - Kwit
Health & Fitness
Sub-section Policy: 