This privacy policy will explain when and how we (Modra Jagoda d.o.o., a limited liability company based in Slovenia) store and use personal information you provide in our apps and websites, and your rights regarding that information. We handle your personal information with transparency, security and privacy as our top priority, and this document is intended to provide you with all the important details.
What personal information do we collect from you?
At registration we collect the following personal information from you to enable appropriate access to our content:
E-mail: your personal or work e-mail (all users)
Title: your professional title (all users)
Specialty and subspecialty: your medical specialty and subspecialty, if applicable (only for medical doctors and dentists)
Name: your personal name (only for medical doctors, veterinary doctors, dentists or pharmacists)
Workplace: where you work (only for medical doctors, veterinary doctors, dentists or pharmacists)
Study course: your course of study (only for students)
During app use, we save the following information connected with your user account:
Date of last use of the app: when was the last time you used the app
If the app crashes, we collect the following information:
Unique ID of the installation:
Why and how do we use your information?
E-mail:
to use as your username in our apps and websites
to send you account management (non-marketing) e-mails for cases such as:
confirmation of registration
forgotten password
change of password
download of user data
deletion of user data
expiry of user account
privacy policy and/or terms and condition changes
similar content required for managing your user account
Title:
to unlock and adapt the functionality of the app based on your professional title. Certain professional content is limited to healthcare professionals who can prescribe drugs (doctors and pharmacists)
Specialty, subspecialty:
to confirm the identity of healthcare professionals who can prescribe drugs
to adapt app functionality to the specialty and subspecialty of the user (showing educational digital tools, news and promotional content relevant to that specialty)
Name, workplace:
to confirm the identity of healthcare professionals who can prescribe drugs
Study course:
to identify medical students and pharmacist students who will become healthcare professionals in the future and will be therefore eligible to use professional content limited to that audience
Date of last use of the app:
to manage automatic expiry and deletion of your user account. After 3 years of inactivity, your account and all associated information will be deleted automatically (you will receive a notice ahead of time).
With your explicit consent that we will ask you for separately from the registration, we may use the following information:
E-mail, title, specialty, subspecialty:
to send you product updates and marketing e-mails roughly once a month, using Mailchimp, the most reputable third-party service for sending e-mails, regarding:
new app features or app changes
new tools and news for your title and specialty
polls about the app or medical topics for your title and specialty (rarely)
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register.
How long do we store your information?
We store your information for up to 3 years after your last use of the app with your user account. After that period, your account and all associated personal information will be deleted automatically. You will receive a notice ahead of time if you wish to prevent the deletion.
You also have the ability to edit, download or delete all your information at any point through your Profile page in the app or the website.
How can I access the information you hold about me?
We enable you access to all information we have stored for your user account at any time. You can do the following with your information:
Edit: edit any information we have stored for your user account at any time
Download: download all the information we have stored for your user account
Delete: delete the user account and all associated information
You can access your information in the following ways:
Android:
On the first screen of the app, click on the three vertical dots on the right side of the Search bar at the top, and open “Settings”
Click on “User account”
iOS:
On the first screen of the app, click on “Settings” in the bottom right.
Click on your name under the header “User account”
How do we protect your information?
Your personal information is contained in a secured database and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. They are contractually required to keep the information confidential and their access to information is logged and can be audited.
Transfer of data between the app and the server and between the server and the database is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology using certificates issued by a root certificate authority.
Our web servers are regularly updated with the latest security patches.
Who might we share your personal information with?
We do not share, sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties without your explicit consent.
With your explicit consent (you selecting “Yes” when asked, the default being “No”), the following information is shared with the following third parties for the stated purpose:
E-mail, title, specialty, subspecialty:
Why do we share this data:
We use a third party service to send our e-mails to you, to ensure they are sent safely and reliably. Since some content is only relevant to a certain title and specialty (new educational digital tools, news, polls), we only send that content to that specific title and specialty, to avoid spamming other users with information that is not useful.
Which third party do we share this information with:
Mailchimp (www.mailchimp.com): the world’s largest and most reputable e-mail marketing provider, certified in following industry best practices in security and privacy. Your e-mail is kept confidential by the third party, and is only used by us for delivering our e-mails. Mailchimp’s privacy policy and terms of service are avalible here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/
When do we share this data:
you will be asked explicitly if you want to receive update and marketing e-mails regarding our business. If you select “Yes”, we use the above third party service to deliver those e-mails. The content of those e-mails is described in the section “Why and how do we use your information?”.
No other personal information is shared with other third parties.
A third party or sponsor of Rheumahelper has no access to the personal data of individual users. All data processing is handled solely by the app manufacturer, and no information, whether identifiable or anonymized, is shared with the third party or sponsor. Data is processed in compliance with legal and regulatory standards, ensuring full user privacy protection.
Non-personal, anonymous user information may be provided to other parties for analytical purposes. This information is completely anonymized, and cannot be connected to personal data, not even if a breach occurs, as we simply never store information in a way that would allow such connecting, not even to ourselves.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track or set third party cookies when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Third party links
Occasionally, we may link to third party products or services in our app or on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Website:
https://mediately.co
E-mail: info@mediately.co
Address:
Modra Jagoda d.o.o.,
Šmartinska cesta 53,
1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia
Last change: 2024-10-08