NOTE! This site uses cookies and similar technologies.
If you not change browser settings, you agree to it.
I understand
Home
GEKKO TECH
GAMES/APP NEWS
GEKKO Privacy Policy
Welcome,
Guest
Username:
Password:
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
GEKKO TECH
GAMES/APP NEWS
GEKKO Privacy Policy
Gekko
Offline
Administrator
Posts: 774
Thank you received: 108
Karma: 39
DISCLAIMER
Our games and apps based on social casino are intended for fun only.
Those kinds of games are only simulations and do not use real money.
- Our games are intended for use by 18 or older and is for amusement purposes only.
- Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling and gaming.
- Gambling may be illegal or subject to restrictions in specific territories.
- We highly recommend users to consult applicable laws of the territories in which they reside before engaging in any form of gambling.
GEKKO - Privacy Policy
Thank you for using our services. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected on this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the forum. By using the forum, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for our applications and website only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
WebSite
We collect personally identifiable information, like nicknames, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner.
Apps / Games
We do not collect any informations.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail:
info@gekkotech.net
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Last Edit: 1 year 8 months ago by
Gekko
.
The topic has been locked.
Board Categories
GEKKO TECH
-  GAMES/APP NEWS
- -  HACK ONLINE - BUGS REPORT
- -  HACK ONLINE - HELP
- -  HACK ONLINE - SUGGESTIONS
-  SERVERS
-  HELP
-  REPORT ABUSE
-  SUGGESTIONS
-  OFF TOPIC
Moderators:
Gekko
GEKKO TECH
GAMES/APP NEWS
GEKKO Privacy Policy
Powered by
Kunena Forum