We have updated our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was updated on June 13, 2022.
ADDitude understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of ADDitude and its services. It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This Privacy Policy applies to the website of ADDitude, a WebMD company intended for non-commercial personal, family, or household purposes, including ADDitudemag.com and the mobile optimized versions of this site and its mobile magazine app (we refer to these sites and Apps collectively as the “ADDitude Sites”). We refer to the ADDitude sites and Apps, along with the information and services made available to you through the ADDitude Sites and Apps, as the “Services.”
Except where noted, statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the ADDitude Sites also apply to the Apps. If you do not want us to collect, use or disclose information about you and your use of the Services as described in this Privacy Policy, then you should not use the Services. By using the Services, you must agree to the ADDitude Terms of Use, which is the contract between us and users of the Services.  By accepting the ADDitude Terms of Use, you confirm that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and the
ADDitude
Cookie Policy and you acknowledge that we will store, use and otherwise process your information in the United States where we are located.
References to “ADDitude,” “we” or “us” mean ADDitude, a WebMD company, including any company that WebMD LLC controls (for example, a subsidiary that WebMD LLC owns). ADDitude may share information among WebMD subsidiaries or websites that it owns or controls, but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy. Except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, WebMD LLC is the data controller responsible for the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. WebMD LLC has appointed Aptus Health International France SAS, 5 place de la Pyramide, Tour Ariane, 92800 Puteaux, FRANCE, (“Aptus Health France”) as its representative in the European Union.
Information Collected About You
Some of our Services (such as certain quizzes or calculators) do not retain your personal information, while others (such as ADDitude newsletters, webinars, free downloads, or magazine subscriptions) store your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Even if you do not register with or provide any personal information to ADDitude, we collect information about your use of the ADDitude Sites and Apps and the Services. We may also acquire information about our users from external sources.
When you use the Services, we collect information as follows:
Registration
While you may use most of the Services without registering, certain Services do require that you register with ADDitude for them to function properly. If you choose to register or update an existing account with ADDitude or access certain Services, you may be required to provide certain personal information, such as your name, address, telephone number, gender, email address and date of birth, and a username and password to access your ADDitude account. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the personal information that you submit to ADDitude.
Interactive Services
Some of our Services, such as the ADDitude Symptom Checker, are interactive and may request that you submit health-related information, along with other information such as your age and gender. You are not required to register with ADDitude to use the ADDitude Symptom Checker and if you are registered with ADDitude, we do not associate information that you submit to the Symptom Checker with registration information that you have previously provided.
Email Newsletters
At registration and at various times as you use the ADDitude Sites, you will be given the option of providing us with personal information in order to receive informational/promotional newsletters – such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition – via email from ADDitude and/or directly from third parties. From time to time ADDitude may offer users of third party websites the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletters through those websites. If you elect to subscribe to one of our newsletters on a third party website, the operator of that website will provide us with the personal information you have provided in connection with the subscription request, which we may use in accordance with this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to ADDitude.
Email a Friend
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on a ADDitude Site or a newsletter, we will ask you for your name, your email address and your friend’s email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the “from” email address. ADDitude does not use your friend’s email information for any other purpose. We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend.
If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from ADDitude Sites.
Market Research
From time to time, WebMD may conduct online surveys on behalf of itself and third parties through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online focus groups. When participating in a survey, we may require you to provide your location, age and if there’s a sweepstakes associated with the market research survey, your name and contact information for purposes of sweepstakes administration. The information you submit in a survey may be used by ADDitude for research and measurement purposes, as described below, including to measure the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. The personal information you provide in connection with a sweepstakes entry will be used for the sole purpose of administering the sweepstakes and as required by applicable law. We will not knowingly invite individuals who are under the age of 13 to participate in market research surveys. Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of ADDitude will contain a link to this Privacy Policy.
User Reviews and Other Public Forums
In connection with the use of the ADDitude Directory, users are able to submit provider reviews. Our reviews feature in the ADDitude Directory and are open to the public and should not be considered private.
Any information (including personal information) you share in any review, or other forum is by design open to the public and is not private. You should think carefully before posting any personal information in any public forum. What you post can be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines.
Emails You Send to ADDitude
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information, content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to ADDitude by email.  If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to ADDitude.
Services and Device Information
When you access and use the Services, ADDitude automatically collects and stores in its server logs information from your browser or mobile device such as your IP address or unique device identifier, browser information (including referring URL), your preferences and settings, cookies and information about the content you have viewed and actions taken (e.g., search queries, ad engagement, clicks and the associated dates and times). ADDitude may also collect device-specific information when you install and use an App including your device model, operating system information, advertising ID (which is a unique, user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a mobile device) and App version and usage information. When enabled by you, we collect precise location information provided by your mobile device, which you may disable through the device settings.
Precise Geolocation Data
When enabled by you, we collect precise location information provided by your mobile device, such as latitude and longitude. We do so to provide you more relevant content including advertising based on your location. You may disable the collection and use of your location data through your device settings. To change location settings on your device, please refer to your device’s official knowledge base.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We and our partners use cookies to collect information about your use of the Services. “Cookies” are small data files assigned to your browser when you visit an ADDitude Site which enable recognition of your browser and collect and store information about your use of the Services, as described above. In addition to cookies, we and our partners use other tracking technologies that collect information about your use of the Services, including mobile identifiers and “web beacons” which are small graphic files (sometimes called “clear GIFs” or “web pixels”) embedded in a web page or email typically used to monitor activity and send relevant information back to a home server (which can belong to the host site, a network advertiser or some other third party). The information collected by such tracking technologies may be combined with other information that our partners have access to, including your name, email address and physical address, so that we can send you materials, either electronically or by direct mail, that may be of interest to you.
Our advertising service partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the ADDitude Sites, including content you have viewed. These third parties may use this information to help ADDitude deliver advertising on the ADDitude Sites and on other third party websites based on your browsing activity on the ADDitude Sites. ADDitude may further tailor the advertising on the ADDitude Sites and these other third party websites based on additional information to the extent known by ADDitude or these third parties. Two of the third parties that ADDitude works with are Google and Facebook. In addition to using the information it collects performing services for ADDitude, Google may also use such information as described in its privacy policy. To see how Google may use information collected through our use of the Google services on the WebMD Sites visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
While Facebook does not provide any personal information to ADDitude, Facebook may use information that it has about you and that it collects performing services for ADDitude (which may be associated with personal information that Facebook has about you) as described in its privacy policy available at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy.
To provide you with certain personalization and advertising services described herein, when you use our ADDitude Sites, we may share information that we may collect from you, such as your email address (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our service provider, LiveRamp Inc. and its affiliates, which may in turn link demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of this use, visit
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
We also work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our ADDitude Sites and on third party websites. Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect information about your activities on the ADDitude Sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising on our ADDitude Sites and on third party websites based upon your browsing activity and your interests.
For more information about our how cookies and other tracking technologies are used in connection with the Services, please read our
Cookie Policy
.
When you download and install the ADDitude app onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation. This number cannot be used to identify you personally, and we cannot identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App. We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy and in our
Cookie Policy
. Unlike cookies, the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser, because the App does not work through your browser. Therefore the random number cannot be removed through settings. If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use cookies, please do not use the App. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies on our mobile optimized sites and our flagship ADDitude App are similar to our use on our desktop sites. For your choices to reject cookies, the Network Advertising Initiative and the opt-out mechanism described below in the section “Your Choices and Rights” are available on ADDitudemag.com, the ADDitude App, and on our mobile optimized sites.
Cross-Device Tracking
We and our service providers collect and store information about users’ interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies. This allows us to infer the presence of a common user or household behind multiple devices. We do so in order to:
provide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing patterns on all of the devices;
detect and prevent fraud;
allow users to use our service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off on another device;
limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across known or inferred devices
For information on your advertising choices and opt-out, please see the “Your Choices and Rights” section of this Privacy Notice.
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information about your use of the Services may be used for the following purposes:
to provide, improve and create new Services,
to respond to your inquiries and to send you administrative communications about the ADDitude Sites and Services,
to obtain your feedback about the ADDitude Sites and Services,
to send you secure electronic messages and personalized emails pertaining to your interests as inferred from your use of the Services, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities from ADDitude,
to statistically analyze trends and user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the ADDitude Sites are visited, how the Services are being used and how many emails are received and opened,
to provide you and people with similar demographic characteristics and interests with more relevant content including advertising both on and off the ADDitude Sites and Apps,
to offer lead generation services,
to detect and defend against fraud and other threats to the Services and our users,
to identify issues with the Services,
to conduct research and measurement activities, including those described below, and
to administer your account.
In addition, ADDitude may use personal information about you for other purposes that are disclosed to you at the time we collect the information and/or with your consent.
ADDitude may combine your personal information and other information collected about your use of the Services, and also supplement with information from external sources for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, information that ADDitude collects about you may be combined by ADDitude/WebMD with other information available to WebMD through third parties for research and measurement purposes, including measuring the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. This information from other sources may include age, gender, demographic, geographic, personal interests, product purchase activity or other information. We may report aggregate information, which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the ADDitude Sites, to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners.
Sharing Your Information
WebMD Subsidiaries and Corporate Affiliates
We may share your information with ADDitude or WebMD subsidiaries, affiliates and companies acquired by or merged with us and our affiliates for their use for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. We partner with our affiliate, PulsePoint, Inc., for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, including for measurement, analytics, identification, personalization and in connection with advertising and sponsored programs. Subject to applicable law, we may share your information with PulsePoint, which may also use cookies and other tracking technologies described herein, for behavioral or targeted advertising, and to provide to us analytics, insights, actions and other information related to your use of the Services or those of third parties and to its clients to provide similar services to you. Please review PulsePoint’s
privacy policy
for more information on its privacy practices. In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, ADDitude reserves the right to transfer your personal information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. In the event of such a change, your personal information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses “Changes to This Privacy Policy.”
Companies and Contractors that Work with
ADDitude/
WebMD
ADDitude works with third party companies and contractors that help us provide the Services and to otherwise assist in the operation of the ADDitude and WebMD Sites and Apps, including those that provide services relating to technology, data analysis, research, email management and deployment, sweepstakes and contest administration, advertising and marketing and/or content. If you are in the United States, we may also partner with certain service providers to better understand your experience on the WebMD Sites, including technology that enables us to review and optimize the Services based on your interactions with certain pages (e.g., how much time you spend on which pages, which links you choose to click, what you do and don’t like, etc.) in an aggregated format. ADDitude or WebMD contractors sometimes have limited access to your information in the course of providing products or services to ADDitude or WebMD. We contractually require that our contractors not use or disclose your information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for ADDitude or WebMD.
Third Party Advertisers and Third Party Websites
We may share information that we have about you, such as a cookie ID or IP address, with third party advertising service providers who may use this information, on our behalf, to help ADDitude deliver advertising on the ADDiutde/ WebMD Sites as well as on third party websites, as further described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Certain content, services and advertisements offered to you through the ADDitude Sites are served on, or contain links to, websites hosted and operated by a company other than ADDitude (“Third Party Websites”). ADDitude does not share your personal information with these Third Party Websites without your consent, but you should be aware that any information you disclose to these Third Party Websites once you access these Third Party Websites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. ADDitude does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Websites. You should review the privacy policy posted on the Third Party Website to understand how that Third Party Website collects and uses your information. WebMD makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave a WebMD Site and enter a Third Party Website, either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the ADDitude Site before you visit the third party site. In addition, if you see a phrase such as “Powered by” or “in association with” followed by the name of a company other than ADDitude/WebMD, then you are on a website hosted by a company other than ADDitude/WebMD.  When you use a co-branded service (a service operated with a partner of ADDitude or WebMD, such as WebMD Lab Testing), or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site, where applicable, we may pass the collected information back to that partner, which may include third party service providers whose services are embedded into and/or appear within the Services.
We may also include social widgets on the ADDitude Sites which enable you to interact with the associated social media services, e.g., to share an article. These widgets may collect browsing data which may be received by the third party that provided the widget, and are controlled by these third parties. You may be able to manage your privacy preferences directly with the applicable social network platform.
Compliance with Law, Regulation, and Law Enforcement Requests
To cooperate with government authorities and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with law, we may release personal information to third parties: (1) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (2) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; or (3) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In addition, we may disclose personal information as described below.
How Your Information is Secured and Retained
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your personal information. Despite ADDitude’s efforts to protect your personal information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted.
The security of your personal information is important to us.  When you enter personal information (including personal health information in various Services), we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
We will retain your personal information as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. At any time you can remove your personal information or instruct us to remove it, but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to ADDitude from our servers. See “Your Choices and Rights” below for more information on how you can update or remove your personal information. We will also retain your personal information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Your Choices and Rights
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your personal information used by ADDitude as provided in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the ADDitude Sites, Apps and Services.  You can correct, update or review personal information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific Service, logging-in and making the desired change. You can also request access, correction, or deletion of any personal information by contacting us using the contact information listed below or through the Contact Us link provided at the bottom of every page of the ADDitude Sites.
If you have registered and desire to delete any of your registration information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below in the “Contacting ADDitude About Your Personal Information or Privacy” section or through the Contact Us link provided at the bottom of every page of the ADDitude Sites. Upon your request, we will delete your registration information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the ADDitude Sites from our servers.
You can unsubscribe from an email newsletter by:
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter and using the “Unsubscribe” link found in the emails.
Visit the ADDitude Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive in the ADDitude newsletter section.
All promotional emails that ADDitude sends with opportunities from ADDitude or with offers or informational materials from ADDitude on behalf of our sponsors will contain an opportunity to unsubscribe from getting additional emails of that type in the future from ADDitude unless you re-subscribe.
Cookies
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the “Help” or “Settings” or “Preferences” section of your browser’s toolbar.  Refer to our
Cookie Policy
for additional information about opting out of Cookies.
Interest-Based Advertising Opt-Out
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented a DAA (Digital Advertising Alliance) approved opt-out mechanism for interest-based advertising. At the bottom of every page of the WebMD Sites you will see an AdChoices logo.  In our flagship WebMD App you can find the AdChoices option in the “Settings” screen. By clicking on that logo on the WebMD Sites or following the instructions in the flagship WebMD App, you will be presented with a window that will identify all of the companies that WebMD uses to direct tailored advertisements to you, both on the WebMD Sites and in the flagship WebMD App as well as on third-party websites. If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from WebMD, you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window. Please note that even if you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will continue to receive generic advertisements through the Services. Please note that your choice to stop tailored advertising is specific to the browser or mobile device that you are using so if you make a choice to opt out from one computer or mobile device and you want your opt-out to apply to a different computer or mobile device as well please opt out from that computer or mobile device too. By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements. The WebMD Sites do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. This opt-out mechanism is available in the flagship WebMD App for iOS and Android, as well as on our mobile optimized sites, but is not currently available on our other Apps (WebMD Pregnancy, WebMD Baby and WebMD Allergy).
Mobile Opt-out
You may also control interest-based advertising on your mobile device by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS device’s settings or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android device’s settings. This will not prevent you from seeing advertisements, but will limit the use of device advertising identifiers to personalize ads based on your interests.  If you have questions about how to reject cookies on your specific device please check with the device manufacturer.
California Residents
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.
For more information relevant to our users who are California residents, please click here
.
Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The ADDitude Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. The WebMD Sites do not collect personal information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13 WebMD Health Manager for the minor.
Note to Users Outside of the United States
ADDitude and our technical infrastructure are located in the United States.  The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that in order to provide the Services to you, we must transfer your personal information to the United States where it will be stored and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may transfer your information outside the United States to service providers with operations in other countries. By using the Services, you consent to such collection, storage and processing in the United States and elsewhere, though the United States and other jurisdictions may not afford the same level of data protection as considered adequate in your own country. We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information. Note that your personal information may be available to the United States government or its agencies under legal process made in the United States.
Additional Information for ADDitude’s Visitors from the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
When you use the Services, we collect, store, use and otherwise process your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We rely on a number of legal bases to process your information, including where: (i) necessary for our legitimate interests in providing and improving the Services including offering you content and advertising that may be of interest to you; (ii) necessary for our legitimate interest in keeping the Services, Sites and Apps safe and secure; (iii) necessary for the legitimate interests of our service providers and partners; (iv) necessary to perform our contractual obligations in the ADDitude Terms of Use; (v) you have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time (however a revocation does not affect the lawfulness of processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the date of revocation); (vi) you have expressly made the information public, e.g., in public forums; (vii) necessary to comply with a legal obligation such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order or to exercise or defend legal claims; and (viii) necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others.
If you are a ADDitude user in the EEA, you can: (i) access personal information we have about you (we will try to provide information within 30 days of your request); (ii) have your personal information corrected or deleted (in most cases you can correct personal information you have submitted to us by going back to the specific Service, logging-in and making the desired change); (iii) in certain circumstances, you can object to our processing of your personal information and we will discontinue such processing unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue; (iv) withdraw consent previously provided (however a withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the date of withdrawal); or (v) if you believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. If you wish to inquire as to whether we maintain any of your personal information and if so, whether you wish to exercise any of those rights that are available to you with respect to such personal information, you may contact us as described in the Contacting ADDitude About Your Personal Information or Privacy section below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you can opt-out through the unsubscribe link in the email communications we send to you, by changing your subscription preferences in your account settings or as otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This is also the case for third parties within whom we share your information to perform services on our behalf.  When we no longer need to use your personal information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or anonymize it.  If you have registered with ADDitude and you no longer want us to use your registration information to provide the Services to you, you may close your account.
Contacting ADDitude About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of the ADDitude Sites if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the personal information we maintain about you. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
You can also contact ADDitude’s Privacy Office at:
ADDitude/WebMD LLC
Attn: Office of Privacy
1201 Peachtree Street, NE
400 Colony Square, Suite 2100
Atlanta, GA 30361
Phone: 866-788-3097
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
ADDitude users from the EEA may also contact our Data Protection Officer at webmddpo@webmd.net.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy and any of our Services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by means of a notice on the ADDitude Sites and/or by email to our registered users (sent to the email address specified when you register) prior to the change becoming effective. By continuing to use the Services after changes are made to this Privacy Policy, you agree to such changes.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the ADDitude Sites. Please exit the ADDitude Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Accreditations and Privacy Seals
WebMD.com, MedicineNet.com, eMedicineHealth.com, and RxList.com comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information, which can be
verified here
.
Last updated on April 28, 2022
© 2022 ADDitude/ WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://pulsepoint.com/legal/platform-privacy-policy:
Platforms
activation
analytics
INSIGHTS
RESOURCES
BLOGS
Product Guides
Success Stories
About
COmpany
NEWSROOM
Careers
Culture
Job Board
CONTACT
Login
By clicking "Accept", you agree to the storage of cookies on your device to improve website navigation, analyze website usage and assist with our marketing efforts. See our
Privacy Policy.
Preferences
Decline
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website.
Reject all cookies
Allow all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences by Category
Essential
Always Active
These items are required to enable basic website functionality.
Marketing
Essential
These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission.
Personalization
Essential
These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location.
Analytics
Essential
These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor.
Confirm my preferences and close
Platform Privacy Policy
Updated: January 16, 2025
This policy applies to PulsePoint’s platforms and services, including PulsePoint’s ad exchange, demand-side platform, and data analytics product(s) (collectively, the “Platforms”), and it explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information on our platforms as well as your rights with regard to that information.
‍
WHO WE ARE
PulsePoint, Inc. (“PulsePoint”) operates several technology platforms that facilitate ad placement for advertisers on mobile applications, websites and other digital channels. If you have any questions regarding the use or privacy of your data, please email
dataprivacy@pulsepoint.com
.
Our headquarters is located at:
283-299 Market Street
2 Gateway Center, 4
th
Floor
Newark, NJ 07102
‍
If you wish to go directly to our opt-out,
click here
.
PulsePoint is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in advertising. PulsePoint also adheres to the specifications of the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework for purposes of compliance with EU data protection laws. Our Vendor Number with IAB Europe is 81.
‍
WHAT WE DO
PulsePoint’s Platforms help advertisers and publishers provide advertising over the internet and other channels, such as digital billboards or smart TVs. Advertising on these channels helps to keep content available to you to enjoy and, in many cases, helps to keep your access to that content free. Additionally, the Platforms allow for advertisers to show advertising to you that is relevant to your interests, with the hope that you only see ads that may provide beneficial products and services for you.
With respect to our ad exchange, PulsePoint works with publishers and other content providers to help them sell their advertising space, which in turn helps them to fund their content or apps. With respect to our demand-side platform, also known in the industry as a “DSP,” we work with advertisers who will purchase that advertising space in order to advertise their goods and services to consumers who may be likely to be the right audience for those ads. We may also measure and report on how often an ad was seen, and how effective that ad was by metrics given to us by the advertiser. To do this, we receive and share “pseudonymous” personal data – data such as IP addresses, cookies, and other unique identifiers – that we receive or may assign to you to remember who “you” are, but that do not directly identify you or your direct contact information.
Our Platforms may also use data that we collect or purchase to help us determine certain information like, for example, if there are groups of devices that might be related to each other, such devices that all likely belong to the same person. This helps our advertisers to better manage advertising campaigns, and also limits how often the same person may see the same advertisement.
‍
‍
‍
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
How we collect information:
When a person browses the internet, their browser or device may request advertisements from PulsePoint’s Platform. Through the serving of those advertisements or through other Platform analytics, we may collect or otherwise receive information that is linked to your computer or device that may reflect how you interact with a webpage, the advertisements you view or click, or other information from your mobile device. As a result, our Platform may collect data from partners sending us requests for ads on websites, apps, smartTVs, digital billboards, or other advertising channels; through cookies and pixels; through clients or partners providing data to us; through clients and partners using our Platform to collect data; and through the delivery of advertising. We also license data from third-party data providers in order to provide better targeting for our advertising clients.
In addition, PulsePoint is part of the Internet Brands family of companies, and is a subsidiary of WebMD Health Corp. Other companies within the Internet Brands group, including WebMD, may have access to information collected by PulsePoint, and PulsePoint may also have access to information collected by the Internet Brands group of companies.
Types of information we may collect:
Most of the information PulsePoint collects is either non-personally identifiable data, which is data that does not identify you in any way but may be associated with your browsing behavior, or pseudonymous personal data. Under many US State Privacy Laws, this data may be considered “personal information.” For example, when you visit a website or click an ad, we may collect information such as:
Websites you have visited and related information, such as pages visited or the time of day you visited the website;
Ads served, viewed, or clicked on, such as the time of day of your visit, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or purchased the product or service advertised;
Apps visited, the start and stop time of a use session, your time zone and your network connection type;
Mobile device information, such as the type and model, software version, manufacturer, operating system (e.g., iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (e.g., Chrome or Safari), applications used and the version of such applications, and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID), or unique device identifier (a number uniquely given to your device by your device manufacturer), sometimes referred to as a mobile carrier ID;
Your Internet protocol (IP) address;
Location information, such as your zip code or approximate geographic area provided by your ISP or by location services and GPS features of a website or mobile device. GPS location may be shared with us if you have opted to provide that information a publisher or other content provider who is responsible for obtaining your prior permission to share that data with us. We may also infer geolocation of your device based on data collected through, for example, a WiFi identifier;
Demographic information such as age range, gender, and income range;
Information About Healthcare Providers, such as their publicly available information as registered on the National Provider Identifier Registry
‍
Health Information
PulsePoint specializes in health advertising and may collect and use general health-related information when delivering ads, based on interest in topics found on sites or ads that such a user has interacted with in the past. For example, if you have previously interacted with content that has to do with skin care, PulsePoint may collect that information about your interaction with that content and you may subsequently be shown an ad on another page for skin care-related products and services. We do not, however, collect sensitive health information like a user’s specific health condition or diagnosis.
We also may contract with third parties to license data that are de-identified data related to past, present or future medical conditions and treatment of those conditions, including filled prescription data. This data has been de-identified in compliance with HIPAA de-identification standards and we use the data in compliance with HIPAA. PulsePoint will never attempt to re-identify this data back to a specific individual and we follow federal, state and local laws to ensure this data remains de-identified.  Any de-identified data relating to medical conditions and the treatment of those conditions are only used for informational purposes that direct us as to how and where to bid on ad inventory, and not for direct, 1-1 advertising. We may also collect or license data about prescriptions that healthcare providers may write, but we do not collect or receive (or attempt to collect or receive) data about the patients for whom those prescriptions are written.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We use the data we collect for the following purposes:
Targeted and Contextual Advertising
. We use the information we acquire to provide optimized, tailored advertising. We may target advertising to the content of a page (known as “contextual” advertising), to an audience of people who enter a general location, to a group of people who may be most likely to be engaged by the particular ad as part of an interest-based segment of population, or to people who have engaged with a particular brand or content before (by something known as “retargeting”).
Advertising insights and performance
. Some data we collect may be used to provide insights about an ad campaign. For example, we may use information gathered from ads we have placed to provide our clients with ad-related services, such as statistical reporting about website activity and the number of ads served, and to provide more ads to end-users based on the specific website URL, or webpage, visited. We may also disclose how frequently the average end user requests pages about a certain category (such as health or finance), or which ads a segment of end-user interacts with on domains across our Platform.
Performance of Service
. In order to provide the services requested by our clients and publisher partners, we deliver ads on publishers’ pages and apps, create audiences for targeting, provide analyses of ad campaigns, limit the number of times a person sees the same ad, associate devices that may relate to each other, determine whether certain purchases are attributed to viewing a particular ad, and other ad reporting services.
Inferred Characteristics
. When we collect data about consumers who interact with content, including interacting with ads, we may infer characteristics about those consumers. For instance, if a person consumes content about womens’ health, we may infer that the person is a woman who may also be interested in fitness and exercise.
Fraud Detection and Security
.
We may use the data to protect our Platform and our clients against fraud, as well as to protect the safety of the data we hold on our systems. We may be able to detect malicious or fraudulent activity through our services by using and reviewing the data.
Product Functionality and Improvement
. We use the data to operate our services, for aggregate statistics, to improve our services and functionalities, and for other internal business purposes.
Communication and Legal Disclosures
. We may use your information to respond to you if you reach out to us directly with questions or concerns; we may also disclose data to legal authorities or regulators if required by applicable law.
‍
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
PulsePoint discloses information that it collects to the following categories of third parties:
Affiliates
, which includes our parent companies, such as WebMD and Internet Brands, and sister companies, affiliates within the Internet Brands family.
Demand and Supply Partners,
who may receive information as part of our services on the ad exchange.
Data Vendors,
which may be consent management platforms, identity resolution providers, and other companies that help to provide us with data-related services in order to allow us to run our services in a privacy-focused manner.
Service Providers and Subcontractors,
who only provide services on our behalf, at our direction, and for no other purpose. We may share data with these service providers in order to ensure our platforms and technology work properly.
Mergers and Acquisitions
, where we may share data in connection with a corporate merger or acquisition by another company.
Law Enforcement or Regulatory Authorities
, where we may be compelled by law or other legal authority, to comply with a court order, or to otherwise cooperate in legal proceedings, including if we determine it necessary in connection with an investigation.
Clients
, for Healthcare Providers only – we share certain publicly available data such as NPI numbers, in connection with browsing behavior associated with those NPI numbers, with our clients who purchase those specific services and have signed contracts with us that include terms on protection of privacy.
‍
We may share certain information with Google. Where we share information with Google, Google uses the information to deliver its services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you may see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. You can review Google’s Privacy & Terms page
here
.
Please do note that sometimes, the ads we deliver as part of our services may include third party tracking technologies that we do not control, such as tags, pixels, cookies, etc. which may enable parties other than PulsePoint and its partners to collect data. These third parties most often are contracted by the advertiser or demand partner to measure performance of the advertisement, check for ad fraud, or some other purpose. We do not have control over those parties and their tracking technologies, and this policy does not cover those technologies, the collection of data through them, or the use of that data by those third parties.
USE OF COOKIES
We collect information about users through technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, web beacons, or other similar technologies. “Cookies” are small data files that are stored by your web browser on your computer. When you visit a webpage, the cookie sends back data about that visit. “Pixel tags” are small graphic images (usually invisible) that can be embedded in content and ads on a webpage that track usage of websites and effectiveness of communication. These pixel tags can then be used to recognize our cookies and to monitor certain user interactions with a website.
‍Cookies and these other technologies are important and useful because they allow us to recognize your device and remember information about you, such as your preferred language and other general settings. Most of the cookies are stored in your browser, which usually gives you the ability to manage them (though browsers for mobile devices may not offer this possibility).
‍You have several choices when it comes to opting out of the collection of information about your web browsing activities through cookies. You can also find information about opting out on the DAA website. For additional information, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
OPT OUTS AND YOUR CHOICES OVER INFORMATION WE SHARE
You have various options to opt out of our Platform for targeted advertising. Opting out does not prevent you from seeing ads; it simply means that we will no longer collect data for the purpose of interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising, and you will no longer receive ads based on your historical viewing interests, personal characteristics, consumer segments, or other information. You may still receive contextual ads, as described above.
Note that different devices require separate opt-outs because each device type uses different technologies, and many of the opt-out technologies available are browser- or cookie-based so they will only apply to those specific browsers or cookies.
Your options include:
DAA Opt Out.
Because PulsePoint adheres to the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles, you can opt out of targeted advertising by participating companies (including PulsePoint) by clicking
here
.
NAI Opt Out.
You may also opt out of targeted advertising from PulsePoint and/or other advertising networks that are also members of the NAI. You may access the NAI’s opt-out tool
here
.
TV Opt Out.
Many connected TVs and related devices offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices which PulsePoint will honor. In order to exercise your choices with respect to CTV or OTT devices, please visit:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
.
Web Form Opt Out.
To opt out from our database, you can submit a request through our webform,
available here
.
‍
The DAA and NAI opt-out tools are cookie-based. It signals your preferences to us so that we do not collect data online or deliver ads for the purpose of interest-based/targeted advertising. These tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt out cookie or all cookies from a browser’s cookie files, change web browsers or change computers, you will no longer be opted out of our data collection and ad targeting, and we may place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is against reset on that browser. Opting out using one browser on one computer will not opt you out of using any other browser on the same or another computer.
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device may offer settings to limit or disable mobile apps from gathering certain information. You should check the settings for the app and your device. PulsePoint honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out, please visit the privacy settings of your device and select “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).
You may also set a preference on your browser through a browser-based opt out signal called “Global Privacy Control.” This signal is only available on certain browsers and is browser-specific, so it will only apply to the browser on which you opt to use it. However, PulsePoint honors this signal when it is passed through to us. You can learn more about GPC
here
.
LiveRamp
We may share information that we collect from you, such as your IP address or other information about your browser or operating system with certain service providers, including LiveRamp, Inc. LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. You may opt out of this use
here
.
Healthcare Providers
If you are a healthcare provider (“HCP”) with a registered NPI number, you may request that your NPI number and other personal information be removed from PulsePoint’s NPI database at any time by submitting a request
here
.
EEA RESIDENTS
We do not intentionally process data of consumers in the EEA. However, if we receive data from a device located in the EEA, you will be afforded the rights provided under the GDPR. EEA residents are also able to access our Data Protection Officer, who is reachable at
dpo.webmd.ams@dentons.com
. For more information on our practices with respect to data of EEA residents, please visit our
EEA supplement
.
We participate in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. To learn more, click
here
.
If you are located in the EEA and visit a site or other content provider that happens to work with PulsePoint and uses the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework, that publisher should provide you with an option to choose which third parties you wish to allow access to your device and information.
COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION BY OTHERS
This Privacy Policy applies only to information gathered by us in connection with our Platform. There are other companies involved in collecting information and serving ads. The use of third-party pixels, cookies, and other technologies on websites that end-users visit, in apps that end-users use, and in ads served to end-users should be described by the privacy policies associated with those websites, apps, and ads. We have no responsibility for the collection, use, or disclosure of information by those third parties via such websites, apps, or ads.
SECURITY
We use reasonable security measures to protect the data in our possession. However, no method of transmission or storage of data is 100% secure. To the extent we provide your data to any third parties, we request that they use reasonable and industry standard security measures to protect your information.
DATA RETENTION
Information we acquire through our Platform is generally deleted within 45-60 days but may be retained in PulsePoint’s internal network for up to 18 months from the date of collection before deletion.
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
ACCESS, CORRECTION, AND DELETION REQUESTS
If you would like to access, correct, update, or request deletion of the data we have on file for you, you may submit such requests
here
. Alternatively, you may email us at
dataprivacy@pulsepoint.com
or write to PulsePoint Privacy Department, 283-299 Market Street, 2 Gateway Center, 4
th
Floor, Newark, NJ 07102. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity in an effort to prevent identity theft. Also, please note that in general, we only have pseudonymous data on any given individual (other than HCPs) and may not be able to link any data we have to your personally identifiable data and as such, we may not be able to complete certain rights requests.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
In the interest of the privacy of children, we do not knowingly collect information from or target end users under the age of 16. Our Platform is neither developed for nor directed at children. If we learn we have collected or received information from a minor under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will endeavor to delete that information.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Our Platform is based in the United States and operates under United States law. If you are located outside of the United States, the information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and in other countries where the privacy laws may not be the same as the laws where you reside and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Additional considerations apply to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from individuals who live in the EEA.
DO NOT TRACK (“DNT”) AND GLOBAL PRIVACY CONTROL (“GPC”)
Certain web browsers allow you to turn on settings that automatically send a signal to companies you interact with online to indicate you would like to opt out of having your data shared or sold. PulsePoint has implemented and will honor GPC. PulsePoint is also a signatory to the IAB’s MSPA and recognizes the GPP consent string in accordance with IAB guidance.
RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (the “CCPA”), we are required to disclose certain additional information to California residents. If you are a California resident, the information in this Section pertains to you.
In addition to the privacy rights listed below for certain US Residents, California Residents have the right to limit the use of sensitive personal information that we may collect about such residents. We generally do not attempt to collect any “Sensitive Personal Information” as defined under the CCPA, but we may be sent such information from publishers or other partners without prior notice. If we use or disclose this sensitive personal data for any reason other than as permitted under the CCPA, you have the right to request that we limit that use to only specific uses as prescribed under the CCPA.
California Disclosure
In the past 12 months:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
For Healthcare Providers Only:
Identifiers
such as name, postal address, telephone number, email, account name;
Professional or employment-related information
such as current place of employment; and all items collected below for consumers.
For Consumers:
Identifiers
such as Cookies, IP address, Mobile Ad IDs, Timestamps, User Agent Strings, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, IP address;
Location Data
such as general location data that is “imprecise” under applicable law or the NAI Code of Conduct, whichever radius is larger, as well as other location data that may be determined based on WiFi networks that may be inferred to provide “precise” location data;
Internet and Electronic Network Information
, such as information on a user’s interaction with a website, application or advertisement; and
Inferences
drawn from other personal information.
Please also see “Information We Collect” in the privacy policy above for more details.
Categories of Sources from which Information is Collected
Websites, mobile applications, technology platforms, other adtech providers, data providers, data brokers.
Purposes for Collecting and Disclosing Personal Information
We use collected information to provide online advertising services, as further described above in “How We Use Collected Information” and “How We Share Information”
Categories of Personal Information that we sell or share
Pursuant to the definition of “sell” under the CCPA, we “sell” only the personal information described for “Healthcare Providers Only” under the “Categories of Personal Information Collected” provided above in this chart. Pursuant to the definition of “share” under the CCPA, we share the information for both HCPs and Consumers under “Categories of Personal Information Collected” provided above in this chart.
Third parties to whom information is shared or sold
Publishers, demand partners, supply partners, measurement providers, identity resolution partners, advertiser clients (for HCP data only)
CALIFORNIA DELETE ACT
PulsePoint is a registered Data Broker for purposes of, and as defined by, the California Delete Act. Below are the statistics for the Calendar Year 2023:
Consumer Requests:
Received
Completed
Denied
Exempt under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.145 / § 1798.146
Mean Number of Days to Respond
Median Number of Days to Respond
Delete
14
14
0
0
1.43
1
Know or Access
2
1
1
N/A
10
10
Opt-Out of Sale or Share
29
29
0
N/A
1.76
1
Correction
0
0
0
N/A
0
0
Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information
1
1
0
N/A
0
0
Total Consumer Requests
46
45
1
0
2.02
1
PRIVACY RIGHTS IN THE UNITED STATES
Residents of certain states in the U.S., including those in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Nevada, are afforded specific rights with respect to the privacy and control over their personal information. Those rights are:
Right to Know and Data Portability Rights.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. You have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information, the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed, our business or commercial purpose for collecting and selling your personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we shared your personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Right to Correct
. You have the right to request in certain circumstances, that we correct any inaccurate personal information that we have collected directly from you.  To protect your personal information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Right to Delete
. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing
. We may sell or share your personal information in connection with providing our Services, which include targeting advertising or cross-context behavioral advertising.  For example, we may share your device information with a demand partner in order to let them decide if they want to show you an ad. You can opt-out of this use of your personal information.
Right to Non-Discrimination
. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising the rights above.
‍
If you would like to submit a rights request for one of the rights afforded to you above, please submit a request through the webform
available here
or email us at dataprivacy@pulsepoint.com.
‍
Response Fees
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change or modify this privacy notice and any of our Services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy notice for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Updated: December 2022
PulsePoint, Inc. and our affiliates and wholly-owned subsidiaries, including but not limited to, AllVoices Inc. and PulsePoint Holdings, LLC (collectively “PulsePoint” or “we”), respect and value your privacy. We operate programmatic technology platforms (collectively, the “Platform”), including the PulsePoint ad exchange, which facilitates­ ad placement for advertisers and publishers on mobile applications (“apps”) and websites. This privacy policy (our “Privacy Policy”) explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information on our Platform.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information we may collect and use when you visit our PulsePoint owned and operated website(s) (“Websites”), as we do not use any information collected through our Websites in our Platform. To learn about the information we collect through our Websites, please visit PulsePoint’s Website privacy policy, which is available
here
.
PulsePoint complies with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to a change in legal, technical or business developments. Changes will be posted on our Websites and the effective date of the Privacy Policy will be revised accordingly.
What Types of Information Do We Collect?
‍Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”)
We and our service providers (publishers, advertising partners, or third party data providers from whom we license data from) may automatically collect information that is linked to your computer or device and may reflect how you interact with a webpage or the ads you view or click.  We or our service providers may also collect Non-PII from your mobile device or from apps on your mobile device. The Non-PII that we collect does not directly identify you personally, but it may enable us to recognize your computer or device over time. For example, when you visit a webpage or click on an ad, we or our service providers may collect information, which includes, but is not limited to:
• which websites you have visited and information about your visit, including pages visited, what time of day you visited those websites, and more;
• information about the ads served, viewed, or clicked on, such as the time of day of your visit, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or purchased the product or service advertised;
• information regarding the app visited, session start/stop time, time zone, and network connection type (e.g., WiFi, cellular);
• information about your mobile device, such as the type and model, software version, manufacturer, operating system (e.g., iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (e.g., Chrome, Safari), applications used and the version of such applications, and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID), or unique device identifier (a number uniquely given to your device by your device manufacturer), sometimes referred to as a mobile carrier ID;
• your Internet protocol (IP) address (a unique number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the web);
• CTV/OTT information about video content viewed on a device or app
• your location information, such as your zip code or the approximate geographic area provided by your Internet service provider (ISP) or location positioning information provided by the location services and GPS features of your mobile device or website when location services have been enabled.  We may also infer the geo-location of your device based on data collected through, for example, a WiFi identifier that the device is connected to.
We may also collect Non-PII from third parties that is not linked to your computer or mobile device for use in our Platform.  Any information we receive from third parties is used to maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you.
In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), this information may be considered PII (as defined below) under applicable data protection laws.
Please see our EEA Supplement
for more information on the lawful grounds on which we process your information and data protection rights which you have if you are an EEA visitor.
If you are a California resident, or provide us with the Personal Information of a California resident please see the following additional terms:
You may
Opt Out at DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION
And see other disclosures in this Privacy. See also our
Supplier Data Processing Agreement terms
and our
Demand Data Processing Agreement
‍Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)
PII is information unique to you that may be used to directly identify you individually. We may acquire PII from our publishers or advertising partners or other third parties, but only where we have contractually required that these third parties have obtained your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your PII to us. Depending upon the source, the PII may include information such as email address, gender, or certain specific demographic and other information. More precise location positioning, or location information combined with other data, may make it possible to pinpoint an exact location, which in some instances could be considered PII.
Sensitive Data
Certain PII and Non-PII may also be considered “Sensitive Data.” Some examples of Sensitive Data are your social security number and financial account numbers. Sensitive Data can also include certain types of information about your race or ethnicity, or information related to your health, such as information on certain past, present, or future medical conditions and treatment of those conditions (sometimes also referred to as protected health information or “PHI”), prescriptions you have filled, laboratory results, and information about your health or wellness, including information regarding sexually transmitted diseases (“Sensitive Health Data”). Here are some examples of the categories of Sensitive Health Data we collect:
Addiction
AIDS/HIV
Alzheimer's
Anorexia/Bulimia
Autism
Bipolar Disorder
Brain Tumor
Cancer
Depression
Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency
Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Hepatic Encephalopathy
Infertility
Menopause
Metastic Melanoma
Multiple Myeloma
Parkinson's
Pregnancy Termination
Psychology/Psychiatry
Schizophrenia
Sexually Transmitted Diseases
Substance Abuse
Unless de-identified, PHI collected and stored by us is also protected under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”).
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information we acquire to better target and provide insights about an ad campaign. For example, we may use both PII and Non-PII gathered from ads we have placed to provide our clients with ad-related services, such as statistical reporting about website activity and the number of ads served, and to provide more ads to end-users based on the specific website URL, or webpage, visited. We also use the information we acquire to serve ads to more targeted audiences as explained below. We consider your PII, Sensitive Data (including Sensitive Health Data), and precise location information to be confidential information. Accordingly, we will obtain your consent, or, when we acquire that information from third parties, we will request that they obtain it in compliance with applicable law, and where required by applicable law or our self-regulatory obligations, secure your consent to provide the information to us and for us to use and share your information with others as explained in this Privacy Policy, including for interest based advertising (“IBA”) purposes.
‍Segments
‍We use the information we acquire to deliver ads to the most relevant recipients. For example, we may use PII and Non-PII to develop audience segments, or groupings of individuals with common interests or characteristics, and deliver ads to the individuals within a segment, or to the websites frequented by users of a particular segment, that we determine are relevant to that segment. So, for example, if you are a student, we may deliver ads for school course offerings or financial aid.
Segments may be based on demographic characteristics such as age and gender, geographic area, and other categories derived from various information, including purchasing tendencies. Segments may also be based on certain medical conditions, such as flu or diabetes, or other medical conditions that are considered sensitive, such as cancer. Here are the health segments we use:
Allergies
Alternative Medicine
Arthritis
Asthma
Beauty
Blood Sugar Management
Bone & Muscle
Cholesterol
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Chronic Pain
Circulatory
Cold & Flu
Cosmetic
Dandruff
Deafness
Dental Care
Dermatology
Diabetes
Diet & Nutrition
Digestive Health
Ear, Nose & Throat
Epilepsy
Equipment
Exercise
Eye care
Female Health Lifestages
Feminine Care
First Aid
Food
Food Allergies
Food Issues
Foot Care
GERD/Acid Reflux
Hair Care
Headaches/Migraines
Health & Fitness
Health/LowFat Cooking
Healthy Living
Heart Disease and Wellness
Herbs for Health
Holistic Healing
Home Test Kit
Homeopathic
Incontinence
Infant Care
Massage Therapy
Men’s Health
Nail Care
Nutrition
Oral Care
Orthopedics
OTC
Overactive Bladder
Pain Relievers
Pediatrics
Pharmacy
Physical Therapy
Pregnancy
Health Care Professionals
Respiratory
Self Help
Senior Health
Sexuality
Sinus
Skin Care
Skin Health
Sleep
Sleep Disorders
Smoking Cessation
Stress Relief
Training
Vision Care
Weight Loss
Weight Management
Women's Health
Our Platform serves both contextual and targeted/IBA.
Contextual Ads
‍Placing an ad relevant to the content on the webpage is commonly referred to as contextual advertising. These ads are targeted to content categories only, meaning that a visitor of a webpage sees an ad relevant to the content found on the webpage visited. Displaying an ad for sneakers on a website that promotes running is an example of contextual advertising. Many of our ads focus on contextual advertising.
‍Targeted Ads
‍We may engage in IBA (or online behavioral advertising (“OBA”)). This may utilize the segments referred to above, and PII and Non-PII derived from browsing habits on the Internet, to target specific ads to individuals. For example, if an advertiser wants us to display ads to individuals who have expressed interest in acne, sun-care products, or advances in treating certain medical conditions, we may serve ads for those products or services to those individuals based on segment data and Internet browsing habits. We may also serve ads to you based on inferences we have made regarding health conditions that may be of interest to you. We may make these inferences using models based on a sample set of other users’ health records, which we then compare with information in our databases to create datasets we can use to make certain predictions or inferences regarding characteristics that may apply to you, including the existence of certain medical conditions. The purpose of such advertising is to serve ads better related to products and services that may be relevant to the interests of the individuals seeing them. We may also engage in IBA utilizing PII or Sensitive Health Data.
‍Retargeting
‍We may serve ads to you based on your previous visits to a website or clicks on an ad. For example, an advertiser might ask us to display a particular ad to people who have recently visited the advertiser’s website. In some instances, a cookie is placed on your computer while at the advertiser’s site, and when that cookie is seen by us on the website of another company in our Platform, we will deliver the advertiser’s ad there. We may also use information collected from mobile apps and browsers to serve ads across devices for the purpose of linking devices to relevant individuals.
‍Geo-Fencing
‍We or our service providers may deliver ads to your mobile device when you are in certain geographic locations. This type of targeted advertising is referred to as “geo-fencing” or “geo-targeting.” Geo-fencing works by placing a “fence” around a certain geographic (“geo”) location.  For example, we or one of our service providers could create a 2 square mile “fence” around a grocery store. When you go inside that fence or target area, we or our service providers may serve you specific ads based on you being in that target area. In the case of the grocery store example, you may, for example, be served ads about the grocery store or a product sold in that grocery store.
With geo-fencing we do not continuously, periodically, or intermittently track your precise location.  The geo location of your device will, however, be provided to us or one of our service partners when you enter the target area, and we may also be provided other Non-PII. Geo-fencing monitors an area and sends notifications either to an app you have on your mobile device or directly to us or our service providers when the boundary is crossed, either in or out. Those apps use this location information to process status updates only if you have geo-location enabled on your mobile device. We will not target you with ads based on your geo-location unless we believe you have provided consent to do so.
If you want to limit or prevent location data from being collected from your device you can adjust this capability through your mobile device settings. Please refer to your applicable device settings for instructions on how to manage your location settings. Additional options for opting out of receiving targeted ads can be found in the “Consumer Choice” section below.
What Information Do We Share?
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your PII or Sensitive Data with third parties. We share your PII and Sensitive Data with third parties (i) when we have received assurance from the party who gave us that information that you consented to do so; and (ii) so that third parties may bid, purchase, and target ads to you directly or otherwise use or share that information with others for advertising or marketing purposes. As with targeted ads, we may share your PII with third parties so that they may retarget you as well. We may also remove identifying information from PII (de-identify it) therefore rendering it Non-PII, and share that de-identified information with third parties, such as in segments we create.
We may share Non-PII with third parties. For example, we may provide information to others as to the specific ads to which a segment of end-users was exposed, or we may make certain information, such as certain demographic information, about end-users viewing an ad available to buyers and potential buyers of such ads. We may also disclose how frequently the average end-user requests pages about a certain category (such as health or finance), or which ads a segment of end-user interacts with on domains across our Platform.
Although the Non-PII information that we share, including the Non-PII that is not linked to your computer, mobile device, or connected TV or app, does not directly identify you personally, there is a risk that third parties who receive such information from us may be able to re-identify you through other information they gather. We request written assurances from third parties that they will not attempt to re-identify non-PII to any particular individual.
In addition to the uses noted in this Privacy Policy, we also may disclose PII and Non-PII (including Sensitive Data) under the following circumstances: (1) if required by law, such as by a court order, statute, regulation, rule or through legal process; (2) in response to requests from federal, state, local, or foreign law and civil enforcement agencies, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, or for law enforcement purposes; (3) in the event of a corporate transaction such as the sale of assets or all or most of PulsePoint’s assets or equity to another company; (4) in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of our creditors; or (5) if we determine it necessary in connection with an investigation or in order to protect our legal rights.
We may also disclose your PII and Non-PII to our affiliates, subcontractors, vendors, and other businesses who provide data processing services to us, or who otherwise process PII for purposes that are either described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your PII. For example, we may engage third parties to analyze data or provide marketing assistance. We request written assurances that your information will only be used for the purposes of performing the functions for which we have engaged them.
Legal basis for processing PII (EEA visitors only)If you are a visitor from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the PII described above will depend on the PII concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.  For further information relevant to EEA visitors,
please click here.
How We Use Cookies
We collect Non-PII through technologies such as “cookies” and “pixel tags” (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels). “Cookies” are small data files that are stored by your web browser on your computer. When you visit a webpage, the cookie sends back Non-PII. “Pixel tags” are small graphic images (usually invisible) that can be embedded in content and ads on a webpage that track usage of our Websites and effectiveness of communication. These pixel tags can then be used to recognize our cookies and to monitor certain user interactions with a website.
‍Cookies and these other technologies are useful because they allow us to recognize your device and remember information about you, such as your preferred language and other general settings. Most of the cookies are stored in your browser, which usually gives you the ability to manage them (though browsers for mobile devices may not offer this possibility). Cookies play an important role.
‍You have several choices when it comes to opting-out of the collection of information about your web browsing activities through cookies.  See the “Consumer Choice” section below for ways to opt-out. You can also find information about opting-out on the DAA website. For additional information,
please review our Cookie Policy
Consumer/User Choice and Opt Out
We are committed to following the online advertising industry’s best practices and complying with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, which encourage consumer choice.
If you are a California resident, or provide us with the Personal Information of a California resident please see the following additional terms:
You may
Opt Out at DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION
. See below and the HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION section and disclosures in this Privacy.
You may opt-out of our Platform for IBA/OBA. Opting out does not prevent you from seeing ads; it simply means that we will no longer collect data for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and you will no longer receive ads based on your historical viewing interests, personal characteristics, consumer segments, or other information. You may still receive contextual ads, as described above.
We encourage advertisers that place ads through our Platform that are delivered for IBA/OBA to display the DAA’s YourAdChoices Icon, which contains a link consumers may click to understand how their data is being used and see the choices they have to control the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. The DAA offers an opt-out tool to opt-out of the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. More information about the DAA’s YourAdChoices program and its opt-out tool are available
here
. Opting out from an advertiser will not, however, automatically opt you out of receiving IBA/OBA targeted ads from our Platform, nor from receiving ads. To opt out of targeted ads from our Platform, you may go
here
. We do, however, require advertisers and publishers with whom we partner to inform us if you opt-out of receiving their ads so that you are not sent those ads from our Platform.
PulsePoint is a also member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising, and we adhere to the
NAI Code of Conduct
for Web and Mobile. The NAI’s opt-out tool to opt-out of our collection of data online for IBA and the placement of interest based ads. You may access the NAI’s opt-out tool
here
.
Since we are a partner with the DAA, you may also use the DAA’s opt-out tool to opt-out of our collection of data online for IBA and the placement of interest based ads. You may access the DAA’s opt-out tool
here
.
The DAA and NAI opt-out tools are cookie-based. It signals us so that we do not collect data online or deliver ads for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and only affect the Internet/web browser on the computer where the cookies are installed. These opt-out tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt-out cookie or all cookies from a browser’s cookie files, change web browsers or change computers, you will no longer be opted out of our data collection and ad targeting, and we may place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is again reset on that browser. Opting out using one browser on one computer will not opt you out using any other browser on the same or another computer.
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device may offer settings to limit or disable mobile apps from gathering certain information. You should check the settings for the app and your device. PulsePoint honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out, please visit the privacy settings of your device and select “limit ad tracking” (if Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (if Android).
Many connected TVs and related devises offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices, when received PulsePoint will honor these signals.
You may opt-out of receiving marketing material or personalized advertising from PulsePoint, and/or may request that your NPI number and other personal information be removed from PulsePoint’s NPI database at any time by contacting us via e-mail at
privacy@pulsepoint.com
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Information by Others
This Privacy Policy applies only to information gathered by us in connection with our Platform. There are other companies involved in collecting information and serving ads. The use of third-party pixels, cookies, and other technologies on websites that end-users visit, in apps that end-users use, and in ads served to end-users should be described by the privacy policies associated with those websites, apps, and ads. We have no responsibility for the collection, use, or disclosure of information by those third parties via such websites, apps, or ads.
Security
We use reasonable security measures to protect the data in our possession. However, no method of transmission or storage of data is 100% secure and we will not be responsible for any damage that results from a security breach of data or the unauthorized access to or use of information, whether PII or Non-PII. To the extent we provide your PII to any third parties, we will request that they use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Data Retention
Information we acquire through our Platform is generally deleted within 45-60 days, but may be retained in PulsePoint’s internal network for up to 18 months from the date of collection before deletion.
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your PII has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your PII and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Access Requests
If you would like to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your PII we have on file, you may submit such requests
here
. Alternatively, you may email us at privacy@pulsepoint.com or write to PulsePoint Privacy Department, 360 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York, 10017. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity in an effort to prevent identity theft.
Children's Privacy
In the interest of the privacy of children, we do not knowingly collect information from or target end-users under the age of 18. Our Platform is neither developed for nor directed at children. If we learn we have collected or received information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will endeavor to delete that information
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Our Platform is based in the United States, and operates under United States law. If you are located outside of the United States, the information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and in other countries where the privacy laws may not be the same as the laws where you reside and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Additional considerations apply to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from individuals who live in the EEA.
Do Not Track ("DNT")
DNT is a privacy preference that you may set in certain web browsers. DNT is intended to allow you another method of informing websites and services that you do not want certain information about your website visits collected. We do not currently respond to DNT signals.
Questions and Comments
If you have questions about our Platform and your privacy, please e-mail privacy@pulsepoint.com.
Consumer/User Choice and Opt Out
We are committed to following the NAI’s Code of Conduct and complying with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, which encourage consumer choice.
If you are a California resident, or provide us with the Personal Information of a California resident please see the following additional terms:
You may
Opt Out at DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION
. See below and the HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION section and disclosures in this Privacy.
You may opt-out of our Platform for IBA/OBA. Opting out does not prevent you from seeing ads; it simply means that we will no longer collect data for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and you will no longer receive ads based on your historical viewing interests, personal characteristics, consumer segments, or other information. You may still receive contextual ads, as described above.
We encourage advertisers that place ads through our Platform that are delivered for IBA/OBA to display the DAA’s YourAdChoices Icon, which contains a link consumers may click to understand how their data is being used and see the choices they have to control the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. The DAA offers an opt-out tool to opt-out of the collection of data online and the display of ads for IBA/OBA. More information about the DAA’s YourAdChoices program and its opt-out tool are available
here
. Opting out from an advertiser will not, however, automatically opt you out of receiving IBA/OBA targeted ads from our Platform, nor from receiving ads. To opt out of targeted ads from our Platform, you may go
here
. We do, however, require advertisers and publishers with whom we partner to inform us if you opt-out of receiving their ads so that you are not sent those ads from our Platform.
Since we are a member of the NAI, you may also use the NAI’s opt-out tool to opt-out of our collection of data online for IBA and the placement of interest based ads. You may access the NAI’s opt-out tool
here
.
The DAA and NAI opt-out tools are cookie-based. They signal us so that we do not collect data online or deliver ads for the purpose of IBA/OBA, and only affect the Internet/web browser on the computer where the cookies are installed. These opt-out tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt-out cookie or all cookies from a browser’s cookie files, change web browsers or change computers, you will no longer be opted out of our data collection and ad targeting, and we may place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is again reset on that browser. Opting out using one browser on one computer will not opt you out using any other browser on the same or another computer.
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device may offer settings to limit or disable mobile apps from gathering certain information. You should check the settings for the app and your device. PulsePoint honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out, please visit the privacy settings of your device and select “limit ad tracking” (if Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (if Android).
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Information by Others
This Privacy Policy applies only to information gathered by us in connection with our Platform. There are other companies involved in collecting information and serving ads. The use of third-party pixels, cookies, and other technologies on websites that end-users visit, in apps that end-users use, and in ads served to end-users should be described by the privacy policies associated with those websites, apps, and ads. We have no responsibility for the collection, use, or disclosure of information by those third parties via such websites, apps, or ads.
Security
We use reasonable security measures to protect the data in our possession. However, no method of transmission or storage of data is 100% secure and we will not be responsible for any damage that results from a security breach of data or the unauthorized access to or use of information, whether PII or Non-PII. To the extent we provide your PII to any third parties, we will request that they use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Data Retention
Information we acquire through our Platform is generally deleted within 45-60 days, but may be retained in PulsePoint’s internal network for up to 18 months from the date of collection before deletion.
We retain information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your PII has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your PII and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Access Requests
If you would like to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your PII we have on file, you may submit such requests
here
. Alternatively, you may email us at privacy@pulsepoint.com or write to PulsePoint Privacy Department, 360 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, New York, 10017. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity in an effort to prevent identity theft.
Children's Privacy
In the interest of the privacy of children, we do not knowingly collect information from or target end-users under the age of 18. Our Platform is neither developed for nor directed at children. If we learn we have collected or received information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will endeavor to delete that information
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Our Platform is based in the United States, and operates under United States law. If you are located outside of the United States, the information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States and in other countries where the privacy laws may not be the same as the laws where you reside and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Additional considerations apply to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from individuals who live in the EEA.
Do Not Track ("DNT")
DNT is a privacy preference that you may set in certain web browsers. DNT is intended to allow you another method of informing websites and services that you do not want certain information about your website visits collected. We do not currently respond to DNT signals.
Questions and Comments
If you have questions about our Platform and your privacy, please e-mail privacy@pulsepoint.com.
Your Choice on Cookies
We and our
58
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Accept All
enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Accept Essential or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage  .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
See our cookies Notice
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
See our List of Partners
Customize Choices
Accept Essential
Accept All
About Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
48 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
41 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
41 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
11 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
9 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
53 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
15 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
35 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
50 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
8 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label