Press Alt+1 for screen-reader mode, Alt+0 to cancel
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
Sign up
to save your progress & track orders
Login or Sign Up
Frame Your Photos
Gallery Walls
Art Collection
Buy Gift Card
Promo Codes
My Orders
Help Center
Chat with Us
For Business
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Terms of Use
Accessibility
English
Mixtiles Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to Mixtiles Ltd., including our subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide, including its other
  services and websites such as Mixtiles Art (collectively “Mixtiles”, “we”, “our” or “us”). Mixtiles puts great efforts
  in making sure that the personal data we process is safe and used properly, and that our data practices are accurately
  communicated to our website and app visitors, prospects and customers (“users”, “you” or “your”).
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and disclose personal data of Users who:
visit, shop or otherwise interact with our mobile application (“App”) and websites (such as
https://www.mixtiles.com/
and its subdomains, including
https://www.mixtiles.com/art
), blogs or other similar forums, online ads and content, surveys, emails or other communications under our
      control (collectively, the “Services”);
participate in our Referral Program, as described in the
Referral Terms
("Referral Program");
Specifically, this Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding -
Data Collection
Data Uses & Business Purposes
Data Location
Data Retention
Data Disclosure
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Communications
Data Security
Data Subject Rights
Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
Data Controller/Processor
Additional Information and Contact Details
Privacy is important to us, and we are strongly committed to transparency and fairness in our data processing
  activities. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and make sure that you fully understand and agree to our
  practices. Remember: you are not legally required to provide us with any personal data, and may do so (or avoid doing
  so) at your own free will.
If you do not wish to provide us with your personal data, or to have it processed by us, please avoid any interaction
  with us or with our Services, or submit a request to exercise your rights as further explained in
Section
9 below but please keep in mind that limiting our processing may also result in us not being able to provide you the
  ability to use our Services, or with the best user experience when using our Services.
Data Collection
When we use the term “personal data” (or personal information under certain data protection laws such as the
  California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)) in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to,
  describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to
  an individual or household. It does not include aggregated, de-identified or anonymized information that is maintained
  in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual.
Specifically, in the last twelve (12) months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Data:
Category
Examples
Identifier
Name, postal address, phone number, email address, IP address, device identifier or other similar
            identifiers
Customer Records information
Bank account details, credit or debit card information (such as the 4 last digits of the credit card number,
            expiration date, CVV, credit card type), payment preferences, or other financial information such as your
            account details at payment processing services such as PayPal (if applicable).
Commercial information
Purchase history on our Services, or consuming histories or tendencies or other financial information
Internet or other similar network activity
Browser history and information on your interaction with our Site recorded by log files, cookies, pixels,
            device fingerprinting, operating system and account access
Geolocation data
Location data including non-precise geolocation data (such as location derived from an IP address or data
            that indicates a city or postal code)
Images
Images you upload on our Services, that include Content Information, as described below.
Client Relationship Manager (CRM) and prospective clients’ information
Contact details you provide us with, content of your communications with us, as well as any needs,
            preferences, attributes and insights relevant to the potential engagement
To the extent that any of the foregoing solely relates to a non-human entity, we will not regard it as personal data,
  and this Privacy Policy will not apply to it.
We may obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you: You may provide us with Personal Data when you choose to use our Services, make a purchase
      through our websites, request information from us or contact us for any other reason, including via email or
      through our chat. In addition, our Services enable you to select and upload Images, either independently from your
      device, or through linking your account on other websites or social media (such as your Facebook or Google
      accounts), and once linked we will gain limited access to certain data and Images on such linked account(s). When
      you first install the App, you will be asked whether you permit the App access to specific photos or to your
      entire camera roll. If you grant access to the camera roll, we scan all your images in your camera roll and
      collect and process information on the characteristics of images that you have in your camera roll, such as the
      image setting (e.g., sunset, indoor, party), the posture, location and characteristics of faces or other face
      parts that appear in an image (e.g. are people’s eyes open or shut), and the number, estimated age and gender of
      people in the image (“Content Information”). We use Content Information in order to recommend images from your
      camera roll that we think may look good printed on Mixtiles. For more details on where and how we store your
      personal data, please see
Section 3
(Data Location) and
Section 5
(Data Disclosure) below. This identification process is conducted on your device. We do not collect or retain any
      biometric information or biometric identifiers from your images.
Data automatically collected or generated: When you interact with or use our Services, we may collect certain
      technical data about your device (such as your operating system, IP address, device identifier browsing history,
      purchase history etc.) We collect or generate such data either independently or with the help of our Service
      Providers (as detailed in
Section 5
below), including through the use of "cookies" and other tracking technologies (as further detailed in
Section 6
below).
Data received from third party services: Our Services may be used in connection with third party services, sites,
      and mobile applications. If you use our Services with or through such third parties, we may receive Personal Data
      about you from such third parties. Please note that when you directly engage with such third-party services, sites
      and mobile applications, any aspect of that engagement that is not directly related to the Services and directed
      by Mixtiles is beyond the scope of Mixtiles’ Terms and this Privacy Policy, and their own terms and privacy
      policies will govern your use of those services.
Please note that we use analytics tools (including Google Analytics) to collect data about the use of Services such as
  how often Users visit or use the Services, which pages they visit and when, and which website, ad or e-mail message
  brought them there. You can find more information about how Google collects information and how you can control such
  use at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
.
Data Uses & Business Purposes
We use your Personal Data as described in
Section 1
as necessary for the performance of our Services (“Performance of a Contract”); to comply with our legal and
  contractual obligations (“Legal Obligations”); and to support our legitimate interests in maintaining and improving
  our Services, e.g., understanding how our Services are used and how our Services, campaigns and other activities are
  performing; gaining insights which help us dedicate our resources and efforts more efficiently; in marketing,
  advertising and selling our Services; providing customer Services and technical support; and protecting and securing
  our Services, ourselves and the organizations and individuals we engage with (“Legitimate Interests”).
If you reside or are using the Services in a territory governed by privacy laws which determine that “consent” is the
  only or most appropriate legal basis for the processing of personal data as described in this Privacy Policy (either
  in general, based on the types of personal data you expect or elect to process or have processed by us or via the
  Service, or due to the nature of such processing) (“Consent”), your acceptance of our
Terms of Service
and of this Privacy Policy will be deemed as your consent to the processing of your Personal Data for all purposes
  detailed in this Privacy Policy, unless the applicable law requires a different form of consent. If you wish to
  withdraw such consent, please contact us at
hi@mixtiles.com
.
Specifically, we collected and used Personal Data in the last 12 months for the following purposes (and in reliance on
  the legal bases for processing noted next to them, as appropriate):
Services Users
Purpose
Legal basis for processing
To facilitate, operate, enhance, and provide usage of our Services
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interests
To authenticate the identity of our Users, and to allow them to access and use our Services
Legitimate Interests
Performance of a Contract
To provide our Users with assistance and support
Legitimate Interests
Performance of a Contract
To develop, customize and improve the Services and our Users’ experience, based on common or personal
            preferences, experiences, difficulties and feedback
Performance of a Contract
Consent
Legitimate Interests
To accurately crop the Images, you upload through the use of facial recognition software (solely for such
            purpose)
Performance of a Contract
Consent
To contact our Users with general or personalized service-related messages (such as password-retrieval or
            billing); or with promotional messages (such as newsletters, special offers, new features etc.); and to
            facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events and promotions
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interests
Consent
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating
            the risks of fraud, error or any illegal or prohibited activity
Performance of a Contact
Legitimate Interests
Legal Obligations
To create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data or anonymized or pseudonymized data
            (rendered non-personal), which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective
            services or for any other business purpose
Legitimate Interests
To comply with our contractual and legal obligations and requirements, and maintain our compliance with
            applicable laws, regulations and standards
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interests
Legal Obligations
Data Location
We and our authorized Service Providers (defined below) maintain, store and process Personal Data in the United
  States, Israel, European Union, and other locations as reasonably necessary for the proper performance and delivery of
  our Services, or as may be required by law.
Mixtiles Ltd. is headquartered in Israel, a jurisdiction which is considered by the European Commission, the UK
  Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, to be
  offering an adequate level of protection for personal data of individuals residing in EU Member States, the UK and
  Switzerland, respectively. We transfer data from the EEA, the UK and Switzerland to Israel on this basis.
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Mixtiles and its affiliates and Service Providers are each
  committed to protect Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, customary industry standards, and such
  appropriate lawful mechanisms and contractual terms requiring adequate data protection, regardless of any lesser legal
  requirements that may apply in the jurisdiction from which such data originated. For data transfers from the EU, the
  UK, or Switzerland to countries that are not considered to be offering an adequate level of data protection by the
  relevant data protection authority, we and the relevant data exporters and importers enter into Standard Contractual
  Clauses (“SCC”), you can obtain a copy by contacting us as indicated in
Section 12
below.
Data Retention
We may retain your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary to provide you with the ability to use our
  Services, shop and offerings and to maintain and expand our relationship; to comply with our legal and contractual
  obligations; or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (e.g. as required by laws applicable to log-keeping,
  records and bookkeeping, and in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues
  arise following your discontinuance of use), all in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data,
  the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we
  process your Personal Data and whether those purposes can be achieved through other means, as well as applicable legal
  requirements.
When using the Services - Images will be retained until your account has been terminated, either by us or by you. Any
  Images which have been uploaded to the Services but were not eventually chosen to be printed on tiles will be
  automatically deleted, after thirty (30) days from the day you have uploaded the Image(s).
You may ask us to delete any Personal Data, including Images you have uploaded to the Services, by sending us an email
  as stated in
Section ‎9 below
. We may delete any data or Images from our systems, without notice to you, including once we deem it no longer
  necessary for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may also retain your data in an anonymized form.
Please note that unless required by applicable law, we will not be obligated to retain your data for any particular
  period, and are free to securely delete it for any reason and at any time, with or without notice to you.
Please also note that we do not retain your payment information, it is transferred directly to the relevant Service
  Provider. We only retain a token of such payment information (which cannot be used to reidentify it) and the chosen
  payment method, as it is required for your continuous payment of our Services subscriptions.
If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us at:
hi@mixtiles.com
.
Data Disclosure
We may disclose your Personal Data in the following instances:
Legal Compliance: in exceptional circumstances, we may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials
  access to your personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in
  compliance with applicable laws and regulations, with or without notice to you. Such disclosure or access may occur if
  we believe in good faith that: (a) we are legally compelled to do so; (b) disclosure is appropriate in connection with
  efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other
  wrongdoing; or (c) such disclosure is required to protect our legitimate business interests, including the security or
  integrity of our products and Services.
Service Providers: we may engage selected business partners, third-party companies and individuals, affiliates,
  subcontractor and sub-processors (collectively “Service Providers”) to perform services complementary to our own
  (e.g., manufacturing, printing and shipping services, payment processing, IT and system administration services, data
  backup, security and storage services, data analytics, marketing etc.). These Service Providers may have access to
  some or all of your Personal Data processed by us, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in
  facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use it for such purposes.
Sharing your Feedback or Recommendations: If you submit a public review or feedback, note that we may (at our
  discretion) store and present your review to other users of our Services. If you wish to remove your public review,
  please contact us at
hi@mixtiles.com
. If you choose to send others an e-mail or
  message inviting them to use the Services (including via the
Referral Program
), we will use the contact information you provide us to automatically send such invitation e-mail or message on your
  behalf. Your name and e-mail address may be included in the invitation e-mail or message.
Protecting Rights and Safety: we may share your Personal Data with others if we believe in good faith that this will
  help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Mixtiles, any of our Users or any members of the general
  public.
Third-Party Websites and Services: our Services may include links to third-party websites, and integrations with
  third-party services. Such websites and third-party services, and any information you process, submit, transmit or
  otherwise use with such websites and third-party services, are beyond the scope of Mixtiles’ Terms of Service and
  Privacy Policy and will therefore be governed by such third-party’s terms and privacy practices and policies, and not
  by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the terms and privacy policies of such websites and
  third-party services.
Mixtiles Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies; Change of Control: We share Personal Data internally within our group
  companies (including Mixtiles B.V. (NE), Mixtiles USA, Inc. (USA) and Mixtiles Ltd. (IL)), for the purposes described
  in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should Mixtiles or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control or
  ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of its assets, or will be found eligible for a
  governmental grant, your Personal Data may be shared (to the extent necessary and customary) with the parties involved
  in such an event. If we believe that such event might materially affect your Personal Data then stored with us, we
  will notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail or prominent notice on our Services.
Additional Sharing: we may share your personal data in additional manners, pursuant to your request or explicit
  approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal,
  non-identifiable and anonymous. We may transfer, share or otherwise use non-personal and non-identifiable data at our
  sole discretion and without the need for further approval.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Data listed in
Section 1
above:
Identifiers.
Customer Records information
Commercial information
Internet or other similar network activity
Geolocation data
Images
CRM and prospective client’s information
When we disclose Personal Data for a purpose listed above, we enter into a contract that describes the purpose and
  requires the recipient to both keep that Personal Data confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing
  the contract.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Our Services utilize “cookies”, anonymous identifiers, pixels, container tags and other technologies in order to
  provide and monitor our Services, to ensure that they perform properly, to analyze our performance and marketing
  activities, and to personalize your experience. Such cookies and similar files or tags may also be temporarily placed
  on your device. Certain cookies and other technologies serve to recall personal data, such as an IP address, as
  indicated by a User.
Please note that we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a
  browser or mobile application, however, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept
  them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or to block or remove
  cookies altogether.
To learn more about our practices concerning cookies and online tracking, please visit our Cookie Policy.
Communications
We engage in service and promotional communications, through social media, e-mail, phone, surveys, SMS and
  notifications.
Service Communications: we may contact you with important information regarding our Services. For example, we may send
  you notifications (through any of the means available to us) of order summaries and shipping updates, to remind you to
  make your monthly/yearly purchase when you have paid a subscription (e.g., the “moments” feature), to inform you of
  changes or updates to our Services, billing issues, etc. You can control your communications and notifications in
  accordance with the instructions included in the communications sent to you. Please note that you will not be able to
  opt-out of receiving certain service communications which are integral to your use (like shipment updates or billing
  notices payment issues etc.).
Notifications and Promotional Communications: we may send you messages and notifications about new features, surveys,
  offerings, events and special opportunities, and any other information we think our Users will find valuable. We may
  provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g., SMS, mobile notifications or e-mail),
  through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites or platforms. Furthermore, we may send you
  promotions and marketing materials about our other services and products. Please note that we may use photos from
  previous orders or your abandoned cart to send you personalized emails. Photos used for this purpose will be saved and
  deleted in accordance with our data retention practices described in
Section 4
above.
If you wish not to receive such promotional communications via SMS, notifications or e-mail, you may notify Mixtiles
  at any time by e-mailing us at
hi@mixtiles.com
or by following the "unsubscribe",
  "stop" or "change e-mail preferences" instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive.
Data Security
In order to protect your Personal Data held with us and our Service Providers, We and our Service Providers implement
  systems, applications and procedures to secure your personal data, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of
  information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security,
  however, please be aware that regardless of any security measures used, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute
  protection and security of any personal data stored with us or with any third parties.
Data Subject Rights
Individuals have rights concerning their Personal Data. Please contact us by e-mail at:
hi@mixtiles.com
if you wish to exercise your privacy rights under any applicable
  law, including the EU or UK GDPR,the CCPA as amended (CCPA), or the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Such rights
  may include (to the extent available to you under the laws which apply to you) the right to know/request access to
  (specific pieces of personal data collected; categories of personal data collected; categories of sources from whom
  the personal data was collected; purpose of collecting personal data; categories of third parties with whom we have
  shared personal data), to request rectification or erasure of your personal data held with Mixtiles, or to restrict or
  object to such personal data’s processing (including, for US States Residents, the right to direct us not to “sell” or
  “share” your personal information, or process it for “targeted advertising” (as such terms are defined by applicable
  US State Privacy Laws, as explained
below
)), or to obtain a copy or port such personal data, or the right to equal services and prices (e.g. freedom from
  discrimination). If you are a GDPR-protected individual, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the
  relevant supervisory authority in the EEA or the UK, as applicable.
Please be advised that deleting your personal data stored with Mixtiles will adversely affect your use of our
  Services.
Please also note that some of your Personal Data may be processed by other parties acting as ‘data controllers’, such
  as Facebook and Google. For any requests to exercise such rights with respect to such parties’ processing activities,
  please contact the relevant party directly.
When you ask us to exercise any of your rights under this Privacy Policy or applicable law, we may need to ask you to
  provide us certain credentials to make sure that you are who you claim you are, to avoid disclosure of Personal Data
  relating to other individuals, and to ask you to provide further information to better understand the nature and scope
  of data that you wish to access or have deleted etc. Such additional data will be then retained by us for legal
  purposes (e.g. as proof of the identity of the person submitting the request, or proof of request fulfillment), in
  accordance with
Section 4
above. We may redact from the data which we will make available to you, any personal data related to others.
Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing/Targeted Advertising
Under some US data protection laws, our disclosure of certain internet activity and device information to third
  parties through cookies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information, or processing of personal
  information for “targeted advertising” (as such terms are defined in applicable data protection laws). We do so in
  pursuit of the business and commercial purposes described in
Section 2
above.
For the purposes of the CCPA, in the last 12 months we have "sold" or "shared" internet or other electronic network
  activity information, geolocation data, and commercial information with our analytics and advertising partners.
  Mixtiles has not knowingly sold or shared the personal information of individuals under the age of 16.
California
In California, we only activate cookies that may result in a “sale” and/or “sharing” of your personal information if
  you have directed us to do so by activating such cookies and storing them on your device. By default, these cookies
  will not be used by Mixtiles.
Should you wish to opt in to Mixtiles’ use of such cookies, you may click the “
Your Privacy Choices
” link in the menu or the footer of our website, and turn on the toggle for “Allow Sale and Sharing of Personal
  Information” button, then click the “OK” button.
To the extent the opt-in activation of such cookies is considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information
  under the CCPA, you may exercise your right to opt out again at any time by turning off the toggle. You may also set
  the Global Privacy Control (GPC) for each participating browser system that you use to opt out of the use of
  third-party advertising cookies.
Other US States
You may opt out of all cookies that may result in a “sale” and/or processing of personal information for “targeted
  advertising” in the following ways:
Click the “
Your Privacy Choices
” link
      (available in the menu and the footer of our website), then turn on the toggle for “Opt-out of Sale and Targeted
      Advertising”, then click “OK”. You can opt in again at any time by clicking on "Your Privacy Choices" and turning
      off the toggle.
Set the Global Privacy Control (GPC) for each participating browser system that you use to opt out of the use of
      third-party Advertising or other cookies (instructions on how to download and use GPC are available here).
Please note: If you visit us from a different device or browser, or clear cookies, then you need to return to this
  screen to re-select your preferences.
Data Controller/Processor
Certain data protection laws and regulations, such as the EU and UK GDPR or the CCPA, typically distinguish between
  two main roles for parties processing Personal Data: the “data controller” (or under the CCPA, “business”), who
  determines the purposes and means of processing; and the “data processor” (or under the CCPA, “service provider”), who
  processes the data on behalf of the data controller (or business). Below we explain how these roles apply to our
  Services, to the extent that such laws and regulations apply.
Mixtiles is the “data controller” (or “business”) of its Users’ data, and assumes the responsibilities of data
  controller (solely to the extent applicable under law), as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In such instances, our
  Service Providers (listed in
Section 5
) processing such data will assume the role of “data processor” (or “service provider” as defined under the CCPA).
Additional Information and Contact Details
Updates and amendments: we may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on
  our Services. The amended version will be effective as of the date it is published. We will provide prior notice if we
  believe any substantial changes are involved via any of the communication means available to us or via Services. After
  such notice period, all amendments shall be deemed accepted by you.
Requirements under US State Privacy Laws: This Privacy Policy describes the categories of personal information we may
  collect and the sources of such information (in
Section ‎1
above), our retention (
Section ‎4
) and deletion (
Section 9
) practices. We also included information about how we may process your information (in Sections ‎1 through ‎7),
  which includes “business purposes” under the CCPA. You can exercise your right to opt- out of the “sale” and/or
  “sharing” of your personal information, or of the processing of your personal information for “targeted advertising”
  (as such terms are defined under applicable US State Privacy Laws) by following the instructions described in
Section 10
or by contacting us at
hi@mixtiles.com
. We may disclose personal data to third
  parties or allow them to collect personal data from our Services as described in Sections ‎
5
and
6
above, if those third parties are authorized Services Providers or business partners who have agreed to our
  contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such personal data, or if you integrate the
  services of third parties with our Services, or direct us to disclose your personal data to third parties, or as
  otherwise described in
Section 5
above. You may also designate an authorized agent, in writing or through a power of attorney, to request to exercise
  your privacy rights on your behalf. The authorized agent may submit a request to exercise these rights by emailing us
  at
hi@mixtiles.com
. Note that we will not discriminate against you by withholding
  our Services from you or providing a lower quality of service to you for requesting to exercise your rights under the
  law.
If you have any questions or would like to exercise your rights under any applicable US State privacy laws, you can
  contact us by email at
dpo@mixtiles.com
or by post at:
Mixtiles US Inc.
Attn: Legal
1313 N. Market Street, Suite 1000
Wilmington, DE 19801
External links: while our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not responsible for their
  privacy practices, and encourage you to pay attention and to read the privacy policies of each and every website and
  service you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services.
Our Services are not designed to attract children under the age of 16: we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from
  children and do not wish to do so. If we learn that a child is using the Services, we will attempt to prohibit and
  block such use and to promptly delete any Personal Data stored with us which we deem to relate to such child. If you
  believe that we might have any such data, please contact us at
dpo@mixtiles.com
.
Data Protection Officer: Mixtiles has appointed PrivacyTeam as our Data Protection Officer (DPO), for monitoring and
  advising on Mixtiles' ongoing privacy compliance and serving as a point of contact on privacy matters for data
  subjects and supervisory authorities. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, if you have
  any concerns regarding your privacy, or if you wish to make a complaint about how your Personal Data is being
  processed by Mixtiles, please contact our DPO at
dpo@mixtiles.com
.
EU Representative: Mixtiles B.V has been designated as Mixtiles’ representative in the European Union for data
  protection matters pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR. Mixtiles B.V. may be contacted only on matters related to the
  processing of Personal Data. To make such an inquiry, please send an email to
hi@mixtiles.com
, or contact Mixtiles B.V. by post at Stranwinskylaan 613, 1077 XX
  Amsterdam, the Netherlands. If you are a GDPR-protected individual, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with
  an EU supervisory authority.
UK Representative: Dr. Andreas Maetzler (https://gdpr-rep.eu/) has been designated as Mixtiles’ representative for the
  United Kingdom for data protection matters pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR. Inquiries regarding our UK privacy
  practices may be sent by e-mail to
hi@mixtiles.com
or by post to Prighter (Attn: Mixtiles) at: Kemp House 160 City Road, EC1V 2NX, London, United Kingdom.
Questions, Concerns or Complaints: if you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you have
  any concerns regarding your personal data held with us, or if you wish to make a complaint about how your personal
  data is being processed by Mixtiles, you can contact us at
hi@mixtiles.com
.
Last updated: December, 2024