Search by Keyword
Search
Your account
Access, verify and manage your account
Registration
Setting up your account
Bonuses and Promotions
Getting and using bonuses and promotions
Deposits
Making and managing deposits
Withdrawals
Making and managing withdrawals
Responsible Gaming
Safer gambling guidance
Casino
How to play, tournaments and free spins
Bingo
How to play Bingo
Popular Content
I forgot my password
To reset your account password please click on 'Forgot?' under the password field.
Enter the email address you have registered in your account to receive the password reset email.
If you don't receive
it shortly please remember to check your email spam folder.
Please note that you won't receive an email if your account has been closed.
Create your new password making sure you meet the minimum set requirements
I closed my account, can I reopen it?
You can reopen your account if:
you have temporarily disabled it. In this case, please contact us via Livechat
It is pending verification and your account is locked. For more information,
check your account status
and/or your email box.
You have self-excluded, and the exclusion period has ended.
You haven't used your account in a while.
However, you cannot reopen your account if:
You have self-excluded, and the exclusion period is still ongoing or permanent
The account was closed at our initiative, of which you were informed.
The account is permanently closed for legal reasons.
Why is my account blocked?
You may not be able to access your account for various reasons.
You’ve entered your password incorrectly
Your account will be blocked after five failed logins. Click the ‘Forgot?’ to reset your password.
You’ve excluded yourself from playing
Once activated, our Self-Exclusion feature locks you out of your account. If you’re unable to access your account for this reason, please wait until your exclusion period is over - our customer service agents are not able to re-open your account before this time.
Your account is blocked for security or compliance reasons
In some cases, your account may be blocked for security or compliance reasons.  Please check your email for more information about the block reason and how to recover access to your account.
You closed your account
You may be able to reopen your account. Please contact us.
What can I do if a reCaptcha does not work?
We use reCaptchas to help keep the site and your account safe. They’re tests to tell if a user is human rather than a robot. You will normally be asked to select images containing a certain object.
If you have any problems loading a reCaptcha, or one freezes, please try the following steps.
Check you’ve completed the test
If you’re not sure of the answer, use the refresh button (a circle with an arrow) to get a new question.
Make sure you’re connected to wifi or mobile data
A slow connection can make a reCaptcha freeze or not work properly. Once you’ve checked your connection, reload the page and try again.
Restart your browser
Close your browser, restart it and return to the page you were on.
Shut down any extensions running on your browser
Some browser extensions can affect how a page works. You can find out if any are running by checking the settings on your browser. Once you’ve deactivated them, restart your browser and return to the page.
Clear your cookies and cache
Some technical issues can be solved by clearing your
cookies and cache
. Once you have done this, restart you browser and try the reCAPTCHA again.
Restart your device
Once your device has restarted, load the page with the reCaptcha again.
Make sure you’re using a supported browser
reCaptcha doesn’t work with some older versions of browsers. Follow the link for your browser to find details on how to update it:
iPhone and iPad
Google Chrome
Edge
Safari
Firefox
Turn off your VPN
Having a VPN (Virtual Private Network) running on your device can interfere with your connection. Turn it off and try the reCaptcha again.
Create a new user profile
You can set up a new user and try the reCaptcha again on the new profile. Follow the links below for your device:
iPhone
Android devices
PC
Mac
Why was my document rejected?
There are several reasons why your document might have been rejected:
Incomplete document or missing info
The document should not be cropped, and we need to see all four corners if possible. Make sure all essential information such as address/date/bank account number is visible.
Low quality, blurry or unreadable
We accept various formats including digital photo, scanned image, PDF and screenshots. Check everything is readable before you send the document. We do not accept print outs.
Name mismatch
Unless specifically requested otherwise, the documents must be in the account holder’s name.
Business bank statement
We need to see the bank statement of a private account - you cannot deposit/withdraw with a business account. We do not accept print outs.
Unsigned document
Passports and bank statements issued in the bank need to be signed.
Expired or too old
Documents need to be valid, and a proof of address that isn’t an ID needs to be from the last 3 months.
Wrong document type
We only accept certain types of documents.
• Proof of ID: ID cards, residence permits, passports. We DO NOT accept any other forms of ID like army card, a citizen’s card, etc
• Proof of address: utility bills, bank statements, landline/TV/internet bills, mobile phone bills, official government correspondence. We DO NOT accept: insurance documents, hospital documents, and any other documents not issued by official authorities. We do not accept print outs.
Need more help?
Contact Us
17
Log in for faster and personalized assistance
Log in
You'll be logged into your account.
Continue without logging in
Subject
Select a Subject
Your account
Registration
Bonuses and Promotions
Deposits
Withdrawals
Responsible Gaming
Casino
Bingo
Category
Select a category
Next Step
Useful articles
Next Step
Open All Day
English Chat
Native Chat
Alternative Chat
Native live chat support is currently unavailable.
Response time 12 to 24h
We use cookies to enhance your site experience. By allowing all cookies, we can analyse how you use our site. This will help us to provide you with personalised content and relevant adverts. For more information, see our
Cookies Policy
Allow all cookies
Customise
Privacy preference centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device. We use this information to make the site work as you expect it to. Usually, the information will not identify you. But it can give you a more personalised web experience.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings below to find more information and to change our default settings. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we offer.
More information
Allow all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
View Vendor Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
View Vendor Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
View Vendor Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
View Vendor Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
View Vendor Details‎
Back Button
Vendors List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label