Mixlr
Privacy Policy
(1) Introduction
The website mixlr.com is owned and operated by Mixlr Ltd ("Mixlr", "we", "us"). We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and any data that we collect concerning you. This policy ("Privacy Policy") sets out the basis on which we collect personal data from you, or that you provide to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully in order to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data. By using the Site or the Mixlr Service you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service.
Except where indicated otherwise, all capitalised terms have the same meaning as defined in our
Terms of use
.
(2) Information Collected
When using the iOS application, we may collect and process anonymous tracking information about your device, location and other details to help us improve our service to you.
In addition, at all times we may collect and process the following information about you:
User Registration: personal information that you provide when registering as a user on the Site including but not limited to your name, date of birth and email address. You may also be required to provide us with your username and/or email address so we are able to respond to any queries you or other users may have. Mixlr recommends you take great care when choosing your username as it may reveal personal information about you. This information may be available to the general public.
Site Visits: details of any visits you make to the Site which may include, but is not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, other communication data, and the resources that you access or use.
IP Address and Browser Information: we may collect information about your computer, laptop or mobile media device which may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, operating system and browser type. Such information helps us to develop the Site, Mixlr Service and/or Broadcast Software.
Cookies: for the same reason, we may also obtain information about your general Internet usage and browsing habits. We may do this by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Please read Section 8 for more information on cookies.
Competitions: we may request additional information if you enter a competition or promotion. Such additional information may include your name, age, gender and other demographic information.
Records: if you contact us to report an abuse, make a complaint, report a problem with the Site, Mixlr Service and/or Broadcast Software or for any other reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Surveys: we may provide you with the opportunity to complete surveys that we may use for research purposes. These surveys are optional and you may decide not to respond to them.
Third Party Products and Services: we do not collect personal information (e.g. credit card numbers and addresses) related to any transaction where you choose to purchase any products or services by clicking on a third party link on the Site.
(3) Consent and Storage
By providing any information to Mixlr through the Site and by using the Site, Mixlr Service and/or Broadcast Software as a registered user, you are consenting to the collection, storage and use of your personal information by Mixlr as set out in this Privacy Policy and our Terms. You understand and grant consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). If you do not consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information to territories outside the EEA, then you must not use the Site, Mixlr Service and/or Broadcast Software as a registered user and you accept that many features of the Site, Mixlr Service and/or Broadcast Software may be unavailable to you.
When you provide Mixlr with personally identifiable information (information from which you can be identified), it may be transferred to other entities or stored on our servers or the servers of a third party. The transfer and/or storage may take place outside the EEA. Countries outside the EEA have different privacy laws that provide different levels of protection for your personally identifiable information, and such laws may not be as comprehensive as those that exist in the EEA. In becoming a registered user, you consent to Mixlr's transmission to, and processing of your information in any jurisdiction in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The transmission of information via the Internet is never completely secure. Although Mixlr will do its best to protect your personal data and use industry standard procedures and security features to try to prevent any unauthorised access by a third party, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site or broadcast via the Broadcast Software. You accept that transmission of your personal data is done at your own risk.
(4) Information Use
Non-personally identifiable information may be shared with third parties to help us to introduce, develop and improve the Site, Mixlr Service and Broadcast Software or for other purposes, such as providing more relevant services to users.
We may use your email address to contact you and send you notifications or information related to the Site, Mixlr Service and/or Broadcast Software. We may also use your email address for security reasons so that we can verify your identity.
You may be able to set preferences and control the elements of your personal information which are shared with other users of the Mixlr Service. If you choose to display personal or other information to other users of the Mixlr Service, you accept that you do so at your own risk. We recommend that you do not share any personal contact information. You can remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device by notifying us at
support@mixlr.com
.
We may at our sole discretion and without prior notice disclose users' personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are compelled to do so by any law, regulation or other government authority, in order to protect our rights and/or property or the rights and/or property of the general public. We may also co-operate with law enforcement agencies and where required, may disclose users' personally identifiable information.
(5) Acquisitions and Disposals
We may disclose personal information to third parties if we acquire or dispose of any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or purchaser of such business or assets; or if our assets or a substantial part of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
(6) Links
The Site and/or Broadcast Software may contain links to and from Third Party Sites. If you follow a link to any Third Party Site, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for such policies. You should check these policies before you submit any personal data to such Third Party Sites.
(7) Children
If you are under the age of 12, you must ask permission from your parent or guardian before you register. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone who is under the age of 12 or allow them to register as a user of the Site without their parent or guardian's permission. If we become, or are made aware that we have collected personal information from such a person then we will delete this information including their registered user account. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred then please contact us at
support@mixlr.com
and we will delete all relevant personal information.
(8) Cookies
Cookies are small files that contain information that is transferred to your computer, laptop or mobile media device's hard drive. They are used by many websites to provide features to their users. They help us to improve our Site, the Mixlr Service and Broadcast Software to deliver a better and more personalised service and enable us to retrieve your login information quickly. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information provided by users. We also use persistent cookies which stay on your computer, laptop or mobile media device after you have gone offline.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the settings on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. You can learn how to do this by accessing the ‘Help' function on your browser. However if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site or discover that you have a reduced functionality whilst using the Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to the Site.
(9) Changes to this Policy
We may, at our sole discretion, amend, modify or change this Privacy Policy. All such changes will be placed on this page and will supersede this version of our Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Privacy Policy. However we suggest that you check this page each time you use the Site to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
(10) Contacting Us
The Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act") gives you the right to access information held about you. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please contact us. You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details from any list under our control.
For the purpose of the Act, the data controller is: Mixlr Ltd
  Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Greg Lloyd, CEO.
(11) Request Data Deletion
You have the right to request that your data is deleted. If you would like us to delete your data, please contact us at
support@mixlr.com
.