Products
Remixlive
Cross DJ
Others
Sounds
Artists
Story
Help
Remixlive
Cross DJ
Other products
Sounds
Artists
Story
Help
MIXVIBES' Privacy Policy
‍
This privacy policy sets out how MIXVIBES uses and protects any information that is collected when you use our website, software or mobile applications (“Services”).
MIXVIBES is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using the Services, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. MIXVIBES may change this policy from time to time so we recommend visiting this page regularly to get the updated terms. If you don’t agree with the terms expressed in this privacy policy, and if opting-out of the integrated third-party service(s) is not possible, then we recommend stopping using our Services.
Data collected
‍
We may collect the data such as Unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device. Our Services also integrate third parties that may collect their own data. Please refer to the list of third parties below for more information on the data collected by each partner.
When available, we also provide information about how to
opt-out from each integrated third party
or how to
prevent your data from being collected
. Unfortunately, some of the listed third parties do not offer options to opt-out from the user side. In such cases, you may choose to uninstall our apps or stop using our Services in order to prevent data collection.
Please refer to the corresponding sections for more information about specific cases of data collection such as:
- Our Newsletter
- Our Website
Controlling your personal information
‍
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
- Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
- If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
press@mixvibes.com
‍
- You may discard the permissions required when installing our apps (record or access to device’s folders) or uninstall our apps.
- You may opt-out from any third party integrated within our Services. Please refer to each partner's section for more information about how to opt-out.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Children's information
‍
Our Services are not directed to children under 13. If you learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us.
Security
‍
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Data collected in relation to OneSignal
‍
Our mobile applications contain a third-party SDK that collects Personally Identifiable Information (PII). This SDK (OneSignal) is used for the purpose of sending push notifications to the end users of our apps. OneSignal also collects user data for their own purpose and may store and share the following information:
- Your device’s Advertising Identifier
- Some or all of the following information: IP address, device push token, network information, language, timezone, product preferences, and privacy preferences.
Please note that OneSignal does not collect your email address or your precise geographical location (e.g. GPS-level data) as our apps do not collect such data.
More information about OneSignal’s use of data collected
OneSignal uses this data for several purposes, including the personalization of ads served by other third parties:  “(…) we or a data partner we have engaged may collect and store a unique identifier matched to your mobile device, in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use applications or surf the internet, or to seek to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers”. For more information, please visit
OneSignal privacy policy
Opting-out of OneSignal data collection
End-users may opt-out of OneSignal related data collection by modifying the ad tracking settings on their device (identified by “
Limit Ad Tracking
” on iOS and “
Opt out of interest based ads
” on Android).
Opting-out of OneSignal push notification
End-users may opt-out of OneSignal push notifications at any time by enabling the “Block” option within their Android Settings. This option can be accessed from
Settings > Sound & notification > App notifications
.
iOS users can find more information on push notifications and how to disable them on
Apple's website
Data collected in relation to Crashlytics
‍
Crashlytics is a crash-reporting tool that allows us to analyze errors occurring when using our apps. The purpose of such integration is to improve the stability and quality of our products. Please visit
Crashlytics Terms of Use
for more information about their privacy policy.
Data collected in relation to Facebook
‍
Our apps integrate the Facebook SDK for the purpose of serving ads and attributing app installs based on ads previously served by Facebook. Please refer to
Facebook data policy
for more information.
Opting-out of Facebook personalized ads
Please visit
Facebook Ad settings
to change your preferences and prevent Facebook from serving ads based on your interests and usage.
Data collected in relation to Ads served within our apps
‍
We serve ads in some of our apps through several ad platforms, which may use interest and app usage data to serve personalized ads.
Please visit each third party website for more information on their privacy policy:
-
MoPub privacy policy
-
AdMob privacy policy
-
Facebook data policy
Opting-out of interest-based/personalized ads
End-users may opt-out of interest-based/personalized ads by modifying the ad tracking settings on their device (identified by “
Limit Ad Tracking
” on iOS and “
Opt out of interest based ads
” on Android).
Data collected in relation to Google Analytics for Firebase.
‍
We use Google Analytics for Firebase to collect aggregated data related to user behavior within our apps. This data is processed through Firebase's Analytics feature.
Data collected in relation to Google Analytics
‍
We use Google Analytics to collect behavioral data regarding the use of our website. This includes, among other things, analyzing the pages browsed or the different sources of traffic.
Opting-out of Google Analytics
You may opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
Data collected through our website
‍
We collect information for the following reasons:
– Internal record keeping
– To improve our products and services
– Promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting
– For market research purposes for which we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the Services according to your interests.
How do we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Opting-out of cookies
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to third-party websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
‍
Data collected as part of MIXVIBES' Newsletter
‍
Users that opt-in to our Newsletter should know that we collect the following information: name and job title, contact information including email address, demographic information such as postal code, preferences and interests and other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
Opting-out of MIXVIBES Newsletter
The option to unsubscribe can be found at the bottom of each Newsletter sent. This generally takes the form of a hyperlinked text such as "click here to unsubscribe".
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy:
Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Reviewed: April 12, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our     highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our     information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the     decisions you may make regarding how your information is collected and     used.
California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Employees, Job Applicants,       Owners, Directors, Officers, and Contractors:
If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or Singapore and     you are an employee, controlling owner, director, officer, or independent     contractor of ours, see the
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
below. If you are a resident of California, the United Kingdom, or     Singapore and a job applicant, see
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Introduction and Background
OneSignal, Inc. is a U.S. company located at 201 S. B Street, San Mateo, CA     94401 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”).
OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world     to enable their relationships with (and communicate with) their customers.     This is primarily done by leveraging first party data (the company’s data on     their customers) to personalize and automate messaging by the company     through various channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web     push notifications, and in-app messaging.
OneSignal collects this first party data through a software development kit     (“
SDKs
”) that companies use in their mobile applications and websites. These web     and mobile SDKs permit app developers and website operators to send, manage,     optimize and customize messages to their customers and users. All of our     services are referred to collectively as our “
Services,
” and the app developers, website operators, business customers, partners     and advertisers are referred to collectively as our “
Clients.
”
This privacy policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) explains our personal information practices regarding:
Our Client’s end users and customers (“
Client End Users
”),
Our Clients’, partners’, and vendors’ business representatives (e.g., their     employees), and
Users of our website(s), including any website on which this Privacy Policy     is posted, which we separately describe in Section 4,
below
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted     services you may find or access through our website. This Privacy Policy     also does not apply to our Client’s data practices.  If you submit     personal information to any of those sites or services or to our Clients,     your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage     you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted     service you use.
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy mean     information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of     being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or     indirectly, to an individual or household.
Data Controller or Data Processor
OneSignal is primarily a data processor (or service provider) in relation     to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our     technology in order to collect, process or transfer their first party data.     In some cases we operate as a data controller (or business) when we process     personal information of our business contacts, employees, and     representatives.
1. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy     or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of     publication of the new privacy policy. Your continued use of the Services     after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with     the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy     policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. Where     required by law we will notify you and/or obtain your     consent.
2. Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our     Data Protection Officer at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
or at 201 S. B Street, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94401.
3. Our Data Practices on our SDKs
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Web       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
A unique cookie identifier, which may uniquely identify a Client End       User
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with       apps and websites
What push notifications have been sent to a Client End User
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information about a Client End User’s browser, such as browser language       type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network       provider; language setting; time zone
Web pages visited that have implemented the SDK, and information about       those visits (e.g., session duration, time-stamp, referring URLs)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Categories of Information Collected About Client End Users by Our Mobile       SDKs
Identifiers such as:
IP address
Email address, if provided to us
Mobile device or account identifiers which may be associated with other       information, including inference data that Clients create on Client End       Users
Commercial information that we receive from our Clients or from our Clients’     use of our Services, such as:
Purchases made within an app
Information about Client End User’s transactions and interactions with the       app
Internet or other electronic network information activity information, such     as:
Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type       (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,       Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome,       etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as       WiFi)
How a user has used the App (e.g., session duration, time-stamp)
Geolocation data inferred from IP address
Precise Location information, generally a Client End User’s lat/long data       (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with       Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use.       (Location information is only collected the user has granted permission to       the App to collect this, and the app chooses to send this data to       OneSignal)
Sensitive information provided or made available by our Clients
Sensitive Information
We generally ask our Clients not to provide us with any sensitive     information of the Client End Users. However, if they do provide us with     sensitive information, then as a service provider to our Clients, we rely on     our Clients to obtain consent (if required by applicable law) or provide opt     out rights (if required by law) and to provide all rights to individuals as     are required by applicable law, contract, or otherwise. Where applicable and     required by law, we may enter into U.S. business associate agreements with     our Clients for the processing of protected health     information.
We refer to all of the above collectively as the “
SDK Information .”Sources of SDK Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by our Clients
Information automatically collected from our Clients’ use of the     Services
How We Use the SDK Information
We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients for the purpose of     providing the Services to our Clients. This includes:
To offer and support app and website features provided through the SDKs,     including those related to push notifications. This includes, for instance,     providing customer, technical and operational support for these features,     detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity;     resolving disputes and enforcing our legal terms and other rights we may     have. It also includes analyzing, customizing, and improving the features we     offer Clients.
To provide information and analytics to our Clients about the use of these     app and website features provided through the SDKs, or to help Clients     create or enhance user profiles of Client End Users.
To enable Clients to create inferences about Client End Users. For instance,     if SDK Information indicates that a particular device is frequently seen at     restaurants, we might categorize a user for targeting of local restaurant     offers. Or, if a user is frequently seen at sports stadiums, we might     categorize the user as a “Sports Fan.”
To develop and use “predictive models” which are data models that try to     predict Client End Users’ potential future behavior and interests on a     per-device basis or across devices.
To analyze ad performance, for instance, by attributing Client End Users’     app installations, web visits, or store visits to ad campaigns.
Sometimes, the SDK Information may be used to resolve identities across     multiple devices, such as to match IP addresses or hashed emails to link a     Client End User across (for instance) browsers, mobile devices, tablets, set     top boxes, or other devices.
Sometimes the SDK Information may be used to perform any of the above     functions, or other marketing or analytics services. Or, we may aggregate     and create data “models” to do this – creating algorithms in order to     predict certain trends and things that different Client End Users might have     in common.
We may deploy online cookies to track users across websites, or to     associate users (and these cookies) with Mobile IDs. We may do this to     resolve user identifies across platforms, and to better or more accurately     target messages. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies,     such as web beacons and SDKs, in the Section titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
.”
We may also use the SDK Information for the following purposes:
To explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
To prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; to protect     the security of our services or website; to comply with applicable law; to     comply with legal process and our legal obligations; to respond to requests     or requirements from public, law and government authorities and private     parties; to enforce our terms; to allow us to pursue available remedies or     limit potential damages; and to exercise or defend legal claims
In other ways with your consent or at your direction
How We Disclose the SDK Information
We may disclose SDK Information to the following categories of third     parties:
Service Providers.
We disclose the SDK Information on our Clients’ behalf to service providers,     contractors and other companies to fulfill your orders, operate our     business, communicate with you and make available our Services and this     Website. These service providers may help us perform any of the activities     set forth in Section 2. For instance, we may disclose certain of the     information we collect or receive to companies that help us with billing and     payment, marketing, advertising and email marketing, data enhancement (e.g.,     to provide more relevant offers), website hosting, technology and customer     support, web and marketing analytics, anti-fraud or security operations, and     other operational, marketing or business support.
We likewise may disclose the SDK Information or data segments regarding a     Client (for instance, related to push notifications they send) for that     Client’s own advertising, analytics, or other purposes.
Affiliates.
We may disclose your information to our affiliates (e.g., our     subsidiaries).
Buyers and investors.
We may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with, or     during negotiations of, any acquisition of our business, financing or     similar transaction.
Other third parties for legal purposes.
We may also disclose your information if we believe it is required: (a) to     prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our services and website; (d)     under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal     obligations; (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and     government authorities (including national security and law enforcement     requirements) and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions;     (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages; and     (i) to exercise or defend legal claims.
Other ways with consent.
We may disclose your personal information in other ways with your consent or     at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for cross context behavioral advertising or for targeted advertising     purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning     you.
4. Our Data Practices on the OneSignal Website(s)
OneSignal Website Information We Collect
We collect the following personal information from visitors of our     website(s) (the “
OneSignal Website Information,
” including the website on which this Privacy Policy appears (“
OneSignal Website(s)
”):
Identifiers that you disclose to us on the OneSignal Websites, such as name,     email address, phone number, and other contact information. For example, you     provide your personal information when you request information from us, fill     out a form on our website, or interact with us in other ways.
Internet or other electronic network activity information that is collected     by automated mechanisms (e.g., with cookies, unique IDs, pixels and other     locally stored objects), such as visitor interactions with the OneSignal     Websites. (You can learn more about these technologies below in the Section     titled “
Cookies, Pixel Tags and
SDKs
”). We may use third party-services such as Google Analytics, in which case     those third parties gather information such as your IP address, browser     type, the webpage from which you came to our website, and the times of your     access to the OneSignal Website. In addition, as you browse our website,     advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand     what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners may then help     us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the     OneSignal Website. To “opt out” of having your information used to tailor     ads to you in this way by third party ad platforms that we may work with or     provide data to, please review the Section below titled “
Consumer Control and Opt Out  Options
”  to learn how to opt-out of these services and instead receive     generic, non-tailored ads. When we do use these types of third party     advertising partners, we endeavor to limit and restrict their processing to     acting solely as our service provider and data processor.
Audio and electronic information of our Clients’, partners’, and vendor’s     employees and other representatives in connection with business calls and     business email communications.
Professional or employment related information about our Clients’,     partners’, and vendors’ employees and other representatives.
Sensitive information, as defined under applicable law, which may include     location data and account login data
Sensitive Information
If you are a California resident and you have created an online login     account with us, your account login information may be treated as sensitive     information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The     account is set up in your capacity as a representative of one of our     Clients. We use that information at your specific request and to perform our     services to the Client. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose     of inferring characteristics about you. Also, we do not sell sensitive     information and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive     information for the purpose of behavioral advertising. You may ask us to     delete this account information, but you will not be able to log in anymore     on behalf of the Client.
Sources of OneSignal Website Information
The categories of sources of the SDK Information include the     following:
Information provided by you
Information automatically collected from your use of the OneSignal     Website
Information collected in connection with our business relationship (e.g.     interactions with you as a representative of one of our Clients, partners,     or vendors)
How We Use the OneSignal Website Information
In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website     Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the     OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the     OneSignal Website Information, we are able to:
Perform our contract obligations, including maintaining and offering access     to the OneSignal Websites and Services and optimizing how they’re offered to     our Clients.
Send information about our products and services, including administrative     and marketing communications.
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries.
Customize the content and advertising you see on the OneSignal Websites,     across the Internet, and elsewhere.
Explore a potential acquisition or sale of our business
Prevent or stop activity that we may think is illegal; protect our rights,     privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; protect the     security of our services or website; comply with applicable law; comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; respond to requests or requirements     from public, law and government authorities and private parties; to enforce     our terms; allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages;     and exercise or defend legal claims.
Use your information in other ways with your consent or at your     direction.
How We Disclose the OneSignal Website Information
We may disclose the OneSignal Website Information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as third parties that help us to provide the     OneSignal Websites or Services and make them available and functional (such     as hosting services); entities that help us make available or transmit any     information we hold (such as helping us send emails, process payments, and     manage customer information); and entities that help us (including our     contractors, agents, and affiliates) provide technical, customer, billing,     administrative, event planning, marketing or operational services to us or     our Clients.
Corporate affiliates such as subsidiaries.
A third party as part of a business sale, merger, consolidation, investment,     change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or     liquidation, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an     event (e.g., due diligence).
A third party if we believe it is required: (a) to prevent or stop activity     that we may think is, or is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally     actionable activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property,     and that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security     of our services and website; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with     legal process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or     requirements from public, law and government authorities (including national     security and law enforcement requirements) and private parties; (g) to     enforce our terms and conditions; (h) to allow us to pursue available     remedies or limit potential damages; and (i) to exercise or defend legal     claims.
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah       Residents.
We do not sell your personal information or share your personal information     for targeted advertising purposes.
We may create deidentified information as part of providing our Services. We     commit to maintain and use deidentified information in deidentified form     only and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except we may     attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining     whether our deidentification process satisfies our commitment above.
We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal     or similarly significant effects concerning you.
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags and SDKs
Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such     as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your     computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your device or     browser. Our servers may send your device a cookie when you visit the     OneSignal Websites, and our Clients and partners may do likewise on our     OneSignal Websites, our Clients’ websites, and elsewhere. A pixel tag (also     commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel     that is placed on certain web pages. When you access web pages on which a     pixel tag is deployed, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the     visit and permit OneSignal, our Clients or partners to set or read cookies.     Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to anonymously track the     activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you     disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect an anonymous website visit.     OneSignal, alone or with our Clients and partners, may use cookies to, among     other things, “remember” you (e.g., when you visit the OneSignal Websites or     the websites of our Clients or partners), track trends, and collect     information about how you use our Clients’ or partners’ websites or interact     with advertising. We and partners we work with use cookies to provide     relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better     match your interests. We may sometimes use other locally stored objects in     ways similar to how we use cookies. Often, these objects are deleted when     you clear your browser cookie cache, but because this may not always occur     (depending on the browser you use), we recommend that if you wish to opt out     of notification features or third party interest-based advertising you     instead follow the steps we have set forth in Section 7 titled “
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options.
”
Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We may use or work with partners who use mobile SDKs (including our     own SDKs, which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect     information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising     IDs), and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact     with our Services and those using our Services. The SDK is computer code     that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,     data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use     this technology, for instance, to identify users through mobile applications     and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. We do     not collect advertising identifiers such as IDFAs or Android Advertising     IDs.
Social Media Widgets.
The OneSignal Website may include social media features, such as the     Twitter button, and widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive     mini-programs. These features may collect your IP address, which page you     are visiting on the website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to     function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a     third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these     features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing     it.
Do Not Track Signals.
OneSignal currently does not respond to browser do not track (DNT)     signals, so we may not be aware of, or may be unable to respond to, such     signals.
6. Data Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the SDK Information and Website Information     for as long as reasonably necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in     this Privacy Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve     disputes and enforce our agreements. We may delete user information from     certain apps that we deem as “inactive,” in-line with applicable privacy     laws and privacy best practices, and in response to requests from Clients     and individuals. In general, “inactive” apps include apps with no recent     messages sent or impressions made, no recent logins by accounts associated     with the app, and/or no meaningful changes in user counts.
When considering the retention period for personal information, we consider     the nature, sensitivity, and amount of the personal information, the     potential risk of harm from unauthorized disclosure or use, and our legal,     regulatory, tax, accounting and other similar obligations.
For customers on our free plan, we delete push subscribers that have not     been active for the past 18 months. Push subscribers are considered dormant     if the subscriber: (1) has not used the customer’s  mobile app or     visited the customer’s  website in more than 18 months, or (2)     OneSignal has not processed any data points for the subscriber in more than     18 months. For customers on active paid plans, their subscribers will be     retained until the customer chooses to delete them.
7. Data Security
We have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in     place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and     communications networks. These safeguards are designed to protect     information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use,     modification, or disclosure and to protect the confidentiality, integrity,     and accessibility of personal information. In addition, we are SOC 2 Type 2     certified and have a SOC 2 Type 2 report certifying that our security     policies and controls meet industry standards. This report captures how we     safeguard customer data and how well those controls are     operating.
Note that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure     and  we cannot guarantee absolute security of personal     information.
8. Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age     of 18. Our services and our website are directed to and intended for people     who are at least 18 years old or older. If you are a parent or guardian and     you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information,     please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal     information from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental     consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers and     databases.
If our Clients provide us with information about individuals under the age     of 18, as a service provider we rely on our Clients to obtain consent (if     required by applicable law) or provide opt out rights (if required by law)     and otherwise to provide such rights to individuals and their parents or     legal guardians as are required by applicable law, contract, or     otherwise.
9. Third-Party Websites and Apps
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites     and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the     OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also     beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies     and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the     industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy     Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the     Services.
10. European Data - Legal Grounds
If you are a visitor to our OneSignal Website from the European Economic     Area, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and     using the personal information described above will depend on the personal     information concerned and the specific context in which we collect     it.
Our legal grounds for processing your personal information may be one or     more of the following:
Consent: in some cases, we rely on your consent, which you can withdraw at     any time
Performance of a contract with you: we might need to process your personal     information to perform our obligations or to take steps prior to entering     into a contract with you
Compliance with law: in some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or     retain your personal data
Legitimate interests: we may also process your personal information where it     is necessary for our legitimate interests in a way that might be expected as     part of running our business and not overridden by your data protection     interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we process your personal information on behalf of a Client, we rely on     our Client’s legal ground for processing your personal information on their     behalf.
11. Individuals From Outside the United States
Data is hosted and stored in Europe and accessed in the United States, as     well as other countries where our offices or facilities are located or where     our service providers operate. The data protection and other laws of the     United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By     using the OneSignal Website or Services you consent to your information     being transferred to our offices and facilities and to those of our service     providers to whom we disclose it.
Standard Contractual Clauses
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or     Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is     transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory     that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection     laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal     information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses     (and the United Kingdom addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies     on these European standard contractual clauses for data transfers and the     Data Privacy Framework (see below).
Data Privacy Framework
OneSignal complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK     Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OneSignal     has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the     EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the     European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom in     reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OneSignal has certified to     the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data     Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland     in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the     terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the     Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF principles shall govern. To learn more     about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
OneSignal commits to applying the DPF’s Principles to all Personal Data     that OneSignal in the U.S. receives from European Economic Area member     countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland in reliance on the respective     DPF.
Our compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement     powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF, we     are also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal     information in a way that does not follow the DPF.
Please email us at
privacy@onesignal.com
with any questions, concerns, or complaints about our DPF certification. You     can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification     free of charge through JAMS (
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.     You can contact JAMS as described at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding     arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other     means, as described in Annex I to the DPF Framework (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/framework-text
)
OneSignal agrees to periodically review and verify its compliance with the     DPF Principles, and to remedy any issues arising out of failure to comply     with the DPF Principles. OneSignal acknowledges that its failure to provide     an annual self-certification to the U.S. Department of Commerce will remove     it from the Department’s list of DPF participants.
12. Consumer Control and Opt Out Options
You may have the following privacy rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, or request deletion
of your     personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to
opt-out of marketing communications
(including emails),     click on the “opt-out” link in our marketing communications or contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
See
Certain US Rights
and
Rights of Europeans
below for additional rights that may apply to you.
Opting Out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to     your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing     those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. Different device     configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these     settings work.
Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will     not affect notifications placed by any other organization.
Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising by Third Parties
You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that     facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital     Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at     http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific     to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or     delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way     will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see     less customized to you.
Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices by Third       Parties
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for     certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral     advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile     device.
Additional Choices – Our Clients
Our Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their     collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy     policies of our Clients to learn more about their privacy     practices.
Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services,     you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile     application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance     with their instructions and applicable legal requirements.
Additional Choices - Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, you may opt out of having your personal information used for a     purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was     originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We do not disclose     your personal data to third parties except to our service providers who act     on our behalf.  If we were to disclose your personal data to other     parties who are not our service providers, we would allow you to opt     out.
We ask that our clients not disclose to us any sensitive information about     you (e.g., personal information specifying medical or health conditions,     racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical     beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of     the individual). If we do receive sensitive information about you from our     clients, then European data protection law and the Data Privacy Framework     requires us to obtain your consent. We rely on our clients to obtain any     consent needed to disclose sensitive information to us.
13. Certain US Rights
As a California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut or Utah resident, you may     have the additional rights below.
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction
Right to deletion
Right of no discrimination and no retaliation
Right to appeal (certain states)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising, and     profiling).
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
Know, Access, and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you     about our collection and use of your personal information. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to     you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about     you.
Our purposes for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that personal     information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you – you can     then copy and port that information.
Correction
You have the right to request that OneSignal correct any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained. Once we receive     and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will correct your personal     information.
Deletion
You have the right to request that OneSignal delete any of your personal     information that OneSignal collected from you and retained, subject to     certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer     request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless     an exception applies under applicable law.
Right of No Discrimination and No Retaliation
We will not retaliate or discriminate against you for exercising any of     your rights under applicable law. You have the right not to receive     discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of these     rights.
Appeal Right – Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut Residents
If we decline to take action regarding your request, we will inform you of     that decision and the justification for declining to take     action.
If we decline to take action at the direction of our Client, you must     contact the Client directly to appeal the decision.
For Virginia residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email
.  Within 60 days after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of     any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is     denied, you may contact Virginia’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint.
For Colorado residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no later     than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to us via     email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 45 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. We may extend this period by 60 additional     days where reasonably necessary. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Colorado’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://coag.gov/file-complaint/.
For Connecticut residents, you have the right appeal our decision by no     later than 30 days after we inform you of our decision. Send your appeal to     us via email at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
with “Appeal Right” in the subject line of your email.  Within 60 days     after we receive your appeal, we will inform you of any action taken or not     taken in response to the appeal. If the appeal is denied, you may contact     Connecticut’s Attorney General to submit a complaint at     https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request you     are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction, or     deletion).
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal     information.
14. Rights of Europeans
In accordance with European data protection law and the Data Privacy     Framework, if your personal information is protected under applicable     European data protection law, you may have the following rights:
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Right in relation to automated decision-making and profiling*
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
*OneSignal currently does not engage in automated decision-making or     profiling.
Personal Information from Client
If you make a request relating to personal information that we process on     behalf of a Client, you will need to make the request directly with our     Client unless our Client has authorized us to respond directly to     you.
If you wish to exercise the rights above, contact us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal     information, the withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing     we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your     personal information conducted in reliance on other legal grounds other than     consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our     collection and use of your personal information. For more information,     please contact your local supervisory authority.
Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore Company       Workforce
This Privacy Notice for California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore     Company Workforce (“
Workforce Notice
”) applies solely to employees, controlling owners, directors, officers,     independent contractors, and medical staff (if any) of OneSignal who are     California, United Kingdom or Singapore residents (“you” or the “
Company Workforce
”). California, the United Kingdom, and Singapore job applicants can review     our careers privacy policy here:
https://onesignal.com/job-privacy
.
Information We Collect from Company Workforce
We collect the following categories of personal information from our     Company Workforce:
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our         Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes         set forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do         not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring         characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information,         and we do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for         the purpose of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we         collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the         following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health,           medical and other benefit plans, keeping track of your records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to           and administering 401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law,           evaluating performance, tracking efficiency and productivity,           protecting against disclosure of confidential information and trade           secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws and company           policies.
Independent contractors
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying           you, administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting           you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance,           tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of           confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance           with applicable laws and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We           may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,           administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,           contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring           compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
.           We may also use your information if we believe it is required or           appropriate: (a) to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or           is at risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable           activity; (b) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and           that of you and others; (c) to protect our operations and the security           of our Services; (d) under applicable law; (e) to comply with legal           process and our legal obligations; (f) to respond to requests or           requirements from public, law and government authorities (including           national security and law enforcement requirements) and private           parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to allow us           to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your           personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law               .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the         following categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information           for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal         information to other companies for their cross-context behavioral         advertising purposes. “Sell” and “share” are defined under the         CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because         OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for         cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and         profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain         processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore           Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable         consumer request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name and email address and the type of request           you are making (e.g., right to know, access, portability, correction,           or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite           200, San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make         a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You         may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor         child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal         information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the         request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer         request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the         request.
Category
Examples of information collected
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online           identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,           Social Security number (or local equivalent), driver’s license number,           passport number, visa information, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer           Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or           description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s           license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,           education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit           card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,           medical information, or health insurance information.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal           law.
Age (40 years or older), race, national origin, medical condition,           disability, gender, sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s           interaction with a website or application.
Geolocation data.
Physical location.
Audio and electronic data.
Recordings of virtual meetings, electronic communications, and           recordings from security cameras on office premises.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, resume information, or performance           evaluations.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sensitive personal information.
Social security number, driver’s license, passport number, company           account login, financial account information, precise geolocation,           race or ethnic origin, citizenship, immigration status, contents of           emails.
Sensitive Information
We collect the above examples of sensitive personal information from our     Company Workforce. We use this sensitive information for the purposes set     forth in “
Use of Personal Information
” below. We do not use sensitive information for the purpose of inferring     characteristics about you. We do not sell your sensitive information, and we     do not process or otherwise disclose sensitive information for the purpose     of behavioral advertising.
Sources of Collection
These are the categories of sources of your personal information that we     collect:
Directly from you
Automatically
From service providers
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information of the Company Workforce for the     following purposes:
Employees, directors and officers
: We may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     verifying work authorization, administering taxes and health, medical and     other benefit plans, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, contributing to and administering     401(k) plans, garnishing wages required by law, evaluating performance,     tracking efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of     confidential information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with     applicable laws and company policies.
Independent contractors
: We     may use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering taxes, keeping track of your records, contacting you,     facilitating payment to bank accounts, evaluating performance, tracking     efficiency and productivity, protecting against disclosure of confidential     information and trade secrets, and ensuring compliance with applicable laws     and company policies.
Controlling Owners
: We may     use your information for the following purposes: identifying you,     administering equity ownership and taxes, keeping track of records,     contacting you, facilitating payment to bank accounts, and ensuring     compliance with applicable laws and company policies.
Legal and Other Uses
. We may     also use your information if we believe it is required or appropriate: (a)     to prevent or stop activity that we may think is, or is at risk of being,     illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (b) to protect our     rights, privacy, safety or property, and that of you and others; (c) to     protect our operations and the security of our Services; (d) under     applicable law; (e) to comply with legal process and our legal obligations;     (f) to respond to requests or requirements from public, law and government     authorities (including national security and law enforcement requirements)     and private parties; (g) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (h) to     allow us to pursue available remedies or limit potential damages.
We may use your information as described to you when collecting your     personal information or as otherwise permitted under applicable law         .
Disclosing Personal Information
We disclose the above categories of personal information to the following     categories of third parties:
Service Providers.
Affiliates.
Buyer, investor, etc. of our business.
Legal and other Disclosures.
Other third parties with your consent.
No Sale of Personal Information and No Sharing Personal Information for       Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
We do not sell personal information. We do not share personal information     to other companies for their cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.     “Sell” and “share” are defined under the CCPA.
Your Rights
Your rights may include the following:
Right to know
Right to access
Right to data portability
Right to correction (or right to rectification in the UK)
Right to deletion (or right to erasure in the UK)
Right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment (CA)
Right to restrict processing (UK)*
Right to object to processing (UK)*
Right to withdraw consent (UK and Singapore)*
Right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority (UK)
Additional rights that are not applicable are not listed above because     OneSignal is not engaged in such activities (e.g., selling, sharing for     cross context behavioral advertising, targeted advertising,  and     profiling).
*Exercising these rights may not affect the lawfulness of certain     processing that we are required to do to comply with applicable     law.
Exercising Your California, United Kingdom, and Singapore Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer     request as follows:
emailing us at
Privacy@OneSignal.com
and including your full name     and email address and the type of request you are making (e.g., right to     know, access, portability, correction, or deletion), or
writing us at Privacy Policy, Attention: Legal, 201 S. B Street, Suite 200,     San Mateo, CA 94401
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a     verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may     also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor     child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information     if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and     confirm the personal information relates to you.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer     request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the     request.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms