Privacy
Aventiv Technologies
2025-02-20T14:33:26-06:00
Privacy Policy
Updated and effective: May 10, 2023
About Us and This Policy
Aventiv Technologies™ is a diversified technology company that provides innovative solutions to customers in the corrections and government services sectors. Aventiv® is the parent company of Securus Technologies®, JPay®, and Securus Monitoring®, (collectively referred to in this Policy as “Aventiv”), which are leading providers of innovative products and services. The collective power of these unified organizations delivers superior value and service to all of our customers nationwide.
This  Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to personal information collected by Aventiv and its subsidiaries through our websites,  mobile applications, and all products and services we offer  (collectively, the “Services”). This Policy describes our privacy practices, including how and why we collect your personal information and how we may use and disclose that personal information.
California residents may click
California Privacy Notice
to view our California Privacy Notice.
Your use of our websites, products, and Services constitutes your consent to these practices.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect personal information about you when you use our products and Services, mobile applications and websites automatically through cookies and other tracking technologies, and from our correctional facility partners. Personal information is information that, alone or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you as a specific individual (such as your name, email address, date of birth, postal address).
The table below sets forth the types of personal information we collect and how it may be used. The personal information we process about you may vary depending on your interaction with us.
Collection Sources
Types of Personal Information Collected
Purpose and Use of Personal Information
When you set up an account to use our products or Services and when you contact our customer care teams
Personal Identifiers
, such as your name, date of birth, social security number, email address, driver’s license or government ID, postal address and/or phone number
Customer records information
, such as your phone number, credit card information, and other financial information
Characteristics,
such as your age and your gender
Biometric information,
such as your voice during call recording with our service representatives
You provide this information to us when you register for our products and Services on our website or with a live agent over the phone. We use this information to:
Establish your account with Aventiv or our subsidiaries;
Send you communications about the services you requested, and promotional materials on our products and Services;
Fulfill customer service requests, such as troubleshooting applications;
Process your payments for the services you requested;
Monitor and improve our customer service; and to
Conduct statistical and research analysis to understand customer and market needs, improve our solutions and inform partnership and business development decisions.
When an individual becomes incarcerated at a correctional facility and uses our products or Services and when they contact our customer care teams
Personal Identifiers,
such as name and incarcerated individual ID
Customer records information,
such as phone number, projected release date, and court appearance dates
Characteristics,
such as age and gender
We process data on behalf of correctional facilities to:
Provide our products and Services to correctional facilities so that they may provide incarcerated individuals the ability to use our products and Services.
When Friends and Families use our products and Services to communicate with incarcerated individuals
Personal Identifiers,
such as PIN number of the incarcerated individual, names and postal address
Customer Proprietary Network Information
, such as time stamp, call length and phone numbers
Biometric information
, such as image, voice and voice patterns
Commercial records,
such as the content of their communications, products and Services purchased, financial information, for example bank account or credit card information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as IP address and MAC address computer, time and length of call
We process data on behalf of correctional facilities as part of our services to:
Allow friends and family to communicate with incarcerated individuals;
Abide by correctional facility rules and support law enforcement activities; and to
Conduct statistical and research analysis to understand customer and market needs, improve our solutions and inform partnership and business development decisions.
When using our money transfer and payment products
Personal Identifiers,
such as your name, social security number, driver’s license number and postal address
Customer record information,
such as your phone number, financial information, for example bank account or credit card information, type of payment and purpose of payment
You provide this information while using our services to allow us to:
Process payments and transfer funds from families and friends to incarcerated individuals;
Conduct credit checks for use of certain products;
Abide by correctional facility rules and support law enforcement activities, as required; and to
Conduct statistical and research analysis to understand customer and market needs, improve our solutions and inform partnership and business development decisions.
When you access our Services or use our mobile applications
Internet or other electronic network activity information,
such as IP or MAC addresses, cookies, and server log files
This information is automatically collected through our website and mobile applications to allow us to:
Improve your user experience on our websites; and to
Enable the basic features of our websites to function, such as allowing images to load.
When filling out a Contact Us and/or registration form
Personal Identifiers
such as your name, email address, postal address and phone number
Professional or employment-related information
such as where you work, phone number, job function, job title, and work address
You provide this information when filling out the form to allow us to:
Fulfill customer requests, such as troubleshooting applications or payment issues;
Deliver the resources and information you have requested from us; and to
Send you an optional customer satisfaction survey upon completing your customer service request.
When responding to a consumer opinion survey
Personal Identifiers
such as your name, job title and phone number
Commercial records
such as your survey responses and your organization name
You provide this information when responding to our surveys to allow us to:
Understand our customer base and improve our products and Services.
When applying for our job opportunities
Personal Identifiers
such as your name, email address, postal address and phone number
Professional or employment-related information
such as your job history and other information provided on your resume or through our application form
You provide this information through our
Careers site
to
allow us to:
Manage the application process
Assess your suitability for the position
When submitting a request through the Individual Rights Manager
Personal Identifiers
such as your name, postal address and email address
You provide this information through the Individual Rights Form on our website to allow us to:
Authenticate your identity to allow us to fulfill your request for access, correction or deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
When using our Stalker Alert Mobile App
Personal Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address and/or phone number
Internet or other electronic network activity information,
such as IP or MAC addresses, cookies, and server log files
Geolocation Data
, precise geolocation data
You provide the Personal Identifiers information when you elect to download the Stalker Alert Mobile App. The Internet or other electronic network activity information and geolocation data are collected through the Stalker Alert Mobile App to allow us to:
Notify you if the program participant’s GPS tracker is within a certain number of miles of your phone
Notify the law enforcement agency or designee if the program participant’s GPS tracker is within a certain number of miles of your phone
Note that the Stalker Alert Mobile App does NOT provide your geolocation data to the program participant, nor does it provide you with the program participant geolocation data.
Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We (and vendors acting on our behalf) may process personal information about you that we collect either directly, through forms or data entry fields on our websites or applications, or obtain through passive collection by cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your browser by websites and stored on your device for various purposes. Cookies help websites remember information about your visit, which can make it easier to use our Services, and improve your online experience.
We use session cookies, which are temporary cookies that terminate when you close your internet browser, and persistent cookies, which are stored on your device until they expire, unless you delete them before that time.
We may also use certain web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand and analyze how visitors use our Services. We use this information to implement Google advertising features such as interest-based advertising, audience targeting, user segment analysis, and impression reporting. For more information on how Google Analytics uses data, visit
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. To opt out of Google Analytics cookies, visit
https://myadcenter.google.com/
and
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Certain cookies on our websites may be used to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different devices and online services.
Your browser may allow you to review and delete cookies stored on your device, and/or to disable or otherwise prevent cookies from being placed on your device. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on our websites, and disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that rely on cookies to function. In addition, your browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you visit a website or use online services. Like many websites, our websites are not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from browsers. To learn more about “Do Not Track” signals, visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The table below sets forth how we may disclose your personal information.
Categories of Recipients
Purpose and Use of Disclosing Personal Information
Service Providers
To support the Services we offer to you,
we may disclose personal information with service providers that help us with our business activities.
Government and Legal Authorities
To respond to lawful requests,
we may disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by government and other legal authorities, including requests from national security agencies, courts, and law enforcement.
Law Enforcement
To support law enforcement activities,
under appropriate circumstances, we may disclose your information to law enforcement personnel and/or correctional facilities and certain third parties for use in connection with and in support of law enforcement activities. All calls, visits, and communications using our Services will be recorded and may be monitored in accordance with applicable law, with the exception of calls to numbers and visits with third parties exempted from recording by correctional facilities. All of this data may be stored, monitored, searched, analyzed and transferred amongst law enforcement agencies for law enforcement purposes.
Correctional Facilities
To fulfill our contractual service obligations with correctional facilities to allow them to
offer you our products and Services. When you use our Services to communicate with or process a transaction on behalf of an incarcerated individual housed within a correction facility, we process personal information for the facility, and the facility staff are able to access your personal information in order to operate these facilities, conduct investigations, and/or to verify transactions.
Affiliates
To manage our business and provide our Services,
we may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Business Transactions
We may disclose your personal information
in the event of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, asset sales, or other business transaction
(including negotiations of such transactions).
Safety, Fraud and Government Requests
We may disclose your personal information to support safety, fraud prevention, government requests and protection of our rights
where we believe in good faith it is necessary.
Interactive Features
We may engage vendors to provide certain interactive features when you use our Services. Your use of these interactive features is voluntary, and we may retain the information that you submit through the features. For example, we may offer an interactive chat feature to answer questions and for other customer service purposes. When you participate in the interactive chat, either with a virtual or live agent, the contents of the chat may be captured and kept as a transcript. By using these features, you understand that our vendors may process the information obtained through the feature to provide the service on our behalf.
Your Choices
If you receive marketing emails from us, you may opt out of future marketing emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email communications we send to you. Opting out of marketing communications will not affect our administrative communications to you (e.g., communications about your transactions or policy changes). You may unsubscribe from receiving text notifications from us by replying “Stop.” You may also be able to update your communication preferences through your account settings.
Securing Your Information
Aventiv takes safeguarding your personal information seriously. We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect personal information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. We also have implemented measures to maintain the ongoing confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems, products,  and Services that process personal information and will endeavor to restore the availability and access to data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident.
When you make a payment through an Aventiv company using your credit card or debit card, we use methods designed to keep your payment card information secure that comply with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI DSS”), at the highest security level. This applies to all card information Aventiv possesses or otherwise stores, processes, or transmits on your behalf. We also require the companies that provide services to us and store, possess, process, transmit, or otherwise handle card information in their data environment to acknowledge their responsibility for card data security. PCI DSS compliance is mandatory for ALL Aventiv associates, contractors, vendors, and business associates with roles involving an Aventiv data environment that is subject to PCI DSS. An independent PCI DSS examiner reviews and certifies our compliance annually.
Although we have implemented security measures and strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted or stored electronically.
Monitoring
To help protect you and others, we may monitor use of the Aventiv products and Services, and use your personal information and other information we collect, in order to: identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or seek prosecution for any potential threats to or misuse of the products and Services; ensure compliance with the applicable terms of service and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce the applicable terms of service and this Privacy Policy; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of us, our partners, and customers. Monitoring performed by correctional facilities using our products and Services includes the collection, recording, live monitoring and analysis of activity or communications. Call and video recordings are the property of the correctional facilities and used at their discretion. Standard practice, and at the discretion of the correctional facility, is to exempt juvenile activity and communications from monitoring. If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the products and Services.
Calls Exempt from Recording
Certain numbers (which are typically attorney numbers) may be exempted from recording by their designation as a Private Number. A number may be registered as a Private Number via contacting the applicable incarceration facility and following that facility’s procedures for Private Number registration. Once properly registered in accordance with the applicable incarceration facility, calls to a Private Number will, under applicable circumstances, not be recorded and cannot be monitored.
Only incarceration facilities may decide which numbers are Private Numbers and the circumstances in which those Private Numbers are excluded from recording and monitoring. The treatment of non-recorded calls may vary from facility to facility, and may include circumstances such as (1) designating a number as a Private Number for only one individual as opposed to all individuals incarcerated at a site or facility; (2) designating a number as a Private Number only for calls made at certain times of day; and (3) designating a number as a Private Number only for calls made on certain telephones designated for non-recorded calls.
Each incarceration facility maintains its own list of Private Numbers. Having a number designated as a Private Number at one facility does not necessarily mean that number will be treated as a Private Number for all individuals incarcerated at that facility or at other facilities, even if those incarcerated individuals or facilities are under the same agency or Department of Corrections. If a called party wants to designate their number as a Private Number for incarcerated clients in different facilities, they must register their number as Private at each of those incarcerated facilities and for each client. If a phone number is not designated as a Private Number, it will be recorded and may be monitored.
If calls occur before a number is designated by a facility as a Private Number for the relevant individual(s), calls to that attorney’s number from the relevant incarcerated person(s) are recorded and may be monitored.
IF YOU ARE USING SECURUS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES TO COMMUNICATE WITH AN INCARCERATED INDIVIDUAL, CONTACT THE RELEVANT FACILITY BEFORE COMMUNICATING TO CONFIRM THAT YOUR NUMBER WILL BE TREATED AS A PRIVATE NUMBER DURING YOUR COMMUNICATIONS.
RECORDED CALLS ARE PRECEDED BY A WARNING REGARDING THE RECORDING STATUS OF THE CALL, WHICH MAY VARY FROM FACILITY TO FACILITY. IF YOU HEAR ANY WARNING STATING THAT A CALL IS SUBJECT TO RECORDING, MAY BE RECORDED, OR WILL BE RECORDED,
THAT MEANS THE CALL IS NOT PRIVATE AND WILL BE RECORDED
. IF YOU HEAR SUCH A WARNING AND CONTINUE WITH THE CALL, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THAT CALL BEING RECORDED AND THE CONTENTS OF THE CALL RECORDING BEING SHARED WITH OR AMONG CORRECTIONS OR LAW ENFORCEMENT PERSONNEL.
Children’s Privacy
Our products and Services are not directed at children and are not intended for use by individuals under 18 years of age; we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If we become aware that we have inadvertently obtained personal information from a person under the age of 18, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
Links to other Websites
Our Services may include links to websites and online services that are operated by other companies not under the control or direction of Aventiv. If you provide or submit personal information to those websites or online services, the privacy policies on those websites or online services apply to your personal information. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of any website you visit.
Information for Users Outside the United States
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect through our Services will be processed in the United States. By using the Services, you fully understand and acknowledge that your personal information may be transferred to and processed in jurisdictions outside your own, including the United States, where the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside.
California Privacy Notice
This California Privacy Notice (“CA Notice”) provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, as modified by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CCPA”) supplements and should be read in conjunction with the Policy. The information in this section applies solely to consumers who reside in the State of California.
Unless otherwise noted, the disclosures in the Policy and this Notice that describe how and why we collect, use, and disclose personal information also describe how and why we have collected, used, and disclosed personal information within the past twelve (12) months.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may collect, use, and disclose your personal information as described above in this Policy, including the following categories that are considered “sensitive” personal information under the CCPA:
Personal information that reveals your Social Security number, driver’s license number, or state identification card number;
Personal information that reveals your precise geolocation;
Personal information that reveals the contents of your mail, email, and text messages where Aventiv is not the intended recipient of the communication; and
Biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying you.
The categories of personal information we collect and the sources from which we collect personal information varies based on our relationship or interaction with a specific California resident and the business purpose for which the personal information is collected.
Retention
We maintain the categories of personal information described above for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this CA Notice or otherwise authorized by law. This generally means holding the information for as long as one of the following apply:
Your personal information is reasonably necessary to manage our operations, to manage your relationship with us, or to satisfy another purpose for which we collected the information;
Your personal information is reasonably necessary to carry out a disclosed purpose that is reasonably compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected;
Your personal information is reasonably required to protect or defend our rights or property, which will generally relate to applicable laws that limit actions in a particular case; or
We are otherwise required or permitted to keep your personal information by applicable laws or regulations.
Where personal information is used for more than one purpose, we will retain it until the purpose with the latest period expires. For more information about our retention policies, please contact us using the contact details below.
Selling and Sharing of Personal Information
Aventiv does not sell personal information or share personal information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising. For purposes of this Notice, “sell” means the disclosure of personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration. We disclose personal information for business purposes as noted in the “
Disclosure of Personal Information
” section of this Policy.
California Consumer Rights
Subject to certain exceptions, as a California resident, you may have the following rights to your personal information:
Right to Access:
Request access to your personal information that we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold about you, including:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you, including:
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
Our business or commercial purposes for collecting or disclosing personal information;
The categories of recipients to which we disclose personal information; and
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, and for each category identified, the categories of recipients to which we disclosed that particular category of personal information; or
The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion:
Request deletion of your personal information, subject to certain limitations.
Right to Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct personal information we maintain about you that you believe is inaccurate.
Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing
. We do not sell or share the personal information of California consumers, as defined by the CCPA, so this right is not applicable.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal information
. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure applies under the CCPA.
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not discriminate against you based upon your exercising your rights with respect to your personal information.
Exercising Your Rights
If you are a California resident and wish to exercise any of these rights, please follow the link
here
or call us at 800-524-5547.
When submitting your request, you must include your first and last name, email address, and zip code or postal address. You may be asked to provide additional proof of identification so that we can verify your identity, and we may require that you validate your request. Please note that you may be limited in the number of requests you may submit per year.
Authorized Agents
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. In order to do so, Aventiv must verify your identity, and your authorized agent must have written permission from you. We reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they are authorized to act on your behalf.
Contact Us
If you have questions regarding this Policy or our privacy practices, you may send us an email at
privacy@aventiv.com
.
California residents who need assistance accessing the notice in an alternative format can contact us
privacy@aventiv.com
or call us using our toll-free number 800-524-5547.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We will update this Policy when necessary to reflect changes in our privacy practices or applicable law. We will indicate changes to this Policy by updating the “effective date” at the top of the Policy.
Individual Rights Form
Please do not submit any sensitive information about yourself or others in the Comments box.