ExpenSys Mobile Application: Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the ExpenSys software application (“Application”) on a mobile device as created by Escalus Software Systems Limited trading as ExpenSys (‘ExpenSys’).
Commitment to Privacy:
ExpenSys respects your privacy. Any information gathered via the Application is strictly for the use of your employer who is our customer, or for our own use in processing data on behalf of your employer, subject to the ExpenSys License Agreement and is not shared with any other entity, public or private, for any reason whatsoever.
Information we collect:
The only information we collect is User Provided Information in support of an expense claim to your employer. We do not collect any credit card information via the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. However, when the Business Journey functionality is activated the app will record the latitude and longitude at the point of action.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We do not share your information with third parties other than your employer, and only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may however disclose information provided by Users or automatically collected:
– as required by law in the jurisdiction in which the mobile device is used or in response to a government request for such information;
– when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, or to investigate fraud;
– when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect your safety or the safety of others;
– to analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising:
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information please do not use this application.
What are my opt-out rights?
Uninstallation of the Application is the only opt-out available. You can stop all collection of information by either not installing, or subsequently uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children:
The Application is only available to employees of our customers. Therefore we do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from, or market products to, children of any age for any reason. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
customerservices@ExpenSys.com
. We will delete such information from our files at the earliest opportunity and conduct a thorough management led investigation.
Security:
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information which in any event is subject to the ExpenSys License Agreement between ExpenSys and our Customer. In addition we provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorised employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes:
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Please contact us via email at
customerservices@ExpenSys.com
if you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application.
How we use the information collected:
We use the information collected to process expense claims made by you on behalf of your employer. Your name and email address are never shared with anybody whatsoever other than authorised employees of your employer, and never with other companies not defined as Associates of your employer under the ExpenSys License Agreement. We may use the information provided to improve our products and services.
Change of Ownership:
In the event that Escalus Software Systems Limited is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets and if there is any change in the ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information you will be notified via email and/or via a prominent notice on our Web.
Disclaimer of Liability:
While every effort is made to ensure that the information contained within this policy is accurate and up to date, ExpenSys, makes no warranty, representation or undertaking, whether expressed or implied, nor does it assume any legal liability, whether direct or indirect, or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information contained therein.