Privacy Policy
Introduction
This is the privacy policy of the apps that the production of Digital Gene. If you can not accept this privacy policy, please stop the use of the apps.
Information not available
This app does not request, collect, transfer or sell the information of the name, address, mail adress, credit card number, social security number, photos, contact address and the other app's data.
Information to be used
Information to be used depends on the application.
It has acquired "language settings” in-app the (language setting for the distribution of Web page of this site), but I do not do the transmission of information to the server otherwise.
Apps that include the world-wide leaderboard get "User name", "Unique Identifier" and "IP address" when sending scores.
					The only available for the world-wide leaderboards registration and display of the game data that is sent, we do not use any otherwise.
Digital Gene will change or remove inappropriate names from the World Ranking.
Your books series
Set by the in-app "name" "age" "sex" and the like are stored only within the app, it will not be sent to an external device.
Quick Family Tree
Family tree data is stored within the user's device. It will not be sent or stored on an external server.
Exported data and captured images will not be managed by the app. Please manage properly by the user.
Information to be provided to the advertising company
This app uses the advertising that has been served by a third party. Some information has been sent to the advertising company.
About access analysis tools
This website uses Google Analytics, an access analysis tool provided by Google.
"Google Analytics" uses cookies to collect user behavior history, which is retained for 26 months from the date of visit. However, cookies do not identify personal information such as the user's name, address, email address, or telephone number.
If you do not want your own cookies to be used, you can disable cookies in your browser settings. Please check the settings of each browser for details.
Privacy policy of advertising company.
Google
Date This Privacy Policy was updated on September 8th, 2023.