User Provided Information:
The Application obtains basic information you provide when you download the Application and establish a subscription. Subscribing with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you will not be able to use most of the features offered by the Application unless you are a subscriber.  The information obtained consists of name, email address, and a username and password that you provide.
Third Parties:
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
Cookies:
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to store your preferences.  Our website uses cookies to make your browsing experience easier.  For example, we may store a list of your favorite regions.  We do not use tracking cookies of any type, and do not share any of your preferences with 3rd parties.
Ad Servers:
We do not work with any 3rd party ad servers on our website or in our mobile application.
Location Services:
When you use the Terrafin Mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to display your location on the satellite images, and for distance and bearing calculations. We will not share your current location with others.  If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application
Children:
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at sstview@terrafin.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at sstview@terrafin.com, or by phone at 760-941-4931