Masterclass privacy policy
1. Object and scope
This privacy policy concerns services operated by
Cantina Software S.A.S.
, 60 rue Saint Sabin 75011 Paris - France (“Cantina”). Cantina is registered under the French companies registration of Paris (75) #524 287 646.
Cantina is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Cantina personal services consist of, among other things, software that can be embedded on a website or downloaded, any application or game or online forum available or not through social networking sites or running on Cantina servers (Cantina Application), any content, information or related documentation, any information or topics made available through Cantina Applications, any information or topics or user generated content made available through Cantina Applications, (collectively, the “Service”).
The aim of this privacy policy is to set out how Cantina collects, uses and protects any information that you give Cantina when you use this website. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in the privacy policy. Cantina may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you agree with any changes.
This policy was last updated on August 20, 2013.
2. What we collect, limits
We may collect the following data of your profile from you in order to grant access to the Service: name, address/location, gender, date of birth, playing habits and hobbies, contact details such as email address, home page or username for other social networks or instant messaging networks, that you provide.
If the Service is used through your Facebook social networking page, we do not collect any Personal Information provided by Facebook, in accordance with Facebook Privacy Policy. However, at this time and in accordance with such a Policy, we access and keep for a maximum of 24 hours the following information: first name and “fan” status. When required we will update our Privacy Policy to reflect any change of Facebook Privacy Policy.
When you identify yourself on a Service, you may identify yourself through a social network account in which Cantina may receive additional information about your profile and your ID for that site.
We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.), or we may be able to collect that information from social networking systems on which you have used Cantina Service (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
When you use a Service through your social network page, or use a social network app on someone else’s page, we may record information regarding the use of the concerned Service and also other information that can be visible on your social network profile and page in accordance with the relevant terms of use of this page. As an example, we may record and display information such as your high scores, forum ranks and titles, forum online status, game session duration and the game challenges, wish lists, offer lists, that you wish to send to your profile page, or when you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service.
Note: be advised that if you send messages or post material containing personal information on such a social network page, or post a topic to a publicly viewable page or accessible forum on Cantina Services, that information may be collected and used by others. You can terminate your account at any time which will remove your profile and other personal information from view. Cantina, however, may (but is not obligated to) keep information about you that is on its system following your termination. Please contact Cantina to terminate your account or for any other questions regarding your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Cantina. In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as payment & offer suppliers) who may provide payment services (trough micro-payments or ads) or CPA offers may collect or have others collect bank details, phone numbers or e-mail addresses from you. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them. You should always review the policies of third party services and websites to make sure you are comfortable with the ways in which they use information you share with them. We do not guarantee that they will follow our rules.
3. What we do with the information we gather
Note: we may transfer some of your information outside of your home country, or outside of France or Europe in order to manage your account. Some countries may not have equivalent data protection legislation protecting the use of your personal information. By submitting your information to Cantina Service as described above, you consent to such transfers taking place.
We do not sell or rent your Personal information to third parties but we may use certain information about you that is not personal. Cantina, certain of its partners and each of their contractors and employees may view the Content that you transmit to the Service to provide the Service or perform certain necessary tasks regarding the Service.
We use your personal information to manage your registration and to personalize your visits to the website, and the Service that you access. We may also display targeted advertisements on our website or Service pages based on your personal information but will not provide personal information to the advertisers if you view a targeted advertisement. Regarding, for example, certain characteristics (an age group, a gender…), or a segment of that group.
We may use aggregated information for the purposes of tracking website usage of the web site and in order to help us improve our Service and for research and analysis purposes. We may pass this information to third parties. The aggregate information and statistics will not, however, include details that can be used to identify you.
Cantina may disclose information about you to its third party partners in order to provide the Service, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Service, to communicate with you about the Service or Payments or CPA Offers, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Service, and to enhance your experience on the Service. However, this does not grant an independent right to share this information.
4. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure.
5. Transfer of information
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Cantina or in case of merger or other acquisition with another company related to the business or Service which collected such information.
6. How we use cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed on your computer's hard drive with your permission. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual by recognizing you when your return on the site. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies may be associated with these advertisements to enable the advertiser to track the number of anonymous users responding to the campaign. We do not have access to or control of cookies placed by third parties
6. Links to other websites
Cantina Services may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites or third party services. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
7. Access right and rectification
You are entitled to access and rectify the information held about you. If you wish to do this, please contact us at privacy@masterclassapp.com. You may provide verification of your identity to provide a copy of the information we hold.
8. User content and public information including Online Forum, User Generated Content, Blogs and Profiles
When you use the Service, you can choose to disclose any information about yourself to Cantina sites or games through Social Networks or not, in chat or in blogs, message boards, online forums, messages boards (“Public Sites”) and other functionality and may provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, distribute or broadcast content and materials to Cantina and/or to or via Cantina Application, including, without limitation, text, writings, photographs, graphics, comments, suggestions or personally identifiable information or other material ("User Content").
Any material or information you transmit to Public Sites are public information and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and cannot be considered as private or covered by the terms of this privacy Policy. You may not expect any personal data protection in such a case.
You may be aware that, by disclosing publicly such information about yourself or any information you may consider as personal:
any of this information can be read, collected or used by other users of theses public spaces without your consent
any of this information can be used to send you unsolicited messages
any of this information could be used maliciously by other users to find personal protected information such as passwords and ID and access your accounts
In any of these cases, Cantina is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you may choose to disclose publicly to any of those Public Sites, nor any use that could be done by other users of such personally identifiable information. Cantina is not responsible for any use of such a User Content posted on any Public Site
You agree that you own the rights on any User Content posted on a Public Site, including the right to grant all of the rights and licenses in these Terms without Cantina incurring any third party obligations or liability arising out of its exercise of the rights thereto granted herein by you.
You grant to Cantina the unconditional, unrestricted, unlimited, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual royalty-free right and license to use, distribute, reproduce, host, copy, disclose, sell, resell, transmit, publish, sublicense, display, perform, broadcast, modify, make derivative works from, retitle, store, translate, archive, or otherwise exploit in any manner whatsoever, all or any portion of your User Content to which you have contributed, for any purpose whatsoever, in any and all formats; on or through any and all media, software, formula or medium now known or hereafter known; and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed and to advertise, market and promote same.
It is specified that Cantina cannot exercise editorial control except to enforce the rights of third parties and Content Restrictions when violations are brought to Cantina attention within the requirement of the applicable law.
Cantina has no obligation to accept, display, review, monitor, maintain or enforce any user intellectual property of any User Content. User Content can be deleted at any time by Cantina from any Public Site without notice for any reason.
9. Parental participation
As a reminder of Facebook Policy, if you are under age 13, please do not attempt to register for Facebook or provide any personal information about yourself. In such a case, you are not allowed to Play or access Cantina sites or Games or any of our Public Sites. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us at privacy@masterclassapp.com.
We strongly recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before contacting any other users through Cantina Services, sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet, or through any Public Sites and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe internet use practices. Parental control should be activated through the operating system or browser used by any minors. Cantina disclaim any liability for possible Cantina Services used by minors unsupervised.
Materials to help parents talk to their children about safe internet use can be found on this Facebook help page.
© 2013 Cantina Software SAS, All rights reserved.
Localized versions of this document exist in:
Spanish
,
French
,
German
,
Norwegian
,
Swedish
,
Dutch
,
Korean
,
Chinese
,
Russion
Portuguese
,
Italian
,
Japanese
,
Danish
.
©2013 Cantina Software SAS -
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
.
Terms Of Service
.
Become a teacher
Suggest a song
Customer Support
Follow us on Twitter
Features
Teachers
Community
Lessons
Get the app
Deutsch
English
Español
Français