Fast Scanner Privacy Policy
This privacy policy of the latest version of Fast Scanner for Android devices that was created by CoolMobileSolution.
1. The free version (with in-app purchase):
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coolmobilesolution.fastscannerfree
2. The paid version:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coolmobilesolution
Your scanned documents
Your scanned documents are saved locally on your devices. 
Users are able to set up auto upload to cloud storage (Google Drive, Dropbox or OneDrive) 
so that their data won't lost and they can access them anywhere. 
The upload process will run automatically when Fast Scanner app is in background. 
Fast Scanner requires App Folder permission only for cloud storage services. 
It means Fast Scanner only accesses (read, write and delete) files created by Fast Scanner app, 
our app can't access other user's data on their cloud service.
Access and Security
All communications between our applications, our servers are encrypted.
We are using external services below to operate Fast Scanner:
1. Google Firebase:
analytics, error reporting
2. Google Admob:
display ads
App permissions
To operate, Fast Scanner requires the following permissions:
1. Storage:
save your scanned documents to phone storage.
2. Camera:
using phone's camera to scan document.
Your rights
The app uses Google Firebase SDK for analytics.
    For example, to see how many users are using a particular feature,
    to monitor app health, to diagnose and fix bugs or crashes,
    or to make future performance improvements.
    You are able to request data deletion for the data related for the firebase installation id.
    All your scanned documents are still available on your device.
From version 4.5.0 (paid version) or 4.6.0 (free version), 
	you are able to go to
Settings > Data Deletion Request
to request data deletion for the data related for the firebase installation id.
    All your scanned documents are still available on your device.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy any time. Please check frequency to the latest update.
Contact us
If you have any question about Fast Scanner privacy. 
Please contact us at fastscanner@coolmobilesolution.com