What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you respond to a survey.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used  to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age without the explicit permission of their parents/guardians.
PARENTS
We are committed to the safety and privacy of children who visit and participate in our Services.
We encourage parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13 without the explicit permission of their parents/guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly either obtain parental consent or remove the information.
CHILDREN
Remember to be smart and safe online. Always ask your parent or guardian for permission before you give out any personal information. This could include your name, email address, home address, telephone number, where you go to school or any other information about yourself that would enable someone to contact you either online or offline.
From time to time we run online competitions for you to enter. Always remember to ask your parent or guardian for permission before entering any competition on our site
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our
online privacy policy
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.onteca.com
37 Windsor Street
Liverpool, Merseyside L8 1XE
UK
info@onteca.com
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support. Compare Rhino Support to
kayako Supportsuite
and save!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/:
www.freeprivacypolicy.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.freeprivacypolicy.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.freeprivacypolicy.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue