Privacy Policy
Introduction
The purpose of this policy is to present the rules relating to the protection of personal data, which, as a data controller, Invaders Corp SAS agrees to respect.
The rules come in particular from Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 27, 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation, hereinafter “GDPR”).
This document is subject to change, in particular when necessary to meet the legislation requirements for the protection of personal data. We therefore encourage you to visit this page regularly.
Contact details of the data controller
Invaders Corp SAS
144 quai de Jemmapes, 75010 PARIS
contact@lalalab.com
Data Protection Officer:
M. Philippe PAYS -
dpo@lalalab.com
Purposes and legal bases of processing
For the purposes of its activities, LALALAB. uses several personal data processing operations. The purposes of its processing are to:
Manage contact and support requests
Manage the accounts of users of the site
Verify authentications
Prospect new customers and maintain contact with existing customers
Send targeted advertising messages to users’ devices
Send notifications to users
Make the site attractive and optimize navigation
Manage user profiles
Optimize the selection of products and services offered to the user according to their profile
Manage orders, deliveries, invoicing, payments, accounting
Establish activity statistics
Design new products and services
Manage requests from people who wish to exercise their rights to their data.
According to these different purposes, LALALAB. ensures that one of the following conditions is met:
The consent of the natural person has been collected for one or more specific purposes
The processing is necessary for the execution of a contract to which the natural person is party to or for the execution of pre-contractual measures taken at the latter’s request
The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which LALALAB. is subject
The processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by LALALAB., unless the interests of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the natural person concerned prevail
Types of data collected
To carry out the processing for which the purposes have been described above, we collect, directly or through third party services, the following data:
site connection identifier
user’s IP address
contact details of the site’s users, customers and prospects
email address
telephone number
date of birth
language spoken
delivery addresses for orders
method of payment used
unique identifier of the device used
the device’s peripheral access permissions
geographic location
permission to access social network data
information retrieved from social networks
data concerning the acceptance of trackers
browsing preferences
history of pages visited
order history
claims history
history of after-sales service requests
images deposited in our databases
Profiling
LALALAB. uses the personal and usage data collected to create or update user profiles.
This type of data processing allows us to evaluate users’ choices, preferences and behavior for the purposes described in the relevant section of this document.
User profiles may also be created through the use of automated tools such as algorithms, which may also be provided by third parties.
The user always has the right to object to this type of profiling activity. To learn more about the user’s rights and how to exercise them, the latter is invited to consult the section of this document detailing the rights of the User.
Data recipients
The data collected and the results of the processing are intended for our authorized personnel according to their role in the company. Some of our processing is subcontracted to data hosts or service providers who carry out certain operations.
Place of processing execution
All processing of personal data is done in European Union countries.
Data retention period
The data is kept for the time necessary for the purposes for which is it processed:
LALALAB. puts in place the appropriate technical and organizational measures to guarantee a level of security adapted to the risks and to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or destruction of data.
In addition, LALALAB. employees are required to respect the confidentiality of the data we process.
Rights of persons
Under the conditions of articles 15 and 22 of the GDPR, natural persons have the right to:
Access personal data concerning them and processed by LALALAB.
Request the rectification, erasure or limitation of the processing of their personal data carried out by LALALAB.
Under certain conditions, oppose the processing of their personal data
Request the portability of their personal data
Withdraw consent when consent is the legal basis for processing;
Requests related to these rights can be made by contacting our Data Protection Officer directly, Mr Philippe PAYS:
dpo@lalalab.com
LALALAB. reserves the right to request clarification on any request and to justify the identity of the applicant.
An unsubscribe link is also available in our email marketing communications.
In the event of difficulty when exercising their rights, any person may file a complaint with the CNIL:
www.cnil.fr