Privacy Policy
Last Update: June 12, 2018
Success Wizard, Inc. ("Success Wizard", "we" or "us") values your privacy. With this in mind, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in connection with our Internet web site located at
www.successwizard.com
("Site"), Success Wizard’s mobile applications ("Apps"), and our coaching and other services (collectively, the "Services").
1. Privacy Policy Updates
Success Wizard may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any updates will be posted to our updated Privacy Policy page on our Site, along with notice that the Privacy Policy has been changed and the date of the last update. Success Wizard may also send registered users and subscribers e-mail notifications of any changes to the Privacy Policy. Success Wizard encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Services and/or continued provision of Personally Identifiable Information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
2. Information Collection
Personally Identifiable Information
You can generally visit our Site without revealing any information that can be used to identify you ("Personally Identifiable Information"). However, when you register for an account or otherwise use certain Services, we may collect or receive Personally Identifiable Information that includes:
Registration data, such as your name, e-mail address, contact information, and password;
Information and other material (in text, picture, video and other formats) you provide Success Wizard through the use of the Services through questionnaires, exercises, journals and other means;
Information you allow us to collect on your device, such as contact lists, calendar and photos, as well as information we collect from the device tools you grant us access to, such as your camera, microphone, and other apps;
Information we generate in providing you the Services, such as your goals, action plans, schedule, results, accomplishments, performance and progress; and
Information you provide to your coach in connection with any coaching services you purchase.
Our third party payment processors may collect your payment information for billing purposes and provide us with your name, email address and billing address (Success Wizard does not collect your payment information directly or store such billing information on our servers). Other third party service providers may automatically collect and record certain information, such as device model, IP address, usage pattern through cookies and browser settings, and social media information. Such third party service providers perform analytics on this data on our behalf, which helps us improve our Services.
Additionally, if you purchase coaching services, your coach will maintain the confidentiality of any Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to your coach directly, except as required by law.
Automatically Collected Information
Our servers may automatically record certain information about how you use our Services ("Log Data"), which may include information such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, device type, operating system, pages visited, and the time and date of the visit. We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve, customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our user’s needs and preferences. We may use Log Data to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used. We also may use automated data collection tools such as cookies and web beacons. Web beacons are tiny graphics with unique identifiers that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to track and measure the performance of our Services and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Our Cookie Policy below explains how we use cookies.
3. Information Use
We may use your Personally Identifiable Information:
To register you to use our Services and to provide our Services to you,
To deliver certain Services or information you have requested,
To verify your authority to enter our Site and Apps,
To improve the content and general administration of the Services,
To provide you with notices regarding our Services, and
For internal purposes, such as measuring performance and technical purposes.
As part of our Services, you may elect to "share" certain parts of your non-public or Personally Identifiable Information with specific persons. If you elect to share your non-public or Personally Identifiable Information with specific persons, we will ask for that third party's email address and we will only use their email address to send them or provide them with access to your non-public or Personally Identifiable Information that you have specified.
For users in the European Union, our processing of your Personally Identifiable Information is justified on the following legal bases: (a) the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request; (b) he processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using applicable data to conduct and develop our business activities; or (c) you have consented to the processing.
4. Children's Privacy
Success Wizard recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The Services are not intended for children under the age of 16. Success Wizard does not target its Services to children under 16. Success Wizard does not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 16.
5. Cookies
We may use cookies to improve overall experience of the Services, collect Site visitation data and aggregate information, and allow you to use the Services without having to re-enter information on every page. A cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive to collect information and track usage. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. Some of our advertisers and partners may use cookies as well, and Success Wizard does not have control over the cookies used by advertisers and partners.
Success Wizard uses three types of cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary Cookies – Necessary cookies are first party cookies that are essential to navigate the Services.
Statistics Cookies – Statistics cookies collect anonymous data for statistical purposes on your use of the Services. We use information supplied by statistics cookies to help understand how you use the Services, to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing, and to improve and customize the Services. These cookies don’t contain Personally Identifiable Information and are generally set by independent analytics companies.
Preferences Cookies – These cookies are used during your visit to the Services to remember information you have entered or choices you make, and they permit us to remember your preferences for future visits.
You can manage and disable statistics cookies or preferences cookies through our Cookie Management Tool or by sending an email to contact@successwizard.com. If you would like to avoid cookies, your web browser may have an option that enables you to disable or not accept cookies. Note that disabling or not accepting cookies may prevent portions of the Services from functioning properly.
6. Aggregate Information
The Services may track information that will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and will not contain your Personally Identifiable Information. For example, aggregate information may include the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site or Apps, browser type, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to and IP addresses. We may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, and we may use such aggregate information to administer the Services, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
7. Disclosure
If you have elected to share certain of your Personally Identifiable Information with specific persons, we will email the specific information you elect with those persons that you specify.
We may provide your Personally Identifiable Information, data generated by cookies and aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our Services to you for their use solely to provide us with such assistance.
We will also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an ongoing investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the Success Wizard Terms of Use agreement or to protect our rights or (c) to protect the safety of users of our Services.
We will not sell your Personally Identifiable Information to any company or organization, but we may transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to a successor entity upon a union, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Success Wizard participates or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of Success Wizard's assets to which this Agreement relates.
8. Retention of Information
Generally, we keep Personally Identifiable Information only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. However, in some circumstances, we may retain such information for other periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so by law or a legal process, for so long as required. In specific circumstances, we may also retain your Personally Identifiable Information for longer periods of time corresponding to a statute of limitation, so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.
9. Links to Third Party Sites
The Services and emails we send to you may provide links to other web sites or resources over which Success Wizard does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Success Wizard of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Success Wizard is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Success Wizard is not responsible for the content and offerings of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked External Web Sites. Any purchase you make on a third-party site is your responsibility.
10. Security
We employ procedural and technological measures consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Services. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. In addition, the security of data that you request us to export to a PDF or Excel file is limited by the inherent security of email. By using the Services, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
11. International Transfer
Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your information will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account or use the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
12. Your Rights and Choices
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information and we’ll respect the choices you make. Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the Personally Identifiable Information that we request, you may not be able to access all the features of the Services. You may exercise any of the rights described in this section below by sending an email to
contact@successwizard.com
. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request.
Opt-Out.
We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our Services. When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" (either through your account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). Please note, however, that we do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding updates to this Privacy Policy or information about billing. Where your Personally Identifiable Information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may, at any time ask Success Wizard to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to
contact@successwizard.com
.
Accessing, Modifying and Deleting Your Information.
You can access, update or modify the information associated with your account on your user profile page within your account or by sending us an email at
contact@successwizard.com
. If you want us to delete your information and your account, please contact us at
contact@successwizard.com
with your request. We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon as we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. You further have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your account).
Data Portability.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to request copies of your information held by us. You may also be entitled to request copies of information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).
Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing.
Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your Personally Identifiable Information by Success Wizard, you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a communication to Success Wizard specifying which consent you are withdrawing. Please note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal. Additionally, in some jurisdictions, applicable law may give you the right to limit the ways in which we use your Personally Identifiable Information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your Personally Identifiable Information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personally Identifiable Information; (iii) we no longer need your Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing pursuant to your right to object to processing (below) and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Success Wizard override your own.
Objection to Processing.
In some jurisdictions, applicable law may entitle you to require Success Wizard not to process your Personally Identifiable Information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest. If you object to such processing, Success Wizard will no longer process your Personally Identifiable Information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
13. Questions
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at
contact@successwizard.com