Welcome to use the services provided by Butter Camera! Muke Company (referred to in this privacy agreement as Beijing Muke Technology Co., Ltd., hereinafter also referred to as "we") attaches great importance to the protection of your privacy and personal information. This privacy agreement applies to your access and use of the services provided by Butter Camera through any means.
Butter Camera is a product for beautification and interactive communication of pictures and videos. You can use Butter Camera to achieve personalized editing services for pictures or videos (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Butter Camera products or services"). We will only process the personal information necessary for you to use our products or services.
This privacy agreement applies to the software development kits (SDK) and application programming interfaces (APIs) you use through Butter Camera’s web and mobile terminals (including but not limited to Apps and mini-programs), for third-party websites and applications. and other ways to access and use our products and services.
Butter Camera includes but is not limited to multiple application versions such as iOS and Android. When using Butter Camera, please choose the version that matches the installed terminal device. The personal information that Butter Camera may obtain depends on the version of the Butter Camera application you are using, the specific type/version of the terminal device you are using, and the functions you are using.
This privacy agreement is designed to help you understand what personal information we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it and how we protect it. We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Agreement, but will not collect all of your personal information in a mandatory manner just because you authorize and agree to this Privacy Agreement.
We will strictly comply with legal and regulatory requirements and obtain your separate consent in specific circumstances. In addition to this privacy agreement, we may also explain to you our rules for processing your personal information through product page notifications, pop-up prompts, information push, etc. The processing of personal information corresponding to specific business functions will be subject to specific rules. , the specific rules have the same effect as this Privacy Agreement.
Unless otherwise provided by laws and administrative regulations, you have the right to know and decide how we process your personal information, and you have the right to restrict or refuse us or other parties from processing your personal information; at the same time, you have the right to request We explain the personal information processing rules we provide to you. Please read and understand this privacy agreement carefully before using Butter Camera and related products and services in order to make appropriate choices.
This Privacy Agreement will help you understand the following:
1. Information we collect and corresponding purposes of use
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How we share, transfer, publicly disclose, and entrust the processing of your personal information
4. How we store and protect your personal information
5. Your rights
6. How we handle minors’ personal information
7. Revision of Privacy Agreement
8. How to contact us
We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and we also know that providing effective protection of your information is the cornerstone of the healthy and sustainable development of our business. Thank you for your use and trust in Butter Camera! We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and abide by the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the least sufficient principle, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. .
We solemnly promise that
we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information in accordance with mature security standards in the industry.
1. Information we collect and corresponding purposes of use
We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with the principles of lawfulness, legitimacy and necessity. Specifically,
we collect and process your personal information in order to provide you with corresponding business functions.
In the corresponding function, if you provide other people's personal information, please ensure that you have obtained authorization from the relevant subject. We reserve the right to verify the legal source of such personal information at any time.
You need to provide us with personal information for us to implement basic business functions of registration and login (mobile phone number login and third-party platform login, etc.), purchase and payment of physical goods. The information necessary to realize basic business functions is necessary personal information. If you refuse to provide these necessary personal information, we will not be able to provide you with the basic business functions and corresponding services.
In addition to basic business functions, you may choose to provide us with some personal information for us to implement expanded business functions such as publishing, participating in operational activities, and customer service processing. We will inform you of the purpose of use and process this personal information based on your authorization or the purposes necessary to achieve the expanded business functions you choose. Your refusal to provide such extended business function information will not affect your use of our basic business functions. However, if you refuse to provide the personal information necessary to realize the extended business functions, we will not be able to provide you with the extended business functions.
To facilitate your understanding, the business functions we provide, the purposes of processing and the personal information required are listed below:
1.1. Register and log in to your account
If you use the functions or services provided by Butter Camera, such as taking pictures or filming, editing pictures or videos, publishing, etc., you need to register and log in to a Butter Camera account. You can create a Butter Camera account through your mobile phone number or email, and you can complete your account information.
When registering and logging in to a Butter Camera account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number. You can choose to set the account name, avatar, login password, and account binding email address.
You can also use a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ, Facebook) to log in to Butter Camera. At this time, you will authorize Butter Camera to obtain the public information you registered in the third-party account (including your nickname, avatar and other information authorized by you).
You can choose whether to log in to Butter Camera through the "one-click login" method. If you choose this login method, the operator will process your mobile phone number information.
1.2. Publishing and interaction
When you publish pictures or video content, we will collect the video or picture content you upload as well as text content such as titles, and display your nickname, avatar, published content and other information.
When you share information or receive shared information, we will read the passwords, links and other content in the clipboard to jump and share the information content.
When you follow or share an account, or browse, collect, follow, comment, like, and forward, we will collect your aforementioned information and display the content published by the account of the corresponding content publisher.
In principle, the information you choose to publish publicly will be visible to all users. If it involves your personal information or even sensitive personal information, please consider it carefully. If the information you publish publicly involves other people's personal information, you must obtain their consent before disclosing it.
1.3. Filming and Recording
Butter Camera provides you with shooting and recording functions.
If you use the shooting and recording function service, we will apply for the camera, microphone and storage (or album) permissions of your device system. With your authorization and consent, you can use the shooting and recording functions.
You can learn more about the photo or recording function services through "Home Page - Editing - Shooting or Recording" in Butter Camera.
You can obtain your camera, microphone, storage (or photo album) permissions by canceling the system authorization at any time. Afterwards, you may not be able to use the above-mentioned related services or functions, or be unable to achieve the intended purpose of the above-mentioned related functions and services. effect, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Butter Camera that are not based on the above permissions.
1.4. Image or video editing
Butter Camera provides you with picture or video editing functions.
If you use editing functions or services, we will apply for storage (or photo album) permissions on your device system. With your authorization and consent, you can store your edited pictures or video content.
You can learn more about editing function services through "Home Page - Editing" in Butter Camera.
You can at any time cancel the system authorization for Butter Camera to obtain your storage (or photo album) and stop our collection of your information. After that, you may not be able to use the above-mentioned related services or functions, or be unable to achieve the above-mentioned related functions. The effect intended to be achieved by the service will not affect your normal use of other business functions that are not based on the above permissions.
1.5. Intelligent (one-click) beauty treatment
Butter Camera provides you with automatic face-based beautification function.
If you use the smart (one-click) beauty service, we will only collect and process your facial information locally to complete the smart (one-click) beauty function or service.
You can learn more about the
intelligent (one-click) beauty service through "Edit-Portrait-One-click Beauty" in Butter Camera.
Our processing of your facial information is only completed locally and is only used for this function, and unless otherwise explicitly stated and with your consent, we will not return, store or share any of your facial feature value information.
1.6. New service and function operation and customer service processing
Butter Camera will launch operational activities for newly launched services and functions from time to time. If the launch of a new service requires processing your personal information or applying for device system permissions without your prior authorization and consent, we will obtain your consent separately, among which , if the processing of sensitive personal information is involved, we will obtain your separate consent.
If you participate in relevant operational activities, we may collect, including but not limited to, your
identity information,
contact information, and
transaction account information through the operational activity interface in order to obtain information from you
Contact us and send you operational rewards, etc. If you do not participate in relevant operational activities, you do not need to provide the aforementioned information.
If you have questions about the products and services we provide or need customer service intervention for dispute resolution, in order to verify your identity and locate your problem, you may be required to provide your
identity information
for verification. In order to ensure call quality and ensure that disputes are properly resolved, we may save records of your communication with us, including
call records,
the information you provide related to your dispute resolution, the information you use or provide Contact information.
1.7. Browse
When you use Butter Camera, in order to better fulfill the network security obligations and Internet information content management responsibilities stipulated in laws and regulations, and to display more relevant and more interesting content to you, our server will automatically Record your activity information, including the following:
Your browsing history
Your collection, publishing, following, commenting, liking, forwarding and sharing and other behavior records
1.8. Message notification
Please be aware and agree that we may send multiple types of notifications to one or more of the contact information (such as contact number) you provide when using the products and/or services during our operations. Used for user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, etc. In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, functions or activities that may be of interest to you by text message or phone call. If you do not want to accept this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in the mobile phone text message. Subscription, or you can contact us directly to unsubscribe.
1.9. Ensure service security, optimize and improve service purposes
When you use Butter Camera, in order to ensure your normal use of Butter Camera service, more accurately locate and solve the problems you encounter when using Butter Camera service, improve and optimize the service experience of Butter Camera, protect the security of your account, prevent, To discover and investigate behaviors that are fraudulent, endanger safety, illegal or violate agreements, agreements or rules with us, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, us or our affiliates, partners and the public, we will collect your device information, Log information and other information related to the login environment.
Please understand that when you switch Butter Camera on the device screen to run in the background of the device, due to some device models and system reasons, the information collection behavior generated by your previous use of Butter Camera-related functions may not be stopped immediately, resulting in Brief background information collection behavior.
1.10. Convergence and integration of information
Aggregation and fusion: You agree that we will aggregate, fuse, identify, analyze, profile or further process the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service through our own or entrusted technology, and form multiple types and different granularity capabilities. Tag information that reflects your behavioral habits, interests, hobbies, or credit status (hereinafter referred to as
"tag information"
),
           In addition to the aggregation and integration of information in this service, we may associate and aggregate the information collected from your various devices.
           So that we can provide you with consistent service across these devices.
Under the condition of ensuring that personal information is under the control of the same business entity and does not change the data security capabilities and management level,
             In order to provide you with a consistent experience, the personal information you actively or passively provide in this service may be aggregated and integrated with the personal information you actively or passively provide in other products and services we operate.
             It may be further processed to form label information and used in the process of us providing you with this service or other products and services we operate. Such aggregated information does not contain information that can directly identify you personally.
             We will ensure the safe processing of information after aggregation and fusion.
Personalized recommendations:
We will recommend content that may be more interesting to you and more relevant to you based on your browsing history, behavior records and other information within the Butter Camera app. In the personalized recommendation service, we will also provide you with a convenient way to refuse. For details, please see “5.9.
           Display and control of personalized content and advertising”
1.11. Indirect collection of information
In order to jointly provide you with products/services or improve the quality and personalization of products and services, or for reasonable needs such as considering the safety of products and services, we may collect information from the Baidu platform, Affiliates, partners and other trusted third-party providers receive your personal information and other information. We will ask the personal information provider to explain the source of personal information in advance and confirm the legality of the source of personal information. At the same time, we will understand the scope of authorization and consent the personal information provider has obtained for the processing of personal information, such as necessary to conduct business. If the personal information processing activities carried out exceed the scope of the authorized consent obtained, we will obtain your express consent within a reasonable period after obtaining the personal information or before processing the personal information, or obtain your express consent through the personal information provider. agree.
1.12. Exceptions to prior authorization and consent
Please note: In the following situations, the collection and use of personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent:
Directly related to national security and national defense security;
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which the individual is a party;
Necessary to perform legal duties or legal obligations;
In response to public health emergencies, or when necessary to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
To protect your or other individuals’ life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, collect personal information within a reasonable scope that you have disclosed to the public on your own or that has been legally disclosed by others;
Collect your personal information from legally publicly disclosed information within a reasonable scope in accordance with laws and regulations, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
Implement news reporting, public opinion supervision and other activities for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable scope;
When it is necessary for an academic research institution to conduct statistical or academic research based on public interests, and when providing externally the results of academic research or descriptions, the personal information contained in the results will be de-identified;
Other situations stipulated by laws and regulations.
1.13. Anonymization of personal information
On the premise of not publicly disclosing or providing your personal information to the outside world, Muke Company has the right to mine, analyze and utilize the anonymized user database (including commercial use), and has the right to make statistics on the use of products/services. and share anonymized statistical information with the public/third parties.
1.14. Device permission call
In the process of providing services, in order to ensure that you can use product functions normally, we will apply to the system for the following system device permissions of your device. We will ask for your consent before applying. You can choose "Allow" or "Prohibit" Access Request. After your authorization, we will open the relevant permissions. You can cancel the authorization in the system at any time. Your cancellation of authorization will cause you to be unable to use relevant business functions, but it will not cause you to be unable to use other business functions.
The invocation of system privacy permissions by various business functions is as follows:
Device permissions
Business functions
Permission authorization method
Can it be closed
Storage
Read and write images, files or cache information
A pop-up window will appear when the user uses storage-related business functions for the first time
Yes
Phone (also called "Device Information" permission on some models
Improve and optimize service experience and protect your account security
A pop-up window will appear when the user opens Butter Camera for the first time and clicks Agree
Yes
Wireless Network
Network connection for various business functions
A pop-up window asks when the user opens Butter Camera for the first time
Yes
Notification
Send notification message
A pop-up window asks when the user opens Butter Camera for the first time
Yes
Advertising Identifier IDFA
Improve and optimize service experience; advertising recommendations; protect your account security
A pop-up window asks when the user opens Butter Camera for the first time
Yes
Microphone
Record sound simultaneously when recording video
Asked the first time you use the capture or recording function
Yes
Camera
Photography or recording
Asked the first time you use the capture or recording function
Yes
You can turn on or off some or all permissions at any time through the permission settings provided by your device, thereby refusing Butter Camera to collect corresponding personal information. In different devices, the permission display and closing methods may be different. For details, please refer to the instructions or guidelines of the device and system developers.
1.15. Other purposes that you have otherwise agreed to
When we want to use information for other purposes not specified in this privacy agreement, we will ask for your consent in advance. When we want to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will ask for your consent in advance.
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and Anonymous Identifier Tools.
Cookie is a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client. When you use Butter Camera products or services, we will send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. When you interact with the Butter Camera service, we allow cookies or anonymous identifiers to be sent to the Miuke company server. Cookies
        Usually contains an identifier, site name, and some numbers and characters. Using Cookie technology, Muke Company can understand your usage habits, remember your preferences, save you the step of entering repeated information, provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, or help you determine the security of your account. Cookies can also help us count traffic information and analyze page design and advertising effectiveness.
We will not use Cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this Agreement. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details, see
        AboutCookies.org. You can clear all the files saved on your computer
        Cookies, most web browsers are equipped to block cookies
        function. But if you do this, you will need to personally change the user settings every time you visit our website, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or functions provided by Miuke that rely on cookies because of such modifications.
You can clear your cookies and restrict Muke's use of cookies through [My-Settings-General Settings-Clear Cache].
3. How we share, transfer, publicly disclose, entrust the processing of your personal information and the third parties we access
Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. Only to achieve the purposes stated in this privacy agreement, we may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes, and we will only share the personal information necessary to provide services. Unless otherwise authorized by you or otherwise required by laws and regulations, our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
3.1. Sharing
Unless you have separately agreed in advance or comply with other laws and regulations, we will not share your personal information with third parties other than Muke Company, unless the specific individual cannot be identified after processing and cannot be restored.
For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will investigate their data security environment, sign strict confidentiality agreements with them, and require them to take confidentiality and security measures to handle personal information in accordance with the law.
We may share your personal information with the following third parties under the following circumstances:
3.1.1. Third-party product or service providers.
Butter Camera is connected to a wealth of third-party services. When you use third-party services connected to Butter Camera, you may be required to submit your personal information. We will provide your personal information to third parties that provide services to you based on your valid authorization or when necessary to enter into and perform a contract to which the individual is a party.
For details on how third-party services collect and use your personal information, we recommend that you refer to the relevant service agreement and privacy agreement of the third-party service.
When you participate in marketing activities or service content provided by a third party, you may be required to provide your account nickname, avatar, name, contact information and other information based on service needs. We will provide you with marketing activities or services with your separate consent or through a third party. When necessary for service content, your personal information will be shared with third parties to ensure that the third party can smoothly provide you with services or cash rewards to you in a timely manner. If you refuse to share when it is necessary to provide you with marketing activities or service content, the third party will not be able to provide you with services or refuse your participation.
3.1.2 Third parties with whom you actively choose to share personal information
You can use the sharing function of Butter Camera to share with QQ friends, WeChat friends, and Weibo friends, including but not limited to information content, search results, etc. that interest you. Please fully consider the credibility of the information recipient before using third-party services or sharing functions, and we recommend that you check the personal information processing rules (such as privacy agreements) of the social network or third-party service provider you use to understand how they handle it. Processing of your information for informed decision-making.
3.2. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than Muke Company, except in the following circumstances:
Obtain your explicit authorization or consent in advance;
To meet the requirements of laws, regulations, legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial rulings;
If we or our affiliates are involved in transactions such as mergers, spin-offs, liquidations, acquisitions or sales of assets or businesses, your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions, and we will ensure that such information is protected when transferred. Confidentiality, inform you of the name and contact information of the recipient, and try our best to ensure that new companies and organizations that hold your personal information continue to be bound by this privacy agreement, otherwise we will require the company or organization to re-sign You seek authorized consent.
3.3. Public Disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
Obtain your separate consent;
Based on laws, regulations, legal procedures, litigation or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
When announcing penalties for illegal accounts and violations, we will disclose information about the relevant accounts, which will inevitably include account-related authentication information and violations.
3.4. Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information
In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information does not require prior authorization and consent from the personal information subject:
Directly related to national security and national defense security;
Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which the individual is a party;
Necessary to perform legal duties or legal obligations;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests. For example: in response to public health emergencies, or when necessary to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
To protect the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will process within a reasonable scope personal information that individuals disclose themselves or that have been legally disclosed by others, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
Situations otherwise stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
3.5. The third-party software development kit (SDK) we have access to
In order to adapt to the use of Butter Camera and third-party platform services on different mobile devices, you can realize one-click login with your mobile phone number, log in to the third-party platform account, share information through the third-party platform, receive information push and third-party payment,
        Butter Camera is connected to a third-party SDK. The above-mentioned third-party SDK providers include mobile phone equipment manufacturers, social platforms, communication operators and third-party payment institutions. Some third-party SDKs may call your device permissions and obtain your relevant information.
        So that you can use the corresponding functions normally on different mobile devices or third-party platforms. The type of device permissions called by different third-party SDKs and the information obtained may be different, which may include obtaining your location, reading/writing your external memory card,
        Read your phone status and identity, view WLAN connections, retrieve running applications, retrieve your installed application list, Bluetooth.
Regarding the specific types of device permissions called by third-party SDKs, and how to collect and use your personal information,
          It is recommended that you refer to the relevant service agreement and privacy agreement of the third-party SDK. If you want to know more about the third-party SDK we have connected,
          Please read the List of shared personal information with third parties.
3.6 Entrusted processing and joint processing
In order to better provide you with services, we may entrust third-party partners to process your personal information. We will only entrust third-party partners to process your information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific, and clear purposes.
        We will strictly limit the purpose of information processing by the trustee and require the trustee to adopt adequate data security measures. If a third-party partner uses your information for purposes not entrusted by us, it will obtain your consent separately.
        The authorized partners we entrust include advertising and analysis service authorized partners. We will entrust these partners to process information related to advertising delivery, advertising effectiveness, and advertising reach rate while complying with industry-accepted security technologies.
        Without your valid authorization, we will not entrust information that can directly identify you to third-party partners for processing. If you actively leave your contact information, address information and other personal information for a specific third-party partner to contact you,
        It will process your personal information directly.
In joint processing scenarios, we will also sign relevant agreements with our partners that comply with legal and regulatory requirements and fulfill relevant personal information protection obligations.
4. How we store and protect your personal information
4.1. Storage period
We will keep your personal information for the period required to provide services, but laws and regulations have other provisions on the retention period. You agree to retain it for a longer period, ensure the safety and quality of the service, achieve the purpose of dispute resolution, and technology When it is difficult to realize the above,
        After the aforementioned retention period expires, we will extend the retention period in accordance with law, contract, or within a reasonable scope.
After the retention period expires, we will delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with legal requirements.
4.2. Save region
In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People’s Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People’s Republic of China. If your personal information may be transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country/region where you use the products or services,
        Or when accessed from these jurisdictions, we will strictly fulfill our obligations under laws and regulations and obtain your separate consent in advance in accordance with legal requirements.
Such jurisdictions may have different or no data protection laws.
        In such cases, we will transfer your personal information in accordance with the current laws of China and will ensure that your personal information receives adequate and equal protection within the territory of the People's Republic of China.
        For example, we may ask for your consent to the cross-border transfer of personal information, or implement security measures such as data de-identification before cross-border data transfer.
4.3. Security Measures
We will collect, use, store and transmit user information based on the "minimization" principle, and inform you of the purpose and scope of use of relevant information through the user agreement and privacy agreement.
We take information security very seriously. We have set up a dedicated team to develop and apply a variety of security technologies and procedures. We will conduct security background checks for those in charge of security management and those in key security positions.
          We have established a complete information security management system and internal security incident handling mechanism. We will take appropriate security measures and technical means that comply with industry standards to store and protect your personal information to prevent the loss of your information,
          Subject to unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, damage, loss or leakage. We will take all reasonably feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data;
          We use trusted protection mechanisms to protect data from malicious attacks.
We will conduct data security awareness training and security capability training and assessment for employees to strengthen their understanding of the importance of protecting personal information. We will conduct identity authentication and authority control for employees who handle personal information.
          We will also sign confidentiality agreements with employees and partners who come into contact with your personal information to clarify job responsibilities and codes of conduct to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information.
If there is a violation of the confidentiality agreement, the cooperative relationship with Muke Company will be immediately terminated.
And relevant legal responsibilities will be pursued. Personnel who have access to personal information will also be required to keep confidentiality when they leave their jobs.
We remind you that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment.
When you interact with other users about your geographical location or whereabouts through third-party social software, email, text messages, etc. embedded in Butter Camera, you may not be sure of the location of the location or whereabouts. Whether the third-party software completely encrypts the transmission of information, please pay attention to ensure the security of your personal information.
We also ask you to understand that due to technological limitations and rapid development in the Internet industry, as well as various possible malicious attack methods, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of information.
Please understand that the systems and communication networks you use when using our products and/or services may have security issues in other links beyond our control.
According to our security management system, the leakage, damage or loss of personal information is classified as a major security incident. Once it occurs, the company's highest-level emergency plan will be activated.
The security department, public affairs department, and legal department will Multiple departments will form a joint emergency response team to handle the situation.
4.4. Security incident notification
We will formulate contingency plans for network security incidents to promptly deal with security risks such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions. When an incident that endangers network security occurs, we will immediately activate the contingency plan, take corresponding remedial measures, and follow Requires reporting to relevant authorities.
The leakage, damage, and loss of personal information are serious security incidents at the company level. We will be responsible for regularly organizing working group members to conduct security plan drills to prevent such security incidents from occurring. If something unfortunate happens, we will activate the emergency plan with the highest priority and form an emergency response team to trace the cause and reduce losses in the shortest possible time.
After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, and the risks you can prevent and reduce on your own in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. Suggestions, remedies for you, etc. We will promptly inform you of the incident-related information through site notifications, SMS notifications, phone calls, emails and other contact methods you have reserved. When it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, we will also proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities. Please understand that according to laws and regulations, if the measures we take can effectively avoid harm caused by information leakage, tampering, and loss, we may choose not to notify you of the personal information security incident unless the regulatory authorities require notification to you.
5. Your Rights
In accordance with relevant Chinese laws, regulations, standards, and common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you can exercise the following rights over your personal information. If you have questions or claims about the exercise of your rights, you can also contact us through [8. How to Contact Contact us via:
5.1. Right of Access
In principle, you can check your personal information through the following methods:
Account information: You can use My - Settings - in Butter Camera.
          Account and security, access or edit personal information in your account, change your password, perform account association or identity authentication, etc.
5.2. Right of corrections and additions
When you find that the personal information we process about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct the error or incompleteness after verifying your identity and the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information. If you want to make corrections or additions to incomplete information, you can use my -
        set up-
        Correct or supplement your personal data, or submit your request for correction or supplement to us through feedback and error reporting.
5.3. Right to erasure
You may make a request to us to delete your personal information under the following circumstances:
If we process your personal information in violation of laws, regulations or our agreement with you;
If our processing purposes have been fulfilled, cannot be fulfilled or are no longer necessary to fulfill the processing purposes;
If we stop providing products or services, or the retention period has expired;
If you withdraw your consent;
Other situations stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
When you delete information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information in the backup system immediately, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated. Please know and understand that if the retention period stipulated by laws, administrative regulations or described in this privacy agreement has not expired, or it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop storing and taking necessary security protection measures. deal with.
5.4. Withdrawal of consent
Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. You can give or withdraw your consent at any time for the collection and use of additional personal information.
You can directly turn off system permissions such as camera, microphone, storage (also known as photo album), notifications, phone calls, change the scope of consent, or withdraw your authorization in the device system.
After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to your withdrawal of consent, and we will no longer use your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your consent.
5.5. Right of cancellation
You can cancel your previously registered account.
You can log out of your account on Butter Camera via the following path: [My] - [Settings] - [Account and Security] - [Cancel Account].
When you are authorized to log in to Butter Camera through a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ, etc.), you need to apply to the third party to cancel your account.
5.6. Right of reproduction and portability
You have the right to copy the personal information we have collected about you. Under the conditions stipulated by laws and regulations, and in compliance with the instructions and conditions stipulated by the national cyberspace department, if technically feasible, you may also ask us to transfer your personal information to other entities designated by you.
5.7. The right to be notified in advance of the discontinuation of products and services.
Butter Camera is willing to accompany you all the time. If Butter Camera products cease operations due to special reasons, we will notify you within a reasonable period on the main page of the product or service or within the site, or by sending you an email or other appropriate method to reach you. You will stop collecting your personal information and will delete or anonymize your collected personal information in accordance with legal provisions.
5.8. Right to an explanation
You have the right to request an explanation of our personal information processing rules. You can contact us through the contact information in Section 8.
5.9 Display and control of personalized content and advertising
5.9.1. Display and control of personalized content
To facilitate you to control the personalized information you wish to receive, you can dynamically adjust your interests and preferences through the following paths, and we will push relevant personalized content to you based on your choices.
You can make adjustments at any time while browsing the content. If you don't like or are not interested in the recommended content displayed, you can click the "..." icon on the upper right side of the content to select "not interested" in the content. If you choose If you are "not interested" in this piece of content, we will reduce the recommendation of this type of content based on your choice. At the same time, we provide a reporting/feedback portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
Path:
[The "..." icon in the upper right corner of the content]-[Not interested]
[The "..." icon in the upper right corner of the content]-[Report/Feedback]
If you do not want us to push relevant personalized content to you based on your interest preferences, you can turn off "Receive Interest Recommendations" through [My] - [Settings] - [Privacy Settings]. When you choose to turn off "receive interest recommendations", you will not be able to enjoy personalized recommendation services. We will display content to you based on non-personalized factors such as popularity and content. You may see content that you are not interested in or even dislike, and your experience may be affected.
5.9.2. Display and control of personalized advertising
We may collect and use advertising identification information that complies with national or industry group standards. This identification is generated based on non-sensitive personal information such as device model and system configuration to provide you with more personalized information while protecting your privacy and service security. Programmatic advertising allows you to enjoy more convenient services. After we launch this function, we will also provide you with a shutdown function and inform you of the shutdown path. If you do not want us to use advertising identification information for the above purposes, you can choose to shut it down at any time. After closing, we will no longer obtain and process the Internet advertising identifier.
If you don't like or are not interested in the programmatic ads pushed to you, you can close the ad at any time by clicking the "×" icon on the lower right side of the ad, or you can choose to be "not interested" in the ad. If you choose "not interested" in this advertisement, the personalized recommendation strategy will be adjusted based on your feedback. At the same time, a reporting/feedback portal is provided to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
Path:
[The "×" icon at the bottom right of the advertisement]-[Reason for selection]-[Confirm]
[The "×" icon at the bottom right of the advertisement]-[Not interested]
[The "×" icon at the bottom right of the advertisement]-[Report/Feedback]
Programmatic advertising is one of the universal advertising technologies that makes intelligent recommendations based on your preferences within third-party applications. Butter Camera only provides programmatic advertising docking technology and will not obtain your behavior or personal data within third-party applications. You can choose to turn on or off this technology by turning on/off the [My]-[Settings]-[Privacy Settings]-[Programmatic Advertising Recommendation] switch. If you turn off the switch, the number of ads you see will not be reduced, but Advertising will be less precise.
5.10. Exceptions to the exercise of rights
We may not be able to respond to your requests for access, correction and addition, deletion, copying and portability, information, and decision-making under the following circumstances:
Directly related to national security and national defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
We have sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abused your rights (for example, your request will endanger public safety and the legitimate rights and interests of others, or your request exceeds the scope that can be covered by general technical means and commercial costs);
Responding to the request of the personal information subject will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
Involving trade secrets;
Situations otherwise stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
5.11. How to respond to your rights request
For security reasons, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity.
We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. After verification, we will respond within fifteen working days. You can contact us by sending an email to hello@bybutter.com.
In principle, we do not charge fees for your reasonable requests.
However, for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits, we will charge a certain cost depending on the circumstances. For those that are gratuitously repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example, require the development of new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving information stored on backup tapes) request, we may deny it.
6. How we handle minors’ personal information
Muke Company attaches great importance to the protection of minors’ information.
Our products and services are primarily intended for adults. We will only process the personal information of minors as permitted by laws and regulations and with the consent of parents or other guardians.
If you are a minor under the age of 14, before using Butter Camera products and services, you should ask your parents or other guardians to read this privacy carefully, or you should ask your parents or other guardians to read this privacy policy carefully together under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians. Agreement, and
with the consent of your parent or other guardian to use our products and services or provide information to us.
If we discover that we have collected personal information from minors under the age of 14 without first obtaining verifiable parental or other guardian consent, we will take steps to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If at any time a guardian has reason to believe that we have collected a minor's personal information without the guardian's consent, you may send the relevant information to hello@bybutter.com.
7. Revision of Privacy Agreement
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change.
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Agreement without your explicit consent. We will post any changes to this Privacy Agreement on this page.
For major changes, we will notify you on the main exposure page of the product or service, an in-site letter, or send you an email or other appropriate method to reach you.
If you do not agree to these changes, please stop using Butter Camera products and services immediately.
Major changes referred to in this agreement include but are not limited to:
Significant changes to our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, types of personal information processed, how personal information is used, etc.;
We have undergone significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers, etc.;
The main objects to whom personal information is provided, transferred or publicly disclosed change;
Significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and how to exercise them;
When our responsible department, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
If there are any matters not covered in this privacy agreement, the "Baidu Privacy Protection Statement" shall prevail.
8. How to contact us
The growth of Butter Camera cannot be separated from the joint efforts of users from all walks of life. We are very grateful for your contribution to Butter Camera data updates and usage feedback.
You can provide feedback on your suggestions for Butter Camera and problems encountered during use through [My-Settings-Help and Feedback] to help us optimize product functions and services so that more users can use our products more conveniently. and service.
You can also contact us through the following contact information:
No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing, China
Beijing Muke Technology Co., Ltd. Legal Department
Postal code: 100085
In order to ensure that we handle your problem efficiently and provide you with timely feedback, you are required to submit proof of identity, valid contact information, written request and relevant evidence. We will verify your identity and process your request.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek solutions through the following external channels:
Apply to the Beijing Haidian District People's Court File a lawsuit.
Attachment: Explanation of terms
Personal information
refers to various information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or by other means, excluding anonymized information. Personal information includes name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account password, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transactions Information etc.
Sensitive personal information
refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, could easily cause the dignity of a natural person to be infringed or the personal and property safety to be endangered, including biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health, Financial accounts, whereabouts and other information, as well as personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
Device
refers to a device that can be used to use Baidu products and/or services, such as a desktop device, tablet, or smartphone.
Device information
may include device attribute information of the terminal device you use to install and run Butter Camera SDK (such as hardware model, operating system version and system status, device configuration, international mobile equipment identity code IMEI, international Mobile subscriber identification code IMSI, network device hardware address MAC, advertising identifier IDFA, supplier identifier IDFV, mobile equipment identification code MEID, anonymous device identifier OAID
         , Integrated Circuit Card Identification Code ICCID , Android
         ID, hardware serial number and other device identifiers), device connection information (such as browser type, telecom operator, language used, WIFI information) and device status information (such as device application installation list, device sensor information).
Log information
refers to our server automatically recording the requests you make when accessing Butter Camera, such as your IP
         Address, browser type and language used, hardware device information, operating system version, network operator information, date, time, duration of your access to the service, etc. you provide, form or retain when using our products or services Information.
Cookie
refers to a mechanism that supports server-side (or script) storage and retrieval of information on the client, extending web-based client/server applications by adding simple, persistent client state. The server sends a status message while returning the HTTP object to the client, and the client saves it. The status information describes the valid URL range in this status. Thereafter, any HTTP request within this range initiated by the client will return the current value of the status information from the client to the server. This status information is called a cookie.
User profiling
refers to the collection, aggregation, and analysis of personal information to analyze or predict the personal characteristics of a specific natural person, such as his career, economy, health, education, personal preferences, credit, behavior, etc. The process of forming a model of their personal characteristics. Directly using the personal information of a specific natural person to form a characteristic model of that natural person is called direct user portrait. Using personal information other than a specific natural person, such as data from the group to which he belongs, is used to form a characteristic model of the natural person, which is called indirect user portrait.
De-identification
is the process by which personal information is processed in such a way that it cannot be identified as a specific natural person without the aid of additional information.
Anonymization
refers to the process of technical processing of personal information so that the subject of personal information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored. Information obtained after personal information has been anonymized does not belong to personal information.
Affiliated companies
refers to the sole or collective name of Beijing Muke Technology Co., Ltd., the operator of Butter Camera, and other companies with which it has affiliated relationships. "Affiliated relationship" means any entity (including an individual, company, partnership, organization or any other entity) that is directly or indirectly controlled by it, or a entity that directly or indirectly controls it, or is directly or indirectly related to it. Subjects controlled by the same subject. The aforementioned "control" refers to having the power, directly or indirectly, to give instructions on the management and decision-making of relevant entities or to oblige others to give instructions through holding voting rights, contracts or other means, or other relationships that in fact constitute actual control.
Thank you again for your trust and use of Butter Camera!
Beijing Muke Technology Co., Ltd.
Update date: January 23, 2023
Effective date: January 31, 2023