SonyLIV
PRIVACY POLICY
1. APPLICABILITY OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is applicable to personally identifiable information (hereinafter referred to as
                "Personal Data" and
                detailed below) collected, processed, stored and used by Sony Pictures Networks India Private Limited
                having its
                registered office at Interface Building 7, Floor 45, Malad (West), Mumbai – 400064, India ("SPN") either
                through its
                owned, controlled and operated website located at
http://www.sonyliv.com
and/or app named SonyLIV (collectively and individually referred to as "SonyLIV"), in connection with
                individual Users'
                ("User", "You", or "Your") access to or use of SonyLIV services. SonyLIV is available on various
                platforms and devices
                like mobile phones, tablets, smart televisions, set top boxes and various other devices on which SonyLIV
                is embedded or
                otherwise made available.
2. ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY
i. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use and the Cookie Policy.
ii. By using SonyLIV, You agree to SPN's terms of processing Your Personal Data which You provide to SPN
                in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
iii. Please also note that SonyLIV may contain links to third-party websites, platforms or applications
                not owned, operated or controlled by SPN. SPN is not responsible for the privacy practices of or for the
                Personal Data
                processed by such third-party websites, platforms or applications that You may visit.
iv. The Personal Data that such third-party websites, platforms or applications collect directly from
                You (for example, payment processing) is subject to such third-party website, platform or application's
                privacy practices.
                Privacy choices You may make on the third-party websites, platforms or applications will not apply to
                SPN or SPN's
                processing of the Personal Data as per this Privacy Policy applications.
v. SPN encourages You to be aware of the privacy practices of such other websites, platforms or
                applications that You may choose to access from SonyLIV and that may collect Your Personal Data.
3. ACCESS TO SERVICES OF SONYLIV
The access to complete content and services on SonyLIV is only available on a subscription basis and to
                Users who are
                above the age of 18 years. SPN may provide children content or content suitable for individuals below
                the age of 18
                years on SonyLIV but the same shall only be accessible through the profile of a parent or legal guardian
                who is an
                adult.
4. DEFINITION OF PERSONAL DATA
"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An
                identifiable natural
                person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier
                such as a name,
                an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the
                physical,
                physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. When
                anonymous information
                is directly or indirectly associated with personal data, the resulting information also is treated as
                personal data.
To access SonyLIV, SPN requires You to provide Your Personal Data since SPN cannot identify You by a
                pseudonym or
                through anonymous data. SPN may collect anonymized data from You based on certain activity You perform
                on SonyLIV for
                analytics and statistical purposes. Such anonymized data will not be associated with Your Personal Data
                and will not be
                applicable under this Privacy Policy.
5. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
SPN may collect the following Personal Data from You:
5.1 Information You Provide to SPN
A.
At the time of Registration and Sign Up
To use SonyLIV and the services it offers, Users must register and create an account ("Account").
                    Creating the Account
                    may require the User to provide the following Personal Data associated with the User, including but
                    not
                    limited to:
i. Mobile number
ii. E-mail address
iii. Location (IP, Lat-Long, Country Code)
B.
At the time of Account and Profile Creation
To use SonyLIV and the services it offers, Users must register and create an account ("Account").
                    Creating the Account
                    may require the User to provide the following Personal Data associated with the User, including but
                    not
                    limited to:
i. Name
ii. Profile name
C.
At the time of using coupon codes
You may also subscribe to SonyLIV by using an activation or subscription codes or coupon provided by
                    SPN or its
                    commercial associates authorized to issue codes or coupons. SPN may store details related to codes
                    or coupons You use
                    including but not limited to:
i. Session ID
ii. IP address
iii. Device ID
iv. Order ID
5.2 Additional Personal Data provided by You Voluntarily
If You send any correspondences, such as emails or letters including data subject requests to SPN, or if
                other users or
                third parties send Personal Data about Your activities or postings on SonyLIV to SPN, then SPN may
                collect and store
                such Personal Data. SPN may collect additional Personal Data at other times, including but not limited
                to, when You
                provide feedback, when You change Your content or email preferences etc. This Personal Data includes the
                information You
                may share with SPN during such correspondence like Your name, e-mail id, mobile number, city, country,
                etc.
The additional Personal Data mentioned above is collected solely for the purpose of communicating with
                the User
                regarding the SonyLIV services, processing the feedback received, and conducting surveys to implement
                suggestions,
                processing and implementing change requests, data subject requests and enriching the overall user
                experience. Users will
                be asked to provide their consent in case the above-mentioned Personal Data is processed for any purpose
                other than
                those detailed above.
5.3 Personal Data automatically collected while browsing or navigating through SonyLIV
A. Throughout Your use of SonyLIV, SPN may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively
                collect Personal
                Data with respect to how SonyLIV is accessed and used by You ("Usage Information").
Usage Information may consist, inter alia, of the following data about Your visit, usage of services
                    and consumption of
                    content on SonyLIV:
i. Content viewed
ii. Types of content viewed
iii. Date and time of view
iv. Content added to ‘My List'
v. Number of times You visited SonyLIV in a specific duration of time
vi. Number of page views
vii. Type of computer operating system including the type of internet browser and internet
                        service provider.
viii. Quality of content streaming at the time of video playout
ix. Number of concurrent sessions
Usage Information is generally of a nature which is non-identifiable of a natural person (for
                    example aggregate
                    analytics). However, in order to process such Usage Information and to make it feasible for SPN's
                    legitimate business
                    interests, SPN may associate the Usage Information with other information collected from You and
                    such combination may be
                    treated as Personal Data.
B. SPN may also collect Your IP address from Your computer, mobile or any other device on which You
                access SonyLIV. An "IP
                address" is an identifying number for network hardware connected to a network. It helps to recognize the
                location of the
                User.
SPN uses IP address for the following purposes:
i. Determining Your geographic location, and provide content available in the said geographic
                        location;
ii. Processing Your registration and payments;
iii. To enable processing of coupons or vouchers for subscription offers; and
iv. To detect and monitor any fraudulent activity.
C. SPN may collect unique identifier from Your device. It is a number that is automatically assigned to
                Your device when
                You access SonyLIV, use its services and stream content therefrom, and SPN's systems will identify Your
                device by this
                number ("Device Identifier").
If collected, these Device Identifiers will be used for the following purposes:
i. Providing the User with SonyLIV content and services based on the User's location;
ii. To enable processing of coupons/vouchers for subscription offers;
iii. Identifying the User when he/she accesses or downloads SonyLIV; and
iv. Measuring the User behavior in terms of user interface, clicks, response etc.
D. SPN may also have integrations of SonyLIV with some third-party service providers who may, on SPN's
                instructions,
                collect the Device Identifier or create their own unique Device Identifier including but not limited to:
i. Clevertap ID to provide You with push notifications;
ii. CP Customer ID to identify unique user;
iii. GA ID to help SPN derive analytical insights;
iv. Charged ID for transaction purposes;
v. Profile ID assigned to each profile created by You for mapping the Content; and
vi. Order ID for unique user making a subscription on SonyLIV.
E. Cookies
To improve Your experience on SonyLIV, SPN collects, uses and stores cookies. Cookies are files that web
                servers place
                on Your device to provide You with a seamless interaction with the web and application platforms. Some
                of these cookies
                are mandatory for functioning of SonyLIV while some cookies are used to track Your behavior on SonyLIV
                for an enhanced
                experience. SPN will seek Your consent before using any cookies which are not mandatory in nature. For
                more information
                about the cookies SPN uses, please refer to SPN's Cookie Policy.
F. SPN also uses asynchronous technology for the purpose of building web applications and providing
                optimized performance
                of SonyLIV in terms of fetching, loading and refreshing the content. SPN does not pass any Usage
                Information or Personal
                Data to any of these technology providers through use of their technology or otherwise.
G. For the smooth functioning of SonyLIV, SPN may also use an analytics service provider. Such service
                providers may use an
                analytics tool. Analytics tools use cookies, text files, SDKs, APIs, etc. that are stored on Your device
                and allow an
                analysis of Your use of SonyLIV. The information generated by the cookies about Your use of SonyLIV,
                including the IP
                address, may be transferred to and stored on a server of such analytics service provider engaged by SPN,
                which may not
                be located within the EU, EEA and UK and who may use such information, to analyze Your use of SonyLIV,
                to create reports
                about the activities and to provide further services associated with the use of SonyLIV to SPN.
                Furthermore, it may
                transfer such information generated to third parties, to the extent legally required or permitted or if
                such third
                parties process the information on behalf of the analytics service providers. You will be asked to
                provide Your consent
                for such storage and transfer of Your Personal Data to the third parties which may or may not be located
                within the
                territory from which You are accessing SonyLIV.
H.
In App Permissions
To provide You with certain features and to improve Your experience on the application of SonyLIV,
                    SPN asks You for the
                    following in app permissions:
i. Microphone
ii. Gallery
iii. Phone/SMS
iv. Camera
v. In APP purchases
vi. Bluetooth
SPN will seek Your consent before using any permissions which are not mandatory in nature. The use
                    of microphone and
                    phone/SMS are essential to use audio for audio searching and sending an OTP (one -time-password) for
                    Your authentication
                    purposes for registration and/or subscription of SonyLIV, respectively.
5.4. Inferred information through usage and log data
SPN may track certain information about You, in an anonymized manner, based upon Your behavior while
                using SonyLIV for
                below mentioned purposes of analytics and statistical insights:
i. To perform analytics and conduct customer research, to determine Your interest, for identifying
                    content that generate
                    sales and to analyze traffic patterns;
ii. To study traffic patterns to improve website performance, to customize user experience, and to
                    better match users'
                    interests and preferences;
iii. Keep track of preferences You specify while You are using SonyLIV content or services;
iv. Capturing video playback features and working on SonyLIV;
v. Capturing user behavior for measuring quality specifications of SonyLIV;
vi. Keeping track of multiple profiles created by You.
5.5. Third Party Payment Gateway – Financial Information
SonyLIV uses third-party payment gateways to process payments made on SonyLIV. SPN will provide You with
                a confirmation
                of having received payments against Your subscription Account, only once SPN receives such confirmation
                from the
                concerned third-party payment gateway service providers. The third-party payment gateway service
                providers may require
                certain financial information including Your credit card, debit card, mobile number or other bank
                account information.
                Other than providing a confirmation upon receipt of payment against a subscription Account, SPN
                disclaims all
                liabilities in relation to Your payment processing by such third-party payment gateway service providers
                and the
                collection and processing of any Personal Data provided by You to such third-party payment gateway
                service providers.
                While using such third-party payment gateways to make payments to SPN, You will be required to accept
                the terms of use
                and privacy policies of such third-party payment gateway service providers. SPN requests You to
                familiarize with the
                terms of use and privacy policies of the respective third-party payment gateway service providers before
                using such
                service. You hereby agree and acknowledge that SPN shall not be liable and in no way, be held
                responsible for any losses
                whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, incidental or consequential, including without limitation any
                losses due to online
                fraud arising from Your use of such payment gateways. In case of any issues or complaints with respect
                to the processing
                of Your payments in relation to SonyLIV, You may file a complaint with the concerned third-party payment
                gateways
                directly for redressal.
In case of recurring payments, the amount will be automatically deducted from the bank account, debit or
                credit card the
                details of which You may have provided. The subscription amount will automatically get deducted until
                You otherwise opt
                to cancel the auto debit by visiting SonyLIV and cancelling subscription in Your Account.
SPN never asks for password, financial details or any additional personal data without highlighting the
                purpose of
                collecting the same.
6. PURPOSE OF COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
SPN may use the Personal Data collected for the following purposes:
i. process Your registration on SonyLIV;
ii. determine Your geographic location and provide content available in the said territory;
iii. enable You to visit SonyLIV and enjoy more seamless visits to SonyLIV;
iv. enable You to use and receive the services offered on SonyLIV including e-mail
                        communications informing You about the services and content provided through SonyLIV;
v. enable processing of coupons or vouchers for subscription
vi. contact You about Your Account and in connection with any services or content support,
                        feedback through SonyLIV;
vii. improve and enhance SonyLIV usage experience according to Your preferences;
viii. increasing security measures to keep Your data safe by preventing, detecting and
                        investigating potentially prohibited or
                        illegal activities;
ix. support security measures, such as requiring re-login into SonyLIV after a certain amount of
                        time has elapsed;
x. analyzing the User behavior to generate analytical insights and provide enhanced SonyLIV
                        services;
xi. creating custom reports on payment/redemption against each device make, model, serial
                        number;
xii. notify You about changes in the services offered by SonyLIV or changes in this Privacy
                        Policy; and
xiii. other purposes specifically disclosed to You prior to the collection of Your Personal Data
                        or otherwise with Your
                        consent.
If SPN wishes to collect and process Your Personal Data for purposes other than those mentioned
                    above, SPN shall seek a
                    specific consent from You prior to collecting and processing Your Personal Data for such additional
                    purposes unless this
                    falls within legitimate business interest for processing as explained in paragraph 7 below.
7. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
SPN processes Your Personal Data for the purposes detailed hereunder, basis the following lawful basis
                under GDPR: (i)
                obtaining explicit consent from You for processing Your Personal Data; (ii) where it is necessary for
                SPN to undertake
                its legal obligations; (iii) SPN's exercise of its rights under a contract with You; or (iv) processing
                of Personal Data
                for legitimate interests where processing is not necessary to meet contractual obligations, but is
                necessary to provide
                You with services and content of SonyLIV.
8. SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
SPN may share Personal Data with the following parties:
8.1. Service providers providing services on SPN's behalf
SPN may, from time to time, employ third-party service providers to perform certain functions on
                SPN's behalf, such as
                hosting or operation of SonyLIV, hosting the Personal Data, e-mails, messages or other
                communications, and providing
                data analysis services etc. within or outside Your country. Wherever Your Personal Data is
                transferred, stored or
                processed, SPN will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of Your Personal Data. Any
                Personal Data shall be
                disclosed to such third-party service providers only after ensuring contractual protection of
                Your Personal Data,
                including that such third-party service providers implement adequate technical measures to
                safeguard Your Personal Data.
                These third-party service providers are prohibited from using Your Personal Data for purposes
                other than those specified
                in Paragraph 6 above or required by law.
8.2. Affiliates of SPN and Business Transfers
SPN operates globally and it may transfer Your Personal Data to SPN's affiliated companies
                primarily for business and
                operational purposes.
SPN or any of its businesses, including SonyLIV, may be acquired or merged or de-merged or
                spun-off or may be subject to
                any other transactions wherein SPN may no longer remain the controller or processor of Your
                Personal Data. In such
                cases, where any such transaction takes place which covers Your Personal Data, Your Personal
                Data shall be transferred
                as part of such transaction. Such transfer of Your Personal Data will without any further notice
                to the Users and by
                using SonyLIV, You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will serve as notice
                enough for any such
                transfer.
8.3. Disclosures required under laws and regulations
SPN may transfer and disclose Your Personal Data to:
                i. comply with a requirement or an obligation under a law or regulation when SPN in good faith
                believes that such
                disclosure is required under such law or regulation;
ii. to government and regulatory authorities at their request or order;
iii. to verify or enforce SonyLIV's Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, Cookie Policy or other
                applicable policies;
iv. to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, users or the public
                or in response to a similar
                emergency.
9. YOUR CONTROLS AND CHOICES
9.1. Accessing and rectifying your Personal Data
When You use SonyLIV, SPN makes reasonable efforts to provide You with Your right to access Your
                Personal Data and
                further upholding the accuracy of the Personal Data by providing You with a fairly simple
                functionality within SonyLIV
                for rectifying Your Personal Data You may have provided. For example, You can easily access or
                edit Your Account
                information (Name, Profile Name) through the "MY ACCOUNT" section available on SonyLIV.
9.2. Data Portability
You may request copies, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, of the
                Personal Data that You
                provided to SPN, wherever feasible. Alternatively, You may request for Your Personal Data to be
                transmitted to another
                service provider (where technically feasible) directly by SPN.
9.3. Data Retention and Erasure
SPN retains Your Personal Data for legitimate business interests and until SPN requires such
                Personal Data for the
                purposes for which the same has been collected as specified in Paragraphs 6 and 7. SPN may also
                need to retain Your
                Personal Data for SPN to comply with legal obligations as specified in Paragraph 8. If You no
                longer want SPN to use
                Your Personal Data, then You can request that SPN erases Your Personal Data. Do note that if You
                request for the erasure
                of Your Personal Data, SPN may retain some of the Personal Data as may be required for the
                following purposes:
i. a unique identifier used for registration purposes such as e-mail or mobile number to
                detect
                for any fraudulent activity
                such as obtaining free consecutive trial offers;
ii. retention and use of Your Personal Data as necessary for SPN's legitimate business
                interests, such as fraud detection
                and prevention and enhancing safety;
iii. retention and use of Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with SPN's
                legal
                obligations (specified
                above). For example, SPN may keep some of Your Personal Data for tax, legal reporting and
                auditing obligations;
iv. Personal Data You share with SPN (e.g. comments, complaints, feedback etc.) maybe
                retained
                for legitimate purposes, even
                after Your Account or subscription is cancelled, suspended, terminated or withdrawn; and
v. Because of the way SPN maintains certain services, after You delete Your Personal Data,
                residual copies of such Personal
                Data, it may take some time before these are deleted from SPN's active servers and may
                remain in
                SPN's backup systems.
You should be aware that it may not be possible to completely remove or delete all Your Personal
                Data from SPN's
                databases to effect any opt-out preferences You have made due to technical concerns with data
                backup
                and contingency
                support.
Your request for deletion, or modification of Your Personal Data shall be subject to the
                following:
i. where You have shared Your Personal Data, that You wish to request for deletion or
                modification,
                directly with a third
                party vendor, You shall request such third party vendor for deletion or modification of Your
                Personal Data. SPN shall
                not be responsible for the deletion or modification of such Personal Data as a data controller;
                and
ii. in case the Personal Data that You request for deletion or modification has been collected
                and
                used only by SPN and
                SPN's appointed and contracted processors and contractors, SPN shall be responsible for the
                deletion
                or modification of
                the Personal Data requested subject to the data retention conditions stipulated in this Privacy
                Policy.
Do note that if You have multiple accounts with SonyLIV, then You will have to raise separate
                requests for deletion or
                modification of Your Personal Data for each of the Accounts, along with the associated email IDs
                or
                phone numbers or
                provide SPN with any unique identifiers as may be required for identifying Your Personal Data in
                SPN's systems.
9.4. Objection and Restriction of Processing
Where there is a lawful basis for processing Your Personal Data and such processing falls
                within
                SPN's legitimate
                interest like, without limitation, Device ID, IP Address, geo-location, User ID, or where
                You
                have
                reasons to believe
                that the Personal Data being processed by SPN is inaccurate, unlawful or is no longer
                required
                to be
                processed by SPN
                under any lawful basis, You may, at any time, ask SPN to restrict or object the processing
                of
                Your
                Personal Data.
9.5. To send a request for any of the above-mentioned purposes, kindly send an e-mail to SPN's
                DPO
                at
                dpo@setindia.com.
                SPN may take up to 30 (thirty) days from the date of receipt of request to complete Your
                requests.
                However, if the
                nature of Your request requires significant effort or is time consuming in terms of locating the
                date or
                in terms of
                quantity of data that it relates to, then SPN may ask for an extension of a further 60 (sixty)
                days
                by
                giving a prior
                notice to You with the reason for the extension.
9.6. SPN shall not charge You for fulfilling any of the above requests. However, if the
                fulfilment
                of
                any such request
                leads to certain costs being incurred by SPN, then SPN will notify You prior to processing such
                request.
9.7. SPN advises the Users to identify themselves in their requests to the DPO for exercising
                any of
                their rights with
                respect to their Personal Data. SPN may not be able to process any requests made in the event
                the
                User
                fails to identify
                themselves or if SPN is unable to authenticate such a User. SPN may also decline to process
                requests
                that are
                unreasonably repetitive or systematic, requiring disproportionate effort, jeopardizing the
                privacy
                of
                others, or would
                be extremely impractical or for which access is not otherwise required.
9.8. Please be aware that if You do not allow SPN to collect Personal Data from You, SPN may not
                be
                able
                to deliver
                certain experiences, features and services to You, and some of SonyLIV's services may not be
                able to
                take account of
                Your interests and preferences. If collection of Personal Data is mandatory, SPN shall inform
                You at
                the
                point of
                collection so that You can make an informed decision whether You wish to allow the processing of
                such
                Personal Data.
10. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
SonyLIV may, in future, make available content that will apply or be directed at persons less than 18
                years of age and
                such content may be accessed only by via the profile of the parents or legal guardians of the minors.
                SPN does not
                intend to collect or knowingly collect Personal Data from minors. SPN does not knowingly permit any
                person who is under
                18 years of age to register with SonyLIV or to provide any other Personal Data. Parents or the legal
                guardians are
                advised to monitor the minor's use of SonyLIV, who are accessing the services and content of SonyLIV
                through the
                profiles of such parents or legal guardians. It shall be the parent's or legal guardian's responsibility
                to decide
                whether or not the use of or access to SonyLIV is suitable for their minor and to monitor the Personal
                Data of the
                minor, required for his or her use of or access to SonyLIV and the consents for the same. SonyLIV does
                provide a
                functionality of Parental Control for such purposes where You can lock Your profile with the help of a
                password.
In the event SPN collects Personal Data of minors, SPN will obtain a parental consent from the minor's
                parent or legal
                guardian prior to collection and processing of such Personal Data.
11. SPN'S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY AND CHOICES
i. SPN respects Your privacy and is committed to protecting the personally identifiable information
                    You provide when You
                    use or access SonyLIV services. SPN takes commercially reasonable and appropriate precautions to
                    protect Your Personal
                    Data from unauthorized disclosure and security breaches.
ii. You understand that the services offered by SonyLIV are on a subscription basis. SPN may send
                    SMS, e-mail or other
                    notification prior to expiry of Your subscription services to notify you about the last date of Your
                    subscription. For
                    auto renewal subscription, You may receive SMS, E-mail or notification from SPN or SPN's authorized
                    vendor notifying You
                    about the renewal of your subscription pack depending upon the subscription duration and payment
                    preferences You may
                    have chosen at the time of registration and creation of Your Account.
iii. It is important to let You know that electronic data can be intercepted, corrupted, lost or
                    destroyed. SPN cannot
                    guarantee or warrant the security of any data and consequently Your use of SonyLIV is at Your own
                    risk. SPN is however
                    continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical and physical security measures to
                    help protect Your
                    Personal Data against unauthorized access, loss, destruction, corruption or alteration.
iv. If You know or have reason to believe that Your account credentials have been lost, stolen,
                    altered, or otherwise
                    compromised or there has been an actual or suspected unauthorized use of Your account, please
                    contact Data Protection
                    Officer (DPO) by email at
dpo@setindia.com
.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES AND YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
SPN will update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory,
                business or operational
                requirements or when there is a change or update in the services offered on SonyLIV. SPN will provide
                notice of any such
                changes to the Privacy Policy, including when such changes will take effect, in accordance with the
                applicable law. Your
                continued use of SonyLIV after any such updates to the Privacy Policy will constitute acknowledgement
                and acceptance of
                those changes. If You do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Policy, You may
                cancel Your
                Account, subscription and use of SonyLIV.
13. CONTACT INFORMATION
i. Processing, usage and storage of Personal Data
ii. This Privacy Policy
iii. Exercise of Your rights as a data subject as provided under the applicable law
iv. Grievances with respect to processing, usage and storage of Your Personal Data
v. General enquiry/ clarification in relation to the Personal Data
vi. Suggestions/ feedback related to Privacy Policy and privacy practices
If You contact SPN with a privacy complaint, it will be assessed with the aim of resolving the issue
                    in a timely and
                    effective manner. Please note that if You contact SPN to assist You in this regard, for Your safety
                    and SonyLIV's, SPN
                    may need to authenticate Your identity before fulfilling Your request.
In case You require technical support (like subscription related, app functioning related, technical
                    related, payment
                    related, etc.), You may write to SPN at prioritysupport@sonyliv.com.
SPN will only use Your email id for customer interaction and communication. After your query is
                    resolved, SPN will not
                    share with You information about its services including the SonyLIV, either through mailers or any
                    other form of
                    communication for which You dont provide consent to SPN.
You may also reach out to SPN's EU Representative, Shalin Patel at Shalin_Patel@spe.sony.com, if You
                    have questions or
                    concerns regarding SPN's privacy practices.
Last Updated: 10th August, 2021.