Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Last modified: 3/6/24
Privacy Policy
Introduction
DFW International Airport Board (”DFW Airport” or “We”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you interact with various platforms provided by DFW Airport (“Platforms”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. In addition, this is to advise you that, irrespective of any use to which DFW Airport may put such information, some of it may be subject to disclosure under the Texas Public Information Act, if it is requested.
This policy applies to information we collect via the following Platforms:
On this website – DFWAirport.com
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Platforms
iOS and Android mobile apps
MyDFW Account
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy
When you connect to the DFW Airport Wi-Fi network
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by a third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or through the Platforms. This includes third-party shopping, dining, parking, employment, or other services websites that may be linked by or through the Platforms.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Platforms. By accessing or using these Platforms, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of our Platforms after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Our Platforms are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to [or on] the Platforms. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on these Platforms or through any of the included features, register an account, make any purchases through the Platforms, use any interactive or public comment features of these Platforms, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
digitalchannels@dfwairport.com
.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Platforms, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, email address, telephone number, birth date, occupation, vehicle license plate information, toll tag information, and/or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (”personal information”);
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your location, your travel plans or interests, your job interests, your dining or shopping interests; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Platforms, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Platforms. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Platforms may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Platforms. This includes information provided at the time of requesting or purchasing parking, food, or other goods or services, requesting flight or airline information, or applying for employment with DFW Airport or its affiliates. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Platforms or use the Platforms’ “chat” functionality.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses) if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Platforms and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Platforms.
Your search queries on the Platforms.‌
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Platforms, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Platforms, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Platforms.
Information about your computer, tablet, phone, or any other device and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time (behavioral tracking). l You can opt out of behavioral tracking via settings on your device or web browser.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Platforms and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our customer numbers and traffic patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Platforms according to your individual interests.
Expedite your searches.
Continuously customize and improve your experience with our Platforms.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies)
. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer, tablet, phone, or any other device. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Platforms and associated content to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To evaluate your employment application or inquiry.
To sell you parking, parking reservations, or other goods or services.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our Platforms or any products or services we offer or provide though them.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Platforms.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, adjust your user
preferences
in your account profile by navigating to your MyDFW dashboard, clicking “Security & Preferences” and then clicking “Communications Preferences”. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or household, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our operations.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, including our obligations under the Texas Public Information Act.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of DFW Airport, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from DFW. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by DFW Airport to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by adjusting your user
preferences
in your account profile by navigating to your MyDFW dashboard, clicking “Security & Preferences” and then clicking “Communications Preferences”.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (”NAI”) on the
NAI’s website
.
Your State Privacy Rights
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information. California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Platforms that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
digitalchannels@dfwairport.com
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access and delete certain personal information.
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales.
Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also provide their state residents with rights to:
Correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information’s nature processing purpose.
Opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
To exercise any of these rights please send an email to
digitalchannels@dfwairport.com
. To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request, send an email to
digitalchannels@dfwairport.com
requesting reconsideration.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page, with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account, as long as you have opted in to receive communications from us, and through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
digitalchannels@dfwairport.com
.