Account Finder
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted to our apps on iOS, Android, and the Web
Information we collect
There are two options for creating an account and the information we collect is a little different depending on the method.
Email Based Accounts
When creating an Email based account you provide an email, password and select a game nickname.  Email address are only used for logging in, password resets, responding to emails that you initiate, and notifications that you request.  We don't send promotional emails.
Your password is sent to us in an encrypted form and stored on our server in that form. We never see or store you plain text password.
Facebook Based Accounts
When creating a Facebook based account you provide your facebook id and select a game nickname.  We also collect your email and real name should you choose to provide them on account creation.  Email addresses are used to help prevent the creation of redundant accounts, responding to emails that you initiate, and notifications that you request.  We don't send promotional emails.
Other Data We Store
Regardless of the type of account you create we store information about your current and past games, your game rank, some win/loss game statistics, and the past opponents you've played. We also keep stats on what extra features you've purchased (in-app purchases).
Technical basics
If you enable notifications, we must store a token to send them. We **never** use notifications for marketing.
Ads and Analytics
When using the free app we display Ads. Ad networks collect data about users to better target ads. We also use Google Analytics to collect general statistics about the apps performance to help improve the app. These stats are anonymous and just give us general performance statistics.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish Upwords’s functionality. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Accessing, changing, or deleting your information
You may access or change your information or delete your account.
You can delete your account in a couple of ways:
1) Contact support at
support@upwords-app.com
and request that your account is deleted
2) Login to our website at
https://www.upwords-app.com/login
, once logged in your can delete your account. All your information on our servers will be deleted immediately
Information for European Union Customers
By using Upwords and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
support@upwords-app.com
FAQ
•
Privacy Policy
•
Contact