About Us
|
Game
|
Bug Report
EN
|
TH
Workpoint Entertainment Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Workpoint Entertainment, and any parent or subsidiary (collectively, “
Workpoint Entertainment
“) when you access or use Workpoint Entertainment’ websites, mobile applications, and other products and services (collectively, the “
Services
“) or otherwise interact with Workpoint Entertainment.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Workpoint Entertainment.
Workpoint Entertainment collects information you provide directly to it, such as if you register for a Service; participate in Workpoint Entertainment’ contests and special events; request technical support; or send Workpoint Entertainment an email or otherwise interact with it. The types of information Workpoint Entertainment may collect directly from you include your name, e-mail address, and phone number.
Information Workpoint Entertainment Collects Automatically.
When you access the Services, Workpoint Entertainment automatically collects certain information, including:
Log Information:
Workpoint Entertainment
logs information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to its websites.
Device Information:
When you access or use the Services, Workpoint Entertainment collects information about (i) device properties, including, but not limited to Media Access Control (“MAC”) address, unique device identifier (“UDID”), or other device identifiers; (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and location; and (v) game score and achievements. Workpoint Entertainment may also collect other data as reasonably required by Workpoint Entertainment to provide, maintain and improve the Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
Workpoint Entertainment may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about you and your interaction with the Services. We use this information in one or more of the ways described in the “Use of Information” section below. Workpoint Entertainment may also collect information using web beacons or other tracking technologies to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, please see “Your Privacy Choices” below.
Information Workpoint Entertainment Collects from Other Sources.
Workpoint Entertainment may receive information about you from other sources and combine or link that with information it has about you. For example, when you authorize Workpoint Entertainment to connect to certain third-party social networking sites, Workpoint Entertainment will access information about you from those sites, such as your name, account information, friend lists, and any other information you make publicly available. Workpoint Entertainment collects this information in accordance with the privacy policies and authorization procedures determined by third-party social networking sites in addition to the privacy settings you establish with those sites. For more information, please refer directly to the privacy policies of the relevant third-party social networking sites.
Use of Information
Workpoint Entertainment may use the information it collects about you for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Services and deliver the information and support you request, including technical notices, security alerts, purchase confirmations, and support and administrative messages;
Personalize the Services and provide advertisements, content, or features that are targeted toward your interests;
Send you news and information about the Services and communicate with you about products, services, contests, promotions, incentives, and rewards offered by Workpoint Entertainment and select partners;
Track and analyze trends and usage in connection with the Services; and
Process and deliver contest and promotion entries and rewards.
Workpoint Entertainment is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Sharing of Information
Workpoint Entertainment may share personal information about you as follows:
With third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who work on Workpoint Entertainment’ behalf and need access to such information;
With other players (for example, in connection with leaderboards);
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Workpoint Entertainment’ business by another company;
If Workpoint Entertainment has a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; to enforce Workpoint Entertainment’ agreements, policies and Terms of Service; and to protect Workpoint Entertainment, its users and others from harm; and
With your consent or at your direction.
Workpoint Entertainment may also share aggregated or non-personally identifiable information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Children
Our Services are designed for users who are 13 or older. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13 and believe that your child might have provided personal information to Workpoint Entertainment, please contact us at
support.app@workpoint.co.th
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to delete such information.
Security
Workpoint Entertainment takes reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Third Party Analytics and Advertising
Workpoint Entertainment allows third parties to provide analytics services, to serve advertisements through the Services, and to collect data to use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other mobile applications, including your IP address, device identifiers, MAC address, software and hardware information, browser information, Internet and online usage information, and in-game information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and Workpoint Entertainment is not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies and Workpoint Entertainment encourages you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.
Your Privacy Choices
Information About You.
If you wish to have the information Workpoint Entertainment collects about you updated or deleted, please contact
support.app@workpoint.co.th
, but note that Workpoint Entertainment may retain information about you for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
Location Information.
You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your mobile device or by following the standard uninstall process and removing all Workpoint Entertainment applications from your mobile device.
Cookies.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject cookies; however, the Services may not function properly if you do so.
Advertising Opt Out.
Most mobile devices provide the ability to opt out of the collection and use of information from your device for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. For more information, and to exercise these choices, consult the settings on your device.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Workpoint Entertainment may change this Privacy Policy at any time. If Workpoint Entertainment makes changes, it will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” date above and, in some cases, it may provide you with more prominent notice (such as adding a statement to its homepage or sending you a push notification or email). Workpoint Entertainment encourages you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay informed about its information practices and your privacy choices.
Contact Information
If you have questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or Workpoint Entertainment’ privacy practices, please contact Workpoint Entertainment at
support.app@workpoint.co.th
Copyright © 2015 Ammonite Studio
Alpaca World HD+
Monster Nursery
Yoong: Kick 'Em Up!
ปริศนาฟ้าแลบ