Copyright & Disclaimer Statement
TERMS OF USE
BEFORE USING THE NJ TRANSIT SERVICES PLEASE READ AND AGREE TO THE TERMS LISTED BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE INDICATES ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF USE WHICH WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME AT OUR DISCRETION. THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD PERIODICALLY REVIEW THE TERMS OF USE CHANGES. USE OF THIS NJ TRANSIT SERVICES SUBSEQUENT TO THE POSTING OF CHANGES TO TERMS INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THEM AS STATED.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
These Terms of Use (“Terms of Use” or “Agreement”) apply to the website located at
https://www.njtransit.com/
(the “Site”), the (“NJ TRANSIT Mobile App®” or "App"), the creation and use of a MyTix® Account, MY TRANSIT™ services, MyBus™ services, Web Ticketing, MyTransit Wallet™ (“Cash App Ride™”), and the NJT Rewards® program (collectively “NJ TRANSIT Services”) provided to users of the NJ TRANSIT Services (“You,” “Your,” or “Users”) by the New Jersey Transit Corporation (“NJ TRANSIT®”).
The Agreement is between You and NJ TRANSIT. Please take the time to read the terms and conditions of this Agreement carefully. By clicking on “I Agree” (or a similar box or button) when You sign up for one of the NJ TRANSIT Services or when You participate or access any NJ TRANSIT Services, You agree to be bound by the applicable sections and to abide by the rules and policies in the following “Terms of Use”.
NJ TRANSIT may provide new services, programs, features or offerings or modify or cancel any of the NJ TRANSIT Services at any time at its sole discretion.
License To Use
- NJ TRANSIT grants You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and license to use the NJ TRANSIT Services for Your non-commercial personal use from any desktop or authorized mobile device solely as set forth in this license providing that You comply fully with these terms and conditions. Your acquired rights are granted subject to Your compliance with this license. Any commercial use is prohibited. You are expressly prohibited from sub-licensing, renting, leasing, transferring or otherwise distributing the Site or rights to use the Site. You shall not interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or use by others in any way, nor re-engineer or reverse engineer any of the NJ TRANSIT Services. All rights expressly and not expressly granted are reserved by NJ TRANSIT.
Use of some of the NJ TRANSIT Services will require Your device(s) to have access or connection via mobile network or Internet (fees may apply), and may require obtaining updates or upgrades from time to time. Because use of the NJ TRANSIT Services involves hardware, software and Internet access, Your ability to use the NJ TRANSIT Services may be affected by the performance of these factors. By accepting these terms and conditions, You acknowledge and agree that complying with such system requirements, which may be changed from time to time, are Your responsibility and that Your use of any third-party services are subject to the terms and conditions of use established by the respective third-party service providers.
When using the NJ TRANSIT Services or associated website or mobile applications, updates may automatically be downloaded and installed from time to time. NJ TRANSIT may issue updates to the NJ TRANSIT Services or associated website or mobile applications, in which case You may not be able to continue use some or all of the NJ TRANSIT Services installed on Your mobile device without downloading the update. You agree to such downloading and installation of updates as part of Your use of the NJ TRANSIT Services.
NJ TRANSIT does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information obtained or provided through the NJ TRANSIT Services including such features as, but not limited to, service, schedule, fare information, arrival/departure times or routes. NJ TRANSIT is not responsible if the NJ TRANSIT Services or any associated website or mobile application does not perform as desired. NJ TRANSIT is not financially responsible for any loss or reimbursement as a result of Your use of the transit information provide through the NJ TRANSIT Services. Access to NJ TRANSIT Services could be interrupted or disrupted due to atmospheric conditions, inaccurate satellite data, and other factors associated with use of satellites. You agree that Your use of the NJ TRANSIT Services shall be at Your sole risk.
You must provide at Your own expense the equipment, Internet connections or devices and/or service plans to access and use the NJ TRANSIT Services. NJ TRANSIT does not guarantee that the NJ TRANSIT Services can be accessed on all devices or wireless service plans. NJ TRANSIT does not guarantee that NJ TRANSIT Services are available in all geographic locations. You acknowledge that when You use or access NJ TRANSIT Services, Your wireless carrier may charge You fees for data, messaging and/or other wireless access. Check with Your carrier to see if there are any such fees that apply to You. You are solely responsible for any costs You incur to access NJ TRANSIT Services from Your devices.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, the NJ TRANSIT Services are provided to You "as is," with all faults, without warranty of any kind, without performance assurances or guarantees of any kind, and Your use is at Your sole risk. The entire risk of satisfactory quality and performance resides with You. NJ TRANSIT for purposes of this section does not make, and hereby disclaims, any and all express, implied or statutory warranties, including implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights, and warranties (if any) arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade custom. NJ TRANSIT does not warrant against interference with Your enjoyment of the NJ TRANSIT Services; that the NJ TRANSIT Services will meet Your requirements; that operation of the NJ TRANSIT Services will be uninterrupted or error-free; that the NJ TRANSIT Services will interoperate or be compatible with any other technology or mobile application; that any errors in the NJ TRANSIT Services will be corrected; or that the NJ TRANSIT Services will be available for reinstalls to the same or multiple devices. No oral or written advice provided by NJ TRANSIT or any authorized representative shall create a warranty.
To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, in no event shall NJ TRANSIT be liable to You for any personal injury, property damage, lost profits, cost of substitute goods or services, loss of data, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction or any other form of direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages from any causes of action arising out of or related to this license or the App, whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, strict liability or otherwise, whether or not NJ TRANSIT has been advised of the possibility of such damage.
You agree that the provisions in this Agreement that limit liability are essential terms of this Agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement is illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the provision shall be amended to achieve as closely as possible the effect of the original term and all other provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
You agree that a breach of this Agreement will cause irreparable injury to NJ TRANSIT for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and NJ TRANSIT shall be entitled to seek equitable relief in addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or at law without a bond, other security or proof of damages.
The laws of the State of New Jersey, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this Agreement and Your use of the NJT TRANSIT Services, and You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this license and/or Your use of the NJ TRANSIT Services shall be the State Courts in New Jersey and You expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such Courts.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between You and NJ TRANSIT with respect to the NJ TRANSIT Services and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of any other right hereunder. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this Agreement shall govern.
Copyrights & Permissions
- All information, documents, products, software, services and other materials (the "Materials") provided through access to NJ TRANSIT Services are the property and copyrighted work of NJ TRANSIT or a third party developer, author, manufacturer or vendor (the "Third Party Provider"). Except as stated in these legal terms, none of the Materials may be copied, downloaded, reproduced, altered, distributed, republished, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying or recording, without the prior express written permission of NJ TRANSIT or the Third Party Provider. No part of the NJ TRANSIT Services, including but not limited to any logo, graphic, sound or image, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the prior express written permission of NJ TRANSIT. You also may not, without NJ TRANSIT 's prior express written permission, "mirror" any Material on any other server. Except as stated in these legal terms, use of the NJ TRANSIT Services shall be construed as conferring, by estoppel, implication or otherwise, any license to any intellectual property rights of NJ TRANSIT or any Third Party Provider. You are responsible for obtaining any such license.
NJ TRANSIT grants You permission to display, copy, distribute and download NJ TRANSIT's Materials provided that:
both the copyright notice identified below and this permission notice appear in such Materials;
the use of such Materials is solely for internal and informational use and will not be copied or posted on any networked computer or broadcast in any media;
that the reproduced Materials are used for a non-commercial purpose; and
no modifications of any such Materials are made. If You breach any of these provisions, this permission terminates automatically without notice, and You must immediately destroy any Materials in Your possession or control.
Any unauthorized use of any Materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks & Permissions
- As used through the NJ TRANSIT Services, the NJ goods or services related to the App and/or Website for NJ TRANSIT’s trademarks, including but not limited to, "NJ TRANSIT The Way To Go." phrase and logos, "The Way To Go.", "NJ TRANSIT" phrase and logo, chevron (tri-color) logo, NJ (NJ nested) logo, "njtransit.com", "River LINE" phrase and logo, "Adelante Con" phrase and logo, "Hudson-Bergen Light Rail" phrase and logos, "Newark Light Rail" phrase and logo, "MyBus", "DepartureVision", "Quiet Commute" phrase and logos, "My Light Rail" phrase and logo, "MyTrain", "Music in Motion" phrase and logo, "MyTix", NJ logos, NJT phrase and logos, NJT Rewards phrase and logo, Ride with Pride, and logos for NJ TRANSIT rail services on the Main Line, Bergen County Line, Pascack Valley Line, Montclair-Boonton Line, Morristown Line, Northeast Corridor Line, North Jersey Coast Line, Atlantic City Line and any proprietary product or service names contained on the App and/or any NJ TRANSIT website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of NJ TRANSIT, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of NJ TRANSIT. In addition, all banners, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are service marks, trademarks and/or trade dress of NJ TRANSIT, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of NJ TRANSIT. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
Disclaimer
- NJ TRANSIT does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of any of Material displayed on its web site. NJ TRANSIT may change any of the Material at any time without notice. The Materials may be out of date, and NJ TRANSIT makes no commitment to update the Materials. Customers are urged to call the NJ TRANSIT Information Center at (973) 275 - 5555 for assistance, if required.
Limitation of Liability
- In no event will NJ TRANSIT, its suppliers, or third parties mentioned through the NJ TRANSIT Services be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data, or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of NJ TRANSIT Services , any web sites linked to NJ TRANSIT Services , or the Materials or information contained at any or all such sites, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not they have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to You.
Use Limitations
- The format and contents of this NJ TRANSIT Services and any related website or mobile application are the copyrighted property of NJ TRANSIT. Users may download material from this site provided that any reproduction of the material is for noncommercial purposes and does not substantially alter the material.
Links to Other Materials
– The NJ TRANSIT Services may be linked to other NJ TRANSIT web sites or to third party sites. The linked third party sites (including any links provided by the third party sites) are not under the control of NJ TRANSIT, and NJ TRANSIT is not responsible for their content. NJ TRANSIT does not endorse any third party product or any non - NJ TRANSIT company to which the NJ TRANSIT Services provides a link. If You decide to access any such third party site, You do so at Your own risk. NJ TRANSIT reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time.
Your Obligations
- In consideration of Your use and access to NJ TRANSIT Services and any account related thereto, You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the NJ TRANSIT Services registration form and (b) maintain and promptly update the data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if NJ TRANSIT has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, NJ TRANSIT has the right to suspend or terminate Your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the NJ TRANSIT Services (or any portion thereof). Failure to provide or maintain accurate and complete data that results in an inability to receive transit alerts if the responsibility of the registrant. You are solely responsible for the information pertaining to Your account and itinerary and should print or otherwise maintain the specific information of Your NJ TRANSIT Services account(s) in the event computer failure that causes a loss of data on Your part or on servers maintained by NJ TRANSIT.
Member Account, Password And Security
- You will receive a password and account designation during the registration process for certain NJ TRANSIT Services. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under Your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify NJ TRANSIT of any unauthorized use of Your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that You exit from Your account at the end of each session. NJ TRANSIT cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with this.
No Resale Of Service
- You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the NJ TRANSIT Services, use of the services, or access to the services without the express written permission of NJ TRANSIT.
Modifications To Services
– NJ TRANSIT reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without no https://www.njtransit.com/my-bus-tonoticetice. You agree that NJ TRANSIT shall not be liable to You or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the service.
Termination
- You agree that NJ TRANSIT, in its sole discretion, may terminate Your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the service, and remove and discard any content within the service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if NJ TRANSIT believes that You have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the Terms of Service. NJ TRANSIT may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing any of the NJ TRANSIT Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of Your access to the service under any provision of this Agreement may be affected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that NJ TRANSIT may immediately deactivate or delete Your account and all related information and files in Your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the service. Further, You agree that NJ TRANSIT shall not be liable to You or any third - party for any termination of Your access to the service.
This Agreement is effective until terminated. Your rights under this Agreement will terminate immediately and automatically without any notice from NJ TRANSIT if You fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this license
ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SPECIFIC NJ TRANSIT SERVICES
MY TRANSIT
Description Of Service
- NJ TRANSIT’s MY TRANSIT service currently provides users with access to a wide variety of online resources, including various tools to plan transportation via NJ TRANSIT including itinerary planning, schedule and fare information, and customer alerts. You understand and agree that the service is provided "AS - IS" and that NJ TRANSIT assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, misdelivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. Further, You understand that registering for MY TRANSIT alerts does not implicitly or explicitly guarantee that an alert will be generated for every delay within the parameters following or that MY TRANSIT registration and alerts are not indicators or guarantees of performance by NJ TRANSIT trains, buses, or light rail vehicles.
MY TRANSIT alerts will be delivered to registrants according to the following criteria: (a) delays in service of 15 minutes or more; (b) cancellations in service; (c) closures of facilities affecting access to service. Alerts will be generated only during morning (5:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.) and evening (3:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.) peak periods on weekdays, Monday through Friday. NJ TRANSIT reserves the right to issue alerts outside of these times during service disruptions and outages at the discretion of management. However, issuing such alerts is not intended and should not be construed as a change in terms or service. Alerts will be generated for all NJ TRANSIT rail lines, bus lines serving New York City and Philadelphia, and light rail lines. Alerts will be generated based on the parameters of Your trip and registration. To avoid receiving large numbers of alerts (especially when access charges are based on volume) register for alerts specific to train numbers, bus routes, and light rail systems utilized for Your daily commute.
MY TRANSIT alerts will be composed to use a minimum of characters (maximum of 200 characters) to enable viewing on the widest range of wireless devices and widest access of wireless carriers. To achieve this, MY TRANSIT alerts will utilize abbreviations in referring to rail, bus, and light rail service. For example, NJCL for "North Jersey Coast Line". Abbreviations will be displayed for review during the MY TRANSIT registration or account management processes.
In order to receive MY TRANSIT alerts You must have access to an email account, or a wireless device (pager, cellular telephone, PDA, etc.) that can receive alphanumeric messages through an email address and access. Failure to maintain an active email or wireless service account, or failures by Your ISP or wireless carrier so that You are unable to receive transit alerts are the responsibility of the registrant. Alert messages will be composed to be 200 characters or less. If Your wireless device lacks 200 - character capability or Your wireless service account has restrictions and limitations of less than 200 characters, You will receive truncated messages.
MOBILE TICKETING
"Mobile phone" used within these terms relates to any mobile device that is able to install the App and display the mobile ticket using the devices' data capability.
Security
- The security of Your mobile phone is Your responsibility. However, if Your mobile phone is lost/stolen/replaced, You can sign in to Your account (on Your new phone) with Your User ID (email) and password. If You have active or non-active tickets, and do not see them, please delete and reinstall the App. If Your tickets are still not shown, contact NJ TRANSIT at 973-275-5555 for assistance importing Your tickets to Your new mobile phone.
Purchasing Tickets
- By purchasing a mobile ticket You agree to activate the ticket prior to boarding the vehicle, cooperate fully with the train conductor, operator or ticket inspector, and display Your mobile phone and any of the ticket details for inspection. It is Your responsibility to ensure that the mobile phone is sufficiently charged and functional to clearly display the ticket as required for the duration of Your journey. If You are unable to display Your mobile ticket, You will be required to purchase a new fare (surcharge may apply).
All tickets purchased using the App conform to NJ TRANSIT Revenue Policy. Mobile tickets are subject to certain expiration dates. For further details, visit
njtransit.com/mytix
or the information section of Your individual ticket.
Payment and Credit Card Authorizations
- You authorize and instruct NJ TRANSIT to charge the amount of Your purchase to a designated credit card/charge card, debit card or other repayment technology (e.g., Apple Pay, Google Pay and PayPal). You understand and agree that NJ TRANSIT is not liable in any way for incorrect charges to Your credit card account(s), and that should an error occur, NJ TRANSIT's sole responsibility is to correct it, when and if NJ TRANSIT receives written notice of the error, with proper documentation, from You. You are responsible for any charges imposed by Your bank or credit card company for exceeding Your account limits or overdrawing Your account.
You may also use a cash payment option through MyTransit Wallet™ that allows You to use all of the App’s features by loading cash at a participating retailer.  To find a nearby participating retailer, use Your location-enabled device from the MyTransit Wallet screen on the App. Participating retail stores are also shown on the Site.  You are responsible for any charges or convenience fee charge imposed by any participating retailer.
System Maintenance
- During system maintenance and upgrades, You may be unable to purchase/activate tickets via the App. Every effort will be made to keep service disruptions to a minimum.
NJT REWARDS® PROGRAM
The NJT Rewards® Program (the “Program”) is a loyalty reward program offered by NJ TRANSIT, “our”, “we”) to customers of NJ TRANSIT. The Program is accessible through the App and any other related sites and applications referred to at (
https://njtrewards.com
)(the “Program Site”).
The Program is a loyalty program that allows individuals who have completed the membership enrollment steps ("You", "Your", “Member” or "Program Member") in accordance with these Terms of Use to collect points when making purchases on fares, tickets or passes offered by NJ TRANSIT through the App, and to redeem these points for rewards, benefits, and/or rebates offered by NJ TRANSIT and/or vendors partnered with NJ TRANSIT (“Program Partners”).
In order to enroll and take full advantage of the Program, You must download the App, which is available on most app stores.
Program Members acquire no vested right or entitlement to the continued availability of any particular reward, benefit, or redemption level.
Definitions
“Customer(s)” means any individual that visits or transacts via the NJ TRANSIT Mobile App or the Program Site.
"Rewards Points" means the rewards points accumulated through the Program for each Eligible Purchase covered by the Program and which are based on the then applicable dollar-to-point conversion rate established by NJ TRANSIT at NJ TRANSIT's sole discretion and which may be changed or modified at any time at NJ TRANSIT's sole discretion.
“Program Site” means the NJT Rewards Program website which is located at (
https://njtrewards.com
).
Program Overview
- NJ TRANSIT is the nation's largest statewide public transportation system providing more than 925,000 weekday trips on 253 bus routes, three light rail lines, 12 commuter rail lines and providing transportation through Access Link paratransit service. It is the third largest transit system in the country with 166 rail stations, 62 light rail stations, and more than 19,000 bus stops linking major points in New Jersey, New York, and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Program is a loyalty reward program offered by NJ TRANSIT to Customers of NJ TRANSIT that allows Customers to collect Rewards Points when making eligible purchases on fares, tickets or passes through the MyTix® application offered by NJ TRANSIT (“Eligible Purchases”), and to redeem these Rewards Points for rewards, benefits, coupons and/or rebates offered by NJ TRANSIT and/or vendors partnered with NJ TRANSIT ("Program Partners"). The Program has been designed with the following key goals in mind, to:
Develop programs for Customers that allows NJ TRANSIT to continually improve its customer experience, while developing meaningful engagement opportunities with its Customers.
Reward Customers for their loyalty and support of public transit and NJ     TRANSIT.
The Program is intended for Your personal use only. Any commercial use is strictly prohibited.
The Program is only valid for Eligible Purchases on specific routes determined by NJ TRANSIT at its sole discretion. These routes will be established by NJ TRANSIT and expanded or restricted at NJ TRANSIT's sole discretion. NJ TRANSIT, at its sole discretion, may from time to time add new programs, features and/or offers for Rewards Customers. Any change in the Program scope, requirements, benefits and/or rewards is at the sole discretion of NJ TRANSIT.
The Reward Points accumulated for each Eligible Purchase will be based on the applicable dollar-to-point conversion rate established by NJ TRANSIT at NJ TRANSIT's sole discretion. This conversion rate may be updated at NJ TRANSIT’s sole discretion without prior notice and at any time. In addition, the conversion rates for different modes of transport (rail, bus, and light rail) may also vary at NJ TRANSIT’s sole discretion. For further details and the current conversion rates, please refer to Appendix A.
Rewards Points earned will be credited to the Program Member’s rewards account (“Account”) within 24-48 hours after making an Eligible Purchase. The Reward Points balance will be viewable through the "Rewards" section of Your Account on the App. At this location in the NJ TRANSIT App, You can convert Your Rewards Points to eligible rewards offers, add them to “Wallet” on the App, and redeem them through NJT Rewards or through Program Partners.
The Program has been initiated by NJ TRANSIT to provide valuable benefits to You as a reward for Your continued loyalty and support of NJ TRANSIT’s services. The more You ride, the more rewards You are eligible to earn.
NJ TRANSIT also reserves the right to allocate additional Rewards Points to user accounts that have experienced service issues. These Rewards Points will be allocated at the sole discretion of NJ TRANSIT. Such determination will be based upon its own merits and may or may not be based upon specific criteria preset in each instance.
You may use the NJ TRANSIT App to convert Your Reward Points for coupon offers. You will then show Your coupon offer via the NJ TRANSIT App at the appropriate vendor location or website (if the vendor offers that option) for redemption. The coupon/offer will be redeemed by the vendor/partner and it is the sole responsibility of the vendor/partner to complete the redemption process.
Membership Enrollment And Eligibility
- There is no membership fee and no initial purchase is required in order to become a Program Member. To become a valid Program Member, You must complete the enrollment process by providing complete and accurate information through the NJ TRANSIT App and by indicating Your acceptance of the Program Terms of Use. After completion, You will receive a Membership Account that is linked to the email address on the NJ TRANSIT mobile app.
The Program is only available to Program Members via the NJ TRANSIT App who have subscribed to the MyTix® application on their mobile device. The same basic user information that has already been entered for Your registration through NJ TRANSIT’s MyTix® application such as username, email address, zip code, and phone number will also be used by the Program to identify You as a Program Member. Therefore, Your email address and password You use for the MyTix® application applies to the Program.
By enrolling in the Program, each Program Member (i) certifies that he or she is over the age of eighteen (18) or is thirteen (13) or older and has Your parent or guardian’s consent to this Agreement, (ii) consents to NJ TRANSIT’s collection and use of certain personal information, and (iii) agrees to the Program Terms, as they may be amended from time to time.
To be eligible for participation, You must accept these Terms of Use related to the Program. By using or enrolling in the Program, You accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
By enrolling in the Program, You agree to:
provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Program registration form; and
maintain and promptly update the data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if NJ TRANSIT has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, NJ TRANSIT has the right at its sole discretion to suspend or terminate Your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the service (or any portion thereof).
Change In Information
- It is solely the responsibility of the Program Member to provide and maintain accurate and complete data in the App and the corresponding Program. Failure to do so may result in the Program Member’s inability to receive rewards or Rewards Points.
NJ TRANSIT will not be responsible for any communication not received by a Program Member, provided that NJ TRANSIT sent such communication to the email address or other contact information then on file from such Program Member.
Inactive Accounts
- A Program Member Account may be deemed to be inactive if Rewards Points are not earned or redeemed in connection with such Account within six (6) months or within a time frame determined at NJ TRANSIT's sole discretion. Once an Account is deemed inactive, all Rewards Points in such Account may, in NJ TRANSIT’s sole discretion, be deemed to have expired or been forfeited by such Program Member, with or without notice.
Rewards Points
Collection And Redemption
- Rewards Points can be earned by Program Members in connection with Eligible Purchases through the App.
Rewards Points can be redeemed for rewards. When enough Rewards Points have been accumulated to obtain the reward(s) desired, redemption may occur through the App. The redemption schedule, available rewards and other information are available on the Program Site.
Value
- Rewards Points have no cash value and are not exchangeable for cash. The accumulation of Rewards Points does not entitle the Program Members to any vested rights, and NJ TRANSIT does not guarantee in any way the continued availability of any coupon, reward, redemption level, rebate or any other benefit offered by NJ TRANSIT or its Program Partners. NJ TRANSIT assumes no liability to Members as regards to the addition or deletion of items from or for which Rewards Points can be collected and/or redeemed.
Transferability
- Except as permitted from time to time by NJ TRANSIT, Rewards Points cannot be assigned, exchanged, traded, bartered, purchased or given by gift or otherwise sold. Any Rewards Points so acquired are void. For the avoidance of doubt, such prohibited transfers include transfers upon operation or law upon the death of a Member.
Expiration
- Rewards Points that have not been redeemed currently do no expire. NJ TRANSIT reserves the right to change the term for expiration at its sole discretion, with or without notice. The expiration of a coupon, offer, rebate or other reward offered or provided by a Program Partner is at the sole discretion of the Program Partner. NJ TRANSIT assumes no liability to Members in regards to the expiration of any coupon, offer, rebate or other reward offered or provided by a Program Partner through the Program.
Passwords And Security
- If You do not already have a MyTix® Account, You will receive a password and account designation during the registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your password and account login, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under Your password or account. You agree to: (a) immediately notify NJ TRANSIT of any unauthorized use of Your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that You exit from Your Account at the end of each session. NJ TRANSIT cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with these terms.
In order to enroll in the Program, You will be required to register and create a Program rewards account (“Account”) on the App and provide one or more names, email addresses, login usernames and passwords (together, “ID”), if You do not already have a MyTix® Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your ID. You agree not to use the ID of any third party or disclose Your ID to any third party. You are responsible for any and all activity that occurs on Your Account. If You suspect any unauthorized use of Your Account, You must notify us immediately. You agree to provide us with correct and complete Account information at all times. NJ TRANSIT cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with these terms.
Suspension Of Rights
- If NJ TRANSIT determines that a has abused any of the Program’s privileges, fails to comply with any of the Program Terms, or makes any misrepresentation to NJ TRANSIT, NJ TRANSIT may, in its sole discretion, take such actions as it deems appropriate, including without limitation, suspending such Program Member’s privileges under the Program, revoking any or all of the Rewards Points in such Program Member’s Account, and/or revoking the Program Member’s membership in the Program, in each case, with or without advance notice to the Program Member and without liability to NJ TRANSIT.
Rewards Points will not be awarded if in NJ TRANSIT’s reasonable opinion the item purchased will be used for resale or commercial use and any Rewards Points awarded on such purchases will be forfeited. If a Program Member was awarded Rewards Points for an offer or promotion in which a Program Member purchased product(s) in excess of reasonable quantities, the Rewards Points awarded as a result of that offer or promotion may be forfeited without prior notice and the Account may be suspended or closed.
Unless further restricted elsewhere in this Agreement, Membership in the Program is only available to individuals above the age of eighteen (18) or individuals thirteen (13) or older who have their parent's or guardian’s consent to this Agreement. If a Program Member does not meet the age requirements set out above, all Rewards Points awarded to such Program Member may be forfeited without prior notice and the Account may be suspended or closed.
Cancelation Or Suspension Of The Program
- NJ TRANSIT reserves the right to suspend the operation of the Program or terminate or suspend an offer or reward, or to terminate the Agreement and to cancel the Program then-running, at any time with or without cause at its sole discretion. NJ TRANSIT shall not be liable for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Program.
The cancelation or modification of the Program shall be without liability to NJ TRANSIT.
Limitation Of Liability
- To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, in no event shall NJ TRANSIT be liable to You for any personal injury, property damage, lost profits, cost of substitute goods or services, loss of data, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction or any other form of direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages from any causes of action arising out of or related to this Agreement, the Program, the Site or the App, whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, strict liability or otherwise, and whether or not NJ TRANSIT has been advised of the possibility of such damage. You agree that the provisions in this Agreement that limit liability are essential terms of this Agreement.
Questions And Contact Information
- All questions to NJ TRANSIT regarding these Terms and Conditions must be directed to NJT Rewards Program Customer Support at success@njtrewards.com.
Notice
- Notices by NJ TRANSIT to Customers regarding the Program may be given by means of electronic messages or notifications through the App, by a general posting on the App, or by conventional email. All Customer questions, complaints, or notices regarding the App must be directed by email to success@njtrewards.com.
WEB TICKETING
“Web Ticket" used within these terms relates to any ticket for NJ TRANSIT Services purchased through an internet enabled device that is able to display and interact with the Web Ticket website (“Site”) using the devices' data capability.
Security
- The security of Your Web Ticket and account is Your responsibility. Active or used tickets, remain in Your account. If You cannot access Your Web Tickets, contact NJ TRANSIT at 973-275-5555 between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (US Eastern Standard Time) for assistance accessing tickets.
Purchasing Tickets
- If You wish to purchase a Web Ticket(s), You will be asked by NJ TRANSIT or a third party provider to supply certain information applicable to Your purchase, including, without limitation, payment and other information. By providing this information, You agree that all information that You provide will be accurate, current and complete. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or anyone who uses Your account and credit card (or other applicable payment method) at the price(s) then in effect when such charges are incurred.
All references to “dollars” or “$” or “US$” on the Site refer to United States dollars, which is the currency used for all purposes associated with the purchase of Web Tickets.
Verification of information applicable to a purchase may be required prior to NJ TRANSIT’s acceptance of any order. The availability of Web Tickets and the price of Web Tickets is subject to change without notice. Current rates for any Web Ticket are displayed on the Site.
By purchasing a Web Ticket You agree to cooperate fully with the train conductor, operator or ticket inspector, and display Your Web Ticket (digital or print copy) and any of the ticket details for inspection. It is Your responsibility to ensure that a mobile phone or any electronic device used to store the Web Ticket is sufficiently charged and functional to clearly display the ticket as required for the duration of Your journey. If You are unable to display Your Web Ticket, You will be required to purchase a new fare (surcharge may apply).
All tickets purchased using NJ TRANSIT Web Ticketing conform to NJ TRANSIT Revenue Policy. Web Tickets are subject to certain expiration dates. For further details, visit njtransit.com and refer to the ”Tickets” information section.
Credit Card Authorizations
- You authorize and instruct NJ TRANSIT to charge the amount of Your purchase to a designated credit card/charge card or debit card. You understand and agree that NJ TRANSIT is not liable in any way for incorrect charges to Your credit card account(s), and that should an error occur, and the error is due to NJ TRANSIT, NJ TRANSIT's sole responsibility is to correct it, when and if NJ TRANSIT receives written notice of the error, with proper documentation, from You. You are responsible for any charges imposed by Your bank or credit card company for any necessary currency conversions into dollars or exceeding Your account limits or overdrawing Your account.
System Maintenance
- During system maintenance and upgrades, You may be unable to purchase/generate tickets or download Web Tickets via the Site. Every effort will be made to keep service disruptions to a minimum.
MYBUS™ TEXTING - SMS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
NJ TRANSIT’S MyBus service provides real-time information for buses that will be arriving at Your selected stop. There are three ways to get MyBus information: (1) Download the App; (2) Use the form provided on the Site at
https://www.njtransit.com/my-bus-to
; (3) or utilize the MyBus texting service.
MyBus Texting
- NJ TRANSIT, through third-party service providers, may use an autodialer to deliver text messages to You. NJ TRANSIT text messages are intended to provide You with information regarding NJ TRANSIT Services and other information about the NJ TRANSIT.
NJ TRANSIT customers have the option to receive information about the bus schedule within moments. With MyBus Texting program, texts will be sent from the SC 69287. Message and data rates may apply. For assistance or service support, clients can text HELP. Clients can also contact us to our toll-free number 973-275-5555. Help is also available at https://www.njtransit.com/contact. To opt out You can text STOP.
BY SIGNING UP FOR THIS TEXT MESSAGING PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY AND BE BOUND TO THESE TERMS and You expressly consent to receive bus arrival information for Your bus stop, as applicable, from NJ TRANSIT, including text messages made with an automatic telephone dialing system (“autodialer”), at the telephone number(s) that You provide.
You may opt-out of these communications at any time. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. Message frequency may vary. By signing up, You are confirming You are over the age of 13.
Opt In
- Receive updates from NJ TRANSIT through Your mobile device.
Text Your stop number to 69287 or Text the light rail Station ID to 69287.  Message and data rates may apply. (See below.)
Cost
- Message and data rates may apply to each text message sent or received in connection with NJ TRANSIT text messages, as provided in Your mobile telephone service rate plan (please contact Your mobile telephone carrier for pricing plans), in addition to any applicable roaming charges. NJ TRANSIT does not impose a separate fee for sending NJ TRANSIT text messages; however, You are responsible for any fees imposed by Your mobile carrier of any kind whatsoever.
Stop Information
- Text STOP to 69287 to stop receiving NJ TRANSIT texts from NJ TRANSIT (You will receive a confirmation text).
PRIVACY POLICY
NJ TRANSIT® is committed to maintaining Your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) to protect the personal information You provide online. The Policy and agreement describes NJ TRANSIT’s privacy practices regarding our collection, use, and treatment of personal information that You may provide when You use NJ TRANSIT  websites and mobile applications which include, but are not limited to: the NJ TRANSIT website located at
https://www.njtransit.com/
(the “Site”), the (“NJ TRANSIT Mobile App” or "App"), the creation and use of a MyTix® Account, MY TRANSIT™ services, MyBus® services, Web Ticketing, and the NJT Rewards® program (collectively “NJ TRANSIT Services”). NJ TRANSIT Services. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point that personally identifiable information may be requested.
Consent
– Please read this Policy carefully before submitting any personal information. By accessing or otherwise using NJ TRANSIT’s Services, You acknowledge and agree that You have read this Policy and agree to be legally bound by it. By accessing or otherwise using NJ TRANSIT’s Services, You consent to the collection and use of Your information by NJ TRANSIT. NJ TRANSIT may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If our Privacy Policy is changed, the most recent Policy will be posted here.  Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean You accept these changes and the Policy then in effect.
Collection and Use of Information
- NJ TRANSIT collects personal information about You when You provide that information by contacting us or initiating an online transaction for NJ TRANSIT Services. As used in this Policy, “personal information” means information about a natural person because of a name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, that can be used to identify that natural person.  The personal information collected by NJ TRANSIT that is available and collected by NJ TRANSIT depends on which NJ TRANSIT Services You use, access or visit.  Some information collected by NJ TRANSIT is required in order to access some NJ TRANSIT Services and NJ TRANSIT may collect the following categories of personal information about You:
Identifiers:
identifiers such as a names and aliases; physical address; phone number; email address; IP address; unique identifiers, such as a device identifier, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number and interaction with customer service; unique pseudonym, or user alias; account name; driver’s license number; passport number; and other similar identifiers
Protected Classifications:
characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as age, sex, gender, medical condition, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status
Commercial Information:
commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Online Activity:
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, cookies, browsing history, search history, and information regarding Your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Geolocation Information
Sensory Information:
audio, electronic, visual, and similar information
Inferences:
inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about You reflecting Your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes
NJ TRANSIT may also have obtained personal information about You from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You, such as information provided when interacting with NJ TRANSIT Services
Your devices, such as when You use our NJ TRANSIT Services
Your family, employer or friends, such as when they provide us with information on Your behalf
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Technical service providers
Our business partners and joint marketing partners
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Operating systems and platforms
Social networks
Government entities
We do not rent or sell personal information to other entities. If You do not want this information to be collected by us, please do not submit it; however, You will need to provide certain information to create an account with NJ TRANSIT and access certain NJ TRANSIT Services.  We may use Your personal information for the purposes of providing the NJ TRANSIT Services and for the following business purposes specified:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services
Auditing related to a current interaction with You and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, provided or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the controlled by us.
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share Your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.
Category of Third Party
Your family, employer or friends
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms
Business partners and joint-marketing partners
Carriers and travel-related service providers
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Social networks
Government entities
Security
- NJ TRANSIT has implemented a number of security features throughout the NJ TRANSIT site to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. For example, database information is kept separate from live servers and is firewall protected. Please be advised, however, that although NJ TRANSIT has endeavored to create a secure and reliable site for You, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from NJ TRANSIT via the NJ TRANSIT site or e-mail cannot be guaranteed. When disclosing any personal information, You should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without Your consent. NJ TRANSIT is not responsible or liable for the security of information transmitted via the Internet.
External Web Sites
- To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized to access third party sites, You should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by NJ TRANSIT and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should review the privacy policies of these sites to determine risks associated with Your personal information being made available to the operators of these third party web sites.
Children’s Data
– Our Services are designed for a general audience and are not directed to those under the age of thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen (13) through our Services. If You become aware that a child has provided us with personal data, please contact us so that we can remove the information.
How to Contact Us
- Should You have other questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at NJ TRANSIT Attn: Customer Service Department,1 Penn Plaza East, Newark, NJ 07105 and provide the following information:
Indicate that You are contacting us about Your privacy rights.
Indicate whether You are requesting to:
Access Your data from the past twelve (12) months;
Close Your account; or
Close Your account and delete account data.
Provide Your first name, last name, email address, phone number, and complete mailing address. If an agent is acting on Your behalf, submit the agent’s first name, agent’s last name, agent’s email address, agent’s phone number, and agent’s complete mailing address.
If You are a user from the EU/EEA, please contact at: NJ TRANSIT Attn: Customer Service Department, 1 Penn Plaza East, Newark, NJ 07105.
Verifying Requests. To help protect Your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify Your identity before granting You access to Your personal information or complying with Your request. If You have an account with us, we may verify Your identity by requiring You to sign in to Your account. If You do not have an account with us and You request access to or deletion of Your personal information, we may require You to verify Your email address or provide any of the following information: (a) amount spent during last trip with NJ TRANSIT; (b) most recent trip with NJ TRANSIT, or (c) other information about Your trips with NJ TRANSIT. In addition, if You do not have an account and You ask us to provide You with specific pieces of personal information, we may require You to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that You are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
USER GENERATED CONTENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You hereby grant New Jersey Transit Corporation (“NJ Transit”) a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display, and distribute the content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). You understand and agree that NJ Transit may modify the UGC for formatting, integration, or other purposes, however, such modifications shall not materially distort such UGC. You represent and warrant that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older; you have not and will not authorize this content to be used in connection with any other transportation carrier; you are the sole creator and author of this content; that you own or control all rights in such UGC; the content does not infringe upon or violate the copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity, or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or entity; and that no third party has any rights in or to the content or that you have obtained written permission from each such third party to grant these rights.
INDEMNITY & RELEASE:
You agree to defend, indemnify, protect, and save harmless the State of New Jersey, NJ Transit, its subsidiaries, and their agents, servants, directors, officers, and employees from and against any and all suits, claims, demands or damages of whatsoever kind or nature arising out of or related to the UGC.
GOVERNING LAW; EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION; EXCLUSIVE VENUE:
These UGC Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey. You hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in New Jersey.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT:
These UGC Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and NJ Transit with respect to the UGC. The failure of NJ Transit to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these UGC Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Information for Users in the EU/EEA/UK Who Utilize Web Ticketing
The following policy provisions apply
only
if You use purchase tickets using NJ TRANSIT Web Ticketing from a member state of the EU/EEA or UK.
Legal bases for the processing of Your Personal Data
When You purchase Web Tickets, we process Your personal information to provide You with purchased tickets. We also process personal information subject to Your consent, as further described below. Otherwise, we process Your personal data for the purposes described in this Policy based on our legitimate interests in carrying out our business functions and improving our products and services. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process Your personal data, we take reasonable measures to balance our interests against Your rights and freedoms. Further information can be provided upon request.
Retention of Your Personal Data
To the extent required or permitted, we retain the personal data we obtain for the duration of our relationship, plus a reasonable period thereafter required to comply with legal requirements regarding financial statements, legal claims or archiving purposes and applicable statute of limitations, unless a shorter retention period is required by applicable law.
International transfers
Your sharing of Your personal data in accordance with this Policy involves transferring Your personal data outside the EU/EEA or UK. When we transfer Your personal data outside of the EU/EEA or UK, we do so where an exception applies or an adequate level of protection is afforded to it by, where required by law, implementing at least one of the following safeguards:
Transferring personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the EU Commission, or
Executing Standard Contractual Clauses.
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to request a copy of the specific safeguard by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section above.
Your rights
As a data subject located in the EU/EEA or UK, You may have the following rights regarding Your personal data, subject to applicable law:
Right of access: You may ask us to confirm whether we are processing Your personal data and, if so, to provide You with a copy of that personal data (along with certain other details).
Right to rectification: If the personal data we hold about You is inaccurate or incomplete, You are entitled to ask for rectification or completion.
Right to erasure: You may ask us to delete or remove Your personal data in some circumstances, such as if You believe we no longer need it or if You withdraw Your consent (where applicable).
Right to restrict processing: You may ask us to restrict the processing of Your personal data in some circumstances.
Right to data portability: You have the right to obtain personal data You have provided to us in a structured, commonly used in machine-readable format, and/or ask us to transmit Your personal data to another company under certain circumstances.
Right to object: You may ask us at any time to stop processing Your personal data, and we will do so under appropriate circumstances, if we (i) rely on legitimate interests to process Your personal data, except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing, or (ii) process Your personal data for direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent: If we rely on Your consent as legal basis for processing Your personal data, You have the right to withdraw that consent at any time with effect for the future.
You may exercise Your rights by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Policy.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State where You reside, work or suspect an infringement, if You believe that the processing of personal data concerning You is not in compliance with applicable law.