Privacy Policy
At Scan Halal ("we" "us" "our" or "Scan Halal") we appreciate your use of and contributions to our websites, our mobile app, and our other properties and/or our related services (collectively known as the "Services," or, each individually, a "Service"). Scan Halal respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information.
This is our privacy policy and we will comply with it, as well as applicable U.S. privacy law, when we gather and use information from users of the Services.. By using the Services, you consent to the data practices described in this policy. By submitting personally identifiable information ("PII") through our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your PII in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
In general, Scan Halal uses the information collected from you to communicate with you and operate our Services. Your privacy is important and we are committed to protecting information that identifies you personally, where you have chosen to keep it private ("Personal Information"). We will only share Personal Information that you provide outside the public areas of the Services in the following circumstances:
Activity and usage logs.
We automatically store information related to your use of the Services, such as the products you view or scan on the mobile app, your phone type, IP address, location services, the date and time of your scan. We also log the products you scan, view, and other actions you perform while using the Services. We use this type of information to administer the Services and provide the highest possible level of service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Services.
Email.
If you contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply. When you post messages or comments on the bulletin board, chat room, blog or forum of our Services, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our service provider’s servers.
Third party advertising.
Third parties serve some of the ads across our Services. We do not send any individualized personal information to them, but they may have access to information that they obtain through cookies or that you share with them yourself. Note that we do not rent, share, sell or trade PII with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. The content posted by these third parties will be reasonably identifiable as coming from a third party. We do not provide any PII to these advertisers, third-party websites, or other businesses, although on occasion we may mutually share non-personally identifiable (e.g., demographic) information to facilitate delivery of relevant advertisements or market research. These third-party websites, businesses, and advertisers, or advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use tracking technology to deliver (or "serve") the advertisements that appear on our Services directly to your browser or app. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize or optimize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites or businesses are not covered by this Policy but are covered by their respective privacy policies. Some, but not all, third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology.
Administration.
We may use the information described above for routine administrative purposes, such as investigating abuses on the Site, responding to user inquiries and enforcing and applying our Terms of Service and Statement.
Collection by Third Parties.
If you post content ("Public Content") for public view on the Services, we may distribute such Public Content to a wider audience by sharing it (or portions of it) with third parties so that they can publish it on their own websites and media platforms. We may ask them to credit you as the source of these contributions by including your account name and profile photo. We allow you to access third party services, such as Facebook and Twitter, to share your selected Public Content with those services.
ADDITIONAL MATTERS
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable).
We share aggregated demographic and usage information about users of the Services with our business partners, such as food manufacturers, and retail stores. This information does not identify individual users. We do not link aggregate user data with PII.
Legal Disclaimer.
We reserve the right to disclose your PII as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights (or those of our Services users) and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Services.
Affiliates.
Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, "Affiliates"), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your PII with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the PII collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your PII as described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers.
We may share your PII with our third party service providers to provide you with the Services. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, these third party service providers are required not to use your PII other than to provide the services requested by us. You expressly consent to the sharing of your PII with our service providers for the sole purpose of providing services to you.
Partners with whom we conduct business.
Scan Halal may give business partners access to Personal Information only as necessary to offer products and services with those business partners, and subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
Links To Other Websites.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will leave the Services and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your PII by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as Scan Halal. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policies of any other service provider from whom you request services.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets.
Our Services includes Social Media Features ("Social Media Features"), such as the Facebook share button and the twitter share button. The Social Media Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our app and Services, and may set a cookie to enable the Social Media Features to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Location Data.
Scan Halal can provide you with helpful information based on where you are. If you tell Scan Halal where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send Scan Halal your location), Scan Halal may use that information to provide you with location-based information and advertising. If you wish to deactivate this feature, you can disable location services on your mobile device.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE
Service-related Announcements.
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you a push notification.
Updating Personally Identifiable Information.
If your personally identifiable information changes, you may update it by making the changes in the Scan Halal Services Settings screen. If you wish to delete your account please email us at
support@scanhalal.org.
We will respond to your request within 30 days.
DATA RETENTION.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at
support@scanhalal.org.
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
SECURITY.
The security of your PII is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is perfectly secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
CHANGES IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, the home page our Site, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we change how we use your personally identifiable information, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
QUESTIONS.
You should feel free to give us feedback, register a complaint, or ask questions about the Services. We may store your communications, including any personal information you include in them, so that we can effectively respond to you. Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to
support@scanhalal.org.